The appalling conditions of a dog training centre where illegal pitbulls covered in scars were forced to wear electric shock collars and train on treadmills has been caught in shocking footage . RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights . The footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars , covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water . Scroll down for video . The appalling conditions of a dog training centre where illegal pitbulls covered in scars were forced to wear electric shock collars and train on treadmills has been caught in shocking footage . RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights . One of the dogs ears had been bitten off . All five illegal dogs - Dingo , Sheeba , Zula , Fenton and Mousey - were ordered to be destroyed . Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £ 40,000 for a catalogue of appalling animal cruelty offences after RSPCA inspectors raided their homes . All five illegal dogs - Dingo , Sheeba , Zula , Fenton and Mousey - were ordered to be destroyed . Darren Wheatcroft pleaded guilty to attempting to arrange a fight between illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs , while his son , Callan , and farmer Simon Whitworth pleaded guilty to training the animals for fighting . All three were handed suspended prison sentences and ordered to pay a total of £ 40,000 to the RSPCA at Burnley Magistrates ' Court , Lancashire . Footage shown to the court showed some of the animals , which were imported from the Netherlands and trained using treadmills , . Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £ 40,000 for a catalogue of appalling animal cruelty offences after RSPCA inspectors raided their homes . Darren Wheatcroft -LRB- centre -RRB- pleaded guilty to attempting to arrange a fight between illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs , while his son , Callan -LRB- left -RRB- , and farmer Simon Whitworth -LRB- right -RRB- pleaded guilty to training the animals for fighting . Laptops , mobile phones and books were also seized in a joint investigation with Lancashire police known as Operation Cask . Messages were uncovered from Darren Wheatcroft offering a £ 1,000 fee to secure a fight between his illegal dog and another . District Judge James Clarke slammed dogfighting for its role in ` creating a black market economy ' in East Lancashire . He told the defendants : ` These dogs are illegal for a reason . They are dangerous in the eyes of parliament . Their characteristics and their training can lead to significant physical injury to one another and they are dangerous to the public . ` I should n't need to remind you that animals such as this have attacked members of your community . While not holding you responsible for that , you have knowingly involved yourself in an industry that perpetuates cruelty and criminality in relation to animals . ` The intention of fighting to the death shows a failure to take proper responsibility of these animals . I am satisfied that his took place over an extended period of time . ` Each of you has an unhealthy interest . You have invested a significant amount of finances and attempted - especially Darren Wheatcroft - to make money out of it , involving others and travelling abroad to acquire the animals . You were involved in criminality . ' Darren Wheatcroft , 48 , and his son Callan , 22 , both of Accrington , admitted keeping and training three of the dogs . Whitworth , 44 , of Oswaldtwistle , admitted keeping and training another two dogs . The footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars , covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water . In his summary of events , RSPCA prosecutor Chris Wyatt said that the animals had a large number of scars . The court also heard home medication kits had been found during the raids . The pitbull type dogs were all seized and ordered to be destroyed by the courts . Darren Wheatcroft admitted a further charge of arranging a dogfight , although the RSPCA could not prove that the event ever took place . Simon Farnsworth , representing the three defendants , said : ` It is not fair to deal with all defendants equally harshly . ` Callan Wheatcroft may well have been involved under the influence of his father . ' In his summary of events , RSPCA prosecutor Chris Wyatt said that the animals had a large number of scars . The court also heard home medication kits had been found during the raids . But he added : ` It can not be proved that these injuries were the result of recent fights or that the defendants were in possession of the dogs when they may have been involved in fights with other animals . ' Callan Wheatcroft , a part-time cameraman who films Blackburn Rovers football matches , was given a 16-week prison sentence , suspended for 18 months , and fined £ 10,000 . Father-of-two Whitworth , who works on his parents ' farm , was given the same suspended prison sentence but fined £ 15,000 . Married Darren Wheatcroft , who also has a daughter , was handed a 20-week prison sentence , suspended for 18 months , and also fined £ 15,000 . All three , who had originally denied the charges , were ordered to do 150 hours of unpaid community work and banned from keeping dogs for life . Speaking after the hearing , chief inspector Ian Briggs , from the RSPCA 's special operations unit , said : ` These people were actively involved in the dogfighting scene . ` They sourced dogs specifically for dogfighting , including going abroad . They were thoroughly knowledgeable in what they were trying to do and they set out deliberately to build up a stock of fighting dogs at their premises . ` We 've got the result we wanted and they have been punished accordingly . ' An RSPCA spokesman added : ` After fights many dogs are left with horrific injuries and rather than taking them to a vet , dog fighters will perform crude surgeries without anesthetic . Often using staple guns or super glue to close up wounds . ` Most dogs used for fighting will ultimately either be killed in the ring , die as a result of their injuries or in some cases be killed by their owners . ' If you suspect someone is taking part in dog fighting , call the RSPCA in confidence on 0300 1234 999 or report it to the police .