Jordon Ibe is on the verge of signing a new long-term contract as Brendan Rodgers prepares to re-launch the exciting teenager 's season . Liverpool offered Ibe fresh terms in February after he had a deep impression in a sequence of games , particularly against Everton and Tottenham , that coincided with an improvement in the club 's fortunes . A deal has now been agreed and it is simply a case of the highly-regarded Ibe , who has been absent since damaging knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26 , putting pen to paper . Jordon Ibe in training for Liverpool at Melwood as he prepares to make a return from injury . Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool after breaking into the first team this season . Rodgers says Ibe , 19 , has looked ` absolutely sensational ' after stepping up his rehabilitation work in the last couple of weeks and he could come straight back into the starting line-up against Newcastle on Monday night . The issue Rodgers must address is whether to stick with the 4-3-3 formation he used at Blackburn in the FA Cup last Wednesday or revert to the 3-4-3 system that had been the catalyst for an improvement in results . One thing Liverpool 's manager has conceded , though , is that Daniel Sturridge is unlikely to recapture his very best form this season , given all the injuries he has suffered . Ibe , pictured in action against Tottenham , damaged his knee ligaments while playing against Besiktas . Sturridge , who has only scored four goals in his last 15 games , admitted last week that he felt it would have to wait until the new campaign to show last year 's sparkle and his manager agrees , following 12 months in which he has suffered thigh , calf and hip issues . ` It 's a long time out , ' said Rodgers . ` When you 're out for that length of time it maybe takes you the same amount of time to get back again . ` The key for him was to get back and be fit but he needs a good pre-season under his belt , a total run at pre-season and hopefully he 'll be fine for next season . Until that point we have to maximise what we can get out of him . ' Brendan Rodgers prepares his Liverpool team for the visit of Newcastle to Anfield on Monday . Daniel Sturridge is yet to rediscover his best form since returning from a lengthy injury lay off . Rodgers added : ` Every player is different . With Daniel there 's been a number of injuries that he 's had and that 's before he came here . He had a fairly sustained run last season and served us well but this season has been difficult . ` He just needs to find a way to physically and mentally try to keep himself as fit as he can but sometimes that is n't all down to you -- sometimes it 's about luck as well . '