Protests by Japanese-American groups and Star Trek 's George Takei have led an East Coast auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from World War II internment camps . Thousands of Japanese-Americans , groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house 's Facebook page , the San Jose Mercury News reported Thursday . The items from the collection of ` dean of American crafts ' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville , New Jersey . Stopped the sale : Star Trek actor George Takei helped halt the action of 450 photos and artifacts from World War II Japanese-American internment camps . The collection includes 63 photos of people of Japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made . The auction was halted thanks , in part , to the efforts of Takei , who lived in an internment camps in Arkansas as a child . ` Greetings from Australia , ' Takei wrote to followers on the Japanese American History NOT for Sale Facebook . ` Thank you all for mobilizing on this important issue . It took a few calls today here in the wee hours , and I 'll be issuing a formal statement later , but we can all celebrate a bit today at this news . ' Also leading the charge against the auction was the Heart Mountain Wyoming Foundation -LRB- HMWF -RRB- , which threatened to sue the Rago Arts and Auction Center over the sale . Outcry : Takei and a group called the Heart Mountain Wyoming Foundation helped stop the sale of items like these panels carved in the internment camps . Not just art for sale : Families forced into the internment camps during WWII were not allowed to take photos and the officials photographers were barred from snapping the barbed wire and guard towers that became a part of these families ' lives . Critics of the auction say these works are n't just art but expression of the sorry the disenfranchised families felt . ` I am heartened by the solidarity shown among the Japanese American community to bring this issue to light , ' Executive Director Brian Liesinger said in a release . ` It spurred us on in our effort to do right by the collection and the incarcerees who created the artworks . ' Heart Mountain Wyoming Foundation runs a museum dedicated to educating the public about the wartime relocation of Japanese Americans , including the background history of anti-Asian prejudice in America . According to a Change.org petition that aimed to stop the auction , Allen Eaton would himself have been opposed to the sale . ` These items were given -- not sold -- to the original collector , Allen Eaton , because he wanted to display them in an exhibition that would help tell the story of the incarceration of 120,000 innocent people , ' reads the petition . ` These items were given -- not sold -- to the original collector , Allen Eaton , because he wanted to display them in an exhibition that would help tell the story of the incarceration of 120,000 innocent people , ' reads a Change.org petition . ` Dean of American crafts ' : The pieces were from the collection of ` dean of American crafts ' Allen Eaton . ` Eaton opposed the incarceration and this sale goes against his intent for a public exhibition that received official support , ' opponents of the sale claimed . ` Eaton opposed the incarceration and this sale goes against his intent for a public exhibition that received official support . ' According to NBC News , Rago Arts and Auction Center acknowledged the ` uncertain ethical landscape ' of the sale . Their statement said , in part : . ` There is an essential discussion to be had about the sale of historical items that are a legacy of man 's inhumanity to man . ` It extends beyond what is legal . It is something auction houses , galleries and dealers are faced with regularly . We hope this controversy will be the beginning of a discourse on this issue . ' George Takei -LRB- pictured -RRB- was taken with his family to a Japanese internment camp in Arkansas for he duration of WWII starting at the age of 5 . Roughly 120,000 Japanese Americans were incarcerated at 10 relocation camps after the December 7 , 1941 , Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor . The ten camps were located in : . Amache , Colorado ; Gila River , Arizona ; Heart Mountain , Wyoming ; Jerome , Arkansas ; Manzanar , California ; Minidoka , Idaho ; Poston , Arizona ; Rohwer , Arkansas ; Topaz , Utah ; and Tule Lake , California . A third of those in the camps had been born in Japan and were not allowed to own land in some states or become naturalized U.S. citizens , writes History.com . Rumors fueled by racial prejudice spread following the Pearl Harbor and suggestive a sabotage plot among Japanese-Americans . President Roosevelt signed , Executive Order 9066 , which forced families and Japanese-Americans young and old out of their homes and into the cramped camps . Among them was 5-year-old George Takei , who was kicked out of his Los Angeles home along with his family in . ` We were in the living room - my brother and I - looking out the window and we saw two American soldiers marching up the driveway , ' Takei recalled on The Daily Show . ` We were literally ordered out of our home at gunpoint . ' The family was taken to the Rohwer , Arkansas camp . They were forced to live there for the duration of the war , according to NBC News . Years later , Takei would still remember something his father said after the harrowing experience . ` Our democracy is a people 's democracy , ' he said . ` And it can be as great as people can be , but it is also as fallible as people are . ' Forced into camps : Roughly 120,000 Japanese Americans were incarcerated at 10 relocation camps after the December 7 , 1941 , Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor . The ten camps were located in : Amache , Colorado ; Gila River , Arizona ; Heart Mountain , Wyoming ; Jerome , Arkansas ; Manzanar , California ; Minidoka , Idaho ; Poston , Arizona ; Rohwer , Arkansas ; Topaz , Utah ; and Tule Lake , California .