Luke Rockhold staked his claim in New Jersey as the top middleweight contender in the UFC . Up next , Rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York . Rockhold capped a brief and brilliant appearance in the cage with a rear naked choke at 2:32 of the second round and made Lyoto Machida tap to win a main event showdown between two of the top middleweights in UFC on Saturday night . Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey . Rockhold celebrates his victory and now wants a shot at the middleweight title . ` I am the No 1 contender , ' Rockhold said . ` I 'm the best guy around . ' Rockhold should be next in line for a pay-per-view title shot in the 185-pound division . With a dominant win over the 36-year-old Machida , he positioned himself to take on the winner of the UFC 187 fight next month between Chris Weidman and Vitor Belfort . Machida never put up much of a fight in his brief stint in the cage . Rockhold lost on his UFC debut in 2013 , then rebounded with wins over Costas Philippou , Tim Boetsch , Michael Bisping . He won his third straight fight via submission and looked at his best at the Prudential Center . ` I did my part , ' Rockhold said . ` Weidman , you 're going to do your part . Let 's take this across the way . Madison Square Garden , let 's make history . ' Rockhold was dominant from the first bell as he cruised to victory against Machida . Machida was marked up badly after the first round and did n't last long in the second session . MMA would have to become legalized in New York for that bout to happen . The Senate again approved a bill to legalize and regulate the combat sport that includes boxing , judo , wrestling and kickboxing . UFC remained hopeful that the assembly will finally approve the bill that would allow the promotion to stage a dream card in December at MSG . ` If it does n't happen , it 'll be crazy , ' UFC President Dana White said . Jacare Souza , the No 1 ranked middleweight , made short work of Chris Camozzi in the co-main event . Souza won with an armbar submission at 2:33 of the first round . Jacare Souza -LRB- right -RRB- grapples with Chris Camozzi on his way to victory in the first round . Souza needed less than five minutes to earn victory and also wants a middleweight title shot . Souza , who lost to Rockhold in his Strikeforce days , hoped he could earn a shot at Weidman 's title with a fight against Olympic silver medalist Yoel Romero . But when Romero was injured , Camozzi stepped in on short notice - and a shorter fight . Souza won his eighth straight UFC fight and hoped a month ago a win would mean his name would get called next for a middleweight title fight . Machida-Rockhold and Souza-Romero would have been a Final Four showcase of the best of the UFC middleweight contenders . But Romero 's last-minute scratch meant Souza likely has a longer wait for the biggest fight of his UFC career . ` I want to get the shot at the title next , ' Souza said . ` It 's my time . I 'm coming off five victories . '