The celebrations will continue long after Barnet 's delirious supporters are cleared off the pitch as the club returned to the Football League following a two-year absence . Three points were all that separated Barnet from the Conference title , and two goals from Mauro Vilhete ensured Martin Allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . This was a potential banana skin . Lose or draw , and Bristol Rovers would have taken Barnet 's place . Yet those in the South West will have to make do with the play-offs . There was to be no drama on this finale . Mauro Vilhete -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with Curtis Weston after opening the scoring for Barnet on Saturday . Vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as Barnet defeated Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference clash . Barnet clinched a return to the Football League on Saturday following a two-year absence . Barnet fans invade the pitch after the final whistle as their team win promotion back to the Football League . Barnet manager Martin Allen celebrates with goalkeeper Graham Stack after securing the Conference title . BARNET : Stack ; Yiadom , Johnson , N'Gala , Stephens ; Weston , Togwell , Vilhete -LRB- Saville 89 -RRB- , Clifford ; Gash , Akinde -LRB- Villa 89 -RRB- . Subs not used : MacDonald , Muggleton , Gambin . Goals : Vilhete -LRB- 25 , 49 -RRB- . Booked : Weston . GATESHEAD : Bartlett ; Pattinson , Curtis , Clark , Baxter ; Chandler , Gillies -LRB- Shaw 57 -RRB- , Finnigan ; Rodman -LRB- Ramshaw 46 -RRB- , Sainte-Luce ; Rankine . Subs not used : Dixon , Allan , Orrell . Referee : Darren England . Attendance : 5,233 . Gateshead played their part in the script to perfection , and were continually on the back foot . Allen made sure of that by being the most animated figure at the sold-out Hive . There is just something about this club that keeps attracting the man nicknamed Mad Dog back . Yet he looked ready to pull his hair out after just four minutes when John Akinde cut the ball back for Michael Gash , only for the Barnet attacker 's tame shot to be cleared off the line by Jamie Chandler . Barnet were dominating , while Gateshead were simply surviving . Yet the breakthrough arrived in the 25th minute . A straightforward set-piece resulted in a free header for one of the smallest men on the pitch . Vilhete rose highest , and eased the tension . No reaction from Allen . No clenched fist . Nothing . He simply turned away , and walked back to his seat . There was still work to do . They could have made it two shortly after , when captain Curtis Weston 's volley met the crossbar . It was beginning to look like Gateshead were in for a long afternoon , and so they were . The daylight arrived in the 48th minute . Michael Gash 's header was instinctively kept out by Gateshead goalkeeper Adam Bartlett , but the rebound was not . Vilhete made no mistake , thumping the ball home from just three yards out . This time , Allen celebrated . Yet Gateshead wanted to remind them they were still there . A header from Carl Finnigan was denied by the out-stretched hand of goalkeeper Adam Bartlett . As good a save you would ever see , no matter which division . That was about as close Gateshead came to threatening the champions on a day that belonged to Barnet . Champions : Barnet . Play-off qualification : Bristol Rovers , Grimsby Town , Eastleigh and Forest Green Rovers . Relegated : Alfreton , Telford United , Dartford , Nuneaton . The title-winning victory ensures Allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . The Barnet team celebrate with the trophy after clinching promotion on Saturday .