More than four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists -- and a further 20 million unable to get a doctor 's appointment within a week if the Tories are re-elected , Labour claimed today . Ed Balls and the shadow health secretary Andy Burnham made the stark warning this morning , warning that the NHS ` can not survive ' another five years of the Tories in government . The Labour frontbenchers , launching a week of Labour attacks on the NHS , said there had been a ` dramatic decline in standards ' in the NHS over the past five years . Shadow chancellor Ed Balls said if standards continued to decline at the current rate , then by 2020 millions more will face long waits in a & e and long waits to see GPs . He said if standards continued to decline at the current rate then by 2020 millions more will face long waits in a & e and long waits to see GPs . Ambulance response times for the most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes , 500,000 fewer older people will receive social care and 600,000 people will be forced to wait for more than four hours on trolleys on a & e , Mr Burnham warned . Labour said the figures were based on the latest official NHS data . In the latest GP-patient Survey , 10.9 per cent of people say they were unable to get an appointment with a GP the last time they tried . This is up from 9.6 per cent in 2012 . On this trend , by 2020 , 14.8 per cent of people , some 8.4 million people , will be unable to get a GP appointment . A further 14.4 per cent of people are now waiting more than a week for a GP appointment . This is up from 12.0 per cent in 2012 . If this trend continues , some 21.7 per cent of people -- more than 12.3 million people -- will wait a week or more . A further two million a year will be forced to wait over four hours in a & e -- up from 1.4 million last year and just 350,000 in 2009/10 . Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists -- and a further 20 million unable to get a doctor 's appointment within a week if the Tories are re-elected . Hospital waiting lists are also set to spike , Labour said . In May 2010 , there were 2.57 million people on the English waiting list -- but by February this year , this had grown to 3.15 million . On this trend , there will be 3.8 million people on the waiting list by May 2020 . Labour said more than 100,000 operations will be cancelled in 2020 -- up from . Over 27,000 operations will be cancelled every year in 2020 -- up from 13,000 in 2010 -- with 600,000 a year waiting longer than four hours on trolleys . Nicola Sturgeon today attempted to trump Labour on the NHS with a pledge to increase its budget by more than £ 8billion . Ambulance call out times are also under growing pressure , Labour said . In April 2011 , the average ambulance response time for immediately life-threatening call-outs was 5.30 minutes . By February 2015 response times had risen by 1.6 minutes to 6.91 minutes . If this trend were to continue over the next five years , the average ambulance response time in May 2020 would be 9.12 minutes , an increase of over two thirds on 2010 . The Tories said Labour were using the NHS as a political football . A Conservative spokesperson said : ` This marks a new low in Ed Miliband 's desperate attempts to weaponise the NHS . His credibility on health is in tatters because he refuses to fund the £ 8 billion the NHS needs . ` By building a stronger economy , we have protected and improved the NHS with 9,500 more doctors , 6,900 more nurses , and 1.3 million more life-saving operations every year . ` There is only one threat to the future of our NHS and that is the economic chaos of an Ed Miliband-SNP government . ' The future of the straining health service has become one of the key battlegrounds of the General Election , with Conservatives and Liberal Democrats pledging to find the £ 8 billion health chiefs say is needed by 2020 to prevent it buckling . Labour has refused to commit to providing the same amount but insists it will do ` what is necessary ' and says its £ 2.5 billion spending plans are the only fully-funded proposals put forward so far . In an election dossier on the NHS , Labour accuse the Tories of having a secret plan for NHS charging . It claims public spending under the Conservatives would drop to levels similar to countries that have greater charging in healthcare , such as Switzerland , Mexico and Chile . At the launch of Labour 's week of NHS campaigning , shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said : ` This is the real face of the Tory Party . They have let the cat out of the bag - five more years of David Cameron means more NHS privatisation and charging . ` It is clear that , just like last time , Cameron 's NHS promises have an expiry date of election day stamped on them . He promised no top-down reorganisation and brought forward the biggest-ever top-down reorganisation . If he gets back in , the NHS will be sunk by a toxic mix of cuts and privatisation . ' David Cameron and George Osborne , at a campaign event in Crewe this morning , have accused the Labour Party of using the NHS as a political football . Shadow chancellor Ed Balls added : ` David Cameron is a serial offender when it comes to claims at election time . He broke his promises on the NHS , on VAT and on tax credits last time . And he 'll break his promises again . ` Because on top of their extreme spending plans to double the cuts next year , the Tories have made billions of pounds of unfunded commitments in this election , including £ 10 billion of tax cuts and billions of pounds for rail fare freezes and paid time off for public servants to volunteer . ` And these unfunded promises will come before the NHS in the queue . ' In a speech to the Scottish Trades Union Congress Mr Miliband will say : ` The Tory plans on the NHS are a double deceit . ` They are not being straight about their extreme plans to double the cuts to public services next year . ` And they are not being straight when they promise to protect the NHS , but can not say where a penny of additional money will come from . ` This double deceit is a double danger to the NHS . They have extreme spending plans and they ca n't tell us where the money is coming from . ` David Cameron poses a risk to the very fabric and foundation of our NHS . ` That 's why we will fight every day to May 7 to stop a Tory plan that threatens our NHS . ` And it 's why we have a different approach . ` A fully funded plan , with a mansion tax on properties worth over £ 2 million to pay for more nurses and doctors in every part of the United Kingdom . '