Ed Miliband 's US adviser pays no tax in Britain on his reported £ 300,000 salary , he has admitted . David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama and was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year . He has helped refine Mr Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share . Advisor : David Axelrod -LRB- right -RRB- masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama -LRB- left -RRB- . They are pictured together in February 2008 on a campaign aircraft in Idaho , nine months before his first win . And he will have been aware of Labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week . But speaking in the US where he is promoting his autobiography , Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK . Asked whether he pays tax in Britain , he told the Daily Telegraph : ` I do n't do my accounting so I do n't know but I 'm not in residence there . ' Labour confirmed it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through his consultancy firm and that he ` lives in the US , works in the US and pays taxes in the US ' . Hired by the Labour leader : Mr Axelrod -LRB- right -RRB- has helped refine Ed Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share . Mr Axelrod makes infrequent visits to the UK to meet Mr Miliband and also offers advice by phone . Mr Miliband made his crackdown on those do not pay tax on their foreign earnings a key pledge in his manifesto . Some remain ` non-domiciled ' for tax despite spending most of their time in the UK but others , critics of Mr Miliband have claimed , are genuinely only in the country for short periods . Labour frontbenchers have expressed concerns that despite his high salary , Mr Axelrod has been ` invisible ' ahead of polling day . His biography does not mention his work for Mr Miliband . It is understood that Lynton Crosby , the Conservatives ' Australian election chief , pays full taxes on his earnings in both the UK and Australia , however he is currently working full-time in the UK . David Axelrod : Two presidential triumphs in the US . Behind David Axelrod 's self-confessed ` tired and rumpled ' appearance lies one of the sharpest political brains of his generation . He won fame in the US after helping to convince Americans to pick their first black president in 2008 and then helped Barack Obama 's re-election four years later . But the two presidential triumphs are only the highest profile in a string of Democrat successes that have made the 60-year-old New Yorker a back room political superstar . It began 30 years ago when , fresh from quitting his job as the youngest ever political editor of the Chicago Tribune , he helped oust a three-term Republican senator for Illinois . Three years later , he was a key member of the team that helped re-elect Chicago 's first black mayor Harold Washington . But he has not been as successful in Europe . Former Italian prime minister Mario Monti secured only 10.5 per cent of the vote in Italy in 2013 despite the guru 's advice .