Father-of-two : Paul Doyle , 56 , has been jailed after being unmasked as the head of drugs ring . A gangster who lived a life of luxury in a mansion near Premier League footballers has been jailed for 16 years after being unmasked as the head of a drugs ring . Father-of-two Paul Doyle , 56 , moved his family into an £ 820,000 home in Altrincham , Cheshire , despite having never worked and living life ` on tick ' and incapacity handouts . Doyle - described as a ` well-known and colourful character ' in his native Salford - put down a £ 200,000 deposit and obtained a £ 600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife Jeanette , 49 , worked as a company executive . But his family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood in Altrincham where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around the streets and later received an Asbo for terrorising other local children who complained of being robbed and beaten up . Police kept watch on the family 's home where Doyle chopped down the huge front hedge so he could check for unwanted visitors outside . He was eventually arrested during a raid on his five-bedroom house after a major investigation into the supply of various drugs in the North of England , which culminated in the seizure of £ 15million of cocaine and a haul of heroin . The family have since lost the property and Mrs Doyle is now living in a council house in Salford . Doyle admitted supplying class A and B drugs , between 2012 and 2014 , plus money laundering and benefit fraud offences at Manchester Crown Court . He now faces a proceeds of crime hearing . Going in : Police are seen raiding Doyle 's £ 820,000 five-bedroom home in Altrincham , Cheshire , in July 2014 . Luxurious life : Doyle put down a £ 200,000 deposit and obtained a £ 600,000 mortgage on the property -LRB- above -RRB- by falsely claiming his wife Jeanette , 49 , worked as a company executive . The court heard Doyle had bought the house as his ` dream family home ' in 2004 after being freed from a seven-year jail term for cocaine and cannabis dealing plus assault . He was claiming tax credits and other handouts , saying two heart attacks made him unable to work . But he fraudulently claimed Mrs Doyle earned £ 197,000 a year as a ` project executive ' for a lettings firm and she was given a mortgage of £ 616,000 . Monthly mortgage repayments were about £ 3,000 but the accounts were consistently in arrears . And in June 2006 Doyle took out loans totalling £ 83,000 with finance companies by making similar false representations about Mrs Doyle 's income - and even acquired a new BMW vehicle . Despite the late mortgage payments Doyle paid £ 450,000 into his and his wife 's bank accounts over a six-year period between 2006 and 2012 . On average monthly deposits of £ 5,778 were made totalling around £ 77,000 per year . Police began secretly filming Doyle and started to track his car . It emerged he helped finance a cocaine deal in which drugs were brought into the country by couriers who travelled to the UK from France on fishing boats . Entering : The family have since lost the property and Mrs Doyle is now living in a council house in Salford . Going in : Doyle 's family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around the streets and later received an Asbo for terrorising other local children . Up to 4.2 lbs -LRB- 1.9 kg -RRB- of heroin and 170 lbs -LRB- 77 kg -RRB- of cocaine landed in the UK - but police began arresting Doyle 's accomplices , and he got directly involved in deals himself . He organised a collection of 2.2 lbs -LRB- 1 kg -RRB- of heroin in Wigan , and then started running a wholesale supply line in cannabis , involving up to 88 lbs -LRB- 40 kg -RRB- , and amphethamines , amounting to around 44 lbs -LRB- 20 kg -RRB- , to crime families in Barrow-in-Furness and Carlisle in Cumbria . He was eventually caught in May last year with 6.6 lbs -LRB- 3 kg -RRB- of amphetamines in Salford . Whilst in jail on remand police decoded conversations in which Doyle chatted about drugs - one in which he talked about how a friend ` wanted his hoover back ' - linking him to a Cumbrian heroin dealer who hid just an ounce of the drug inside his Henry vacuum cleaner . Suspicion : Despite the late mortgage payments Doyle paid £ 450,000 into his and his wife 's bank accounts over a six-year period between 2006 and 2012 . Home : Doyle was claiming tax credits and other handouts , saying two heart attacks made him unable to work . Other recorded conversations heard Doyle use the codeword ` downstairs ' for heroin , which police were able to work out because of the timing and context of the conversations . Altrincham , a market town near Manchester Airport , is the location of four of the ten most expensive streets in the North West . The top-priced road has an average property value of £ 2.5 million . Manchester City stars James Milner and Joe Hart live in the Altrincham area , in homes worth £ 3.3 million and £ 2.9 million respectively , and Ireland assistant boss Roy Keane is said to have a house there . The local residents also include ex-England international Emily Heskey , who now plays for Bolton Wanderers in the Championship and lives in a £ 3million six-bedroom house with his wife Chantelle . The Hale area of Altrincham was reported to be home to at least 33 Premier League footballers as of 2010 - including Liverpool , Everton and Manchester United players . Ian McMeekin , defending , said the case was the ` decline and fall of a drug dealer ' . He said Doyle once had a building supply business and when buildings were demolished he would broker on the stolen brick . He added : ` He is a well known local , born and raised in Salford . He is well known as a colourful character . ' He added that he also undertook protection work in West Africa and China where he was working legitimately but while not paying income tax . He said he was also provided with income from dog breeding . Mr McMeekin said : ` He did n't involve his wife through pressure or influence . He operated alone and in ignorance . His wife 's salary was ridiculously high , ought to make anyone question the legitimacy of the application . ` The defendant has nothing left apart from his family - the house has gone . His ruin is complete and he must accept the whole responsibility for it . ' Sentencing , Judge Richard Mansell QC told Doyle he had ` barefaced gall ' to claim benefits and added : ` I 'm quite satisfied that you played a lead role in all of your offences . ` You had close links to the original sources of the drugs and you directed and organised the sale of drugs on a commercial scale . You plainly did make a lot of money from these enterprises - where it has gone is another matter . ' He described Doyle as ` the head of an organised criminal gang ' , who continued to orchestrate the business from behind bars because he had ` loyal servants working on the outside ' .