On Friday night I 'll be wearing Bath 's No 6 shirt for the second time in a Premiership game . The switch from midfield has worked for myself and the team , so I 'm hoping I can carry on playing in the back row for the rest of this season . The change of position was a decision my head coach , Mike Ford , made after the Champions Cup quarter-final against Leinster . He phoned me a day after that game to discuss playing me in the back row to maximize my on-field minutes in our run home , to what I call ` the big dance ' : that 's the finals . He thought No 6 would suit the way we are trying to play as a team and also suit my personal strengths and I agreed . Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for Bath on Friday night . Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow . Burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny . In league , for nine years , my game has been about taking short balls and looking for holes . At Bath , that is what our forwards do , so moving into the pack makes sense and allows me more time on the field , which is what I need to keep improving my union brain . We 've got , hopefully , five weeks left in the Premiership and if all goes well I will stay at six , but I do n't want to be pigeon-holed . I 've found that has happened a lot since I switched codes . Whether I 'm playing at 12 , playing at 13 or playing at six , to me , it does n't make much difference to my attitude . I 've found only subtle differences between the positions . Despite enjoying playing at flanker , I have not given up on a centre spot in my future in the game . I had a go at six earlier in the season in a couple of A-league games , but obviously that is not the same standard . Now , I feel more comfortable at the breakdown than I did a few months ago and I 'm even getting to grips with the line-out . Burgess began his union career in the centre but is set to finish the season as a back rower . I find myself on the ball more , but I was disappointed by a few dropped balls . I never seemed to drop the ball as much in league ! We 're addressing that now -- my technique going into contact can improve . In union , you can contest for the ball more in the tackle than you can in league , so I 've had to adapt a bit . I was maybe leading with the ball a bit too much . Another subtle difference between the codes is that in union players throw spin passes whereas in league , I was used to end-over-end passes . Now I 've played in two positions , it is interesting to compare them . When I was in midfield , I thought that being a back was tougher and now I am in the pack , I realise that the forwards are the ones putting in the hard yards , but I 'm sure if I go back into the backline , I 'll change my mind again ! It was a great experience to spend time with the England squad . Burgess makes a strong carry during Bath 's European Champions Cup clash with Montpellier in December . It was fantastic for me to rub shoulders with those players and pick up a few tips . I did n't go in there with any mind-set other than to be myself and enjoy spending time with players I would n't normally get to sit down and have a brew with . Training was intense and I enjoyed it . You never know when the opportunity will come round again , so I just tried to make the most of it . Stuart -LRB- Lancaster -RRB- wants me to do well in the game and wants me to be around the top players in that environment as much as possible , which is great . The former rugby league superstar spent time with Stuart Lancaster 's England squad during the Six Nations . He just told me to keep doing what I 've been doing . Obviously he has some pretty tough decisions to make , but he was pretty straight-up with me about where I stood . He told me I would n't be part of those Six Nations matches , but he was very happy with how I 'm going . I was at the last game against France . It was a great day for the sport and showed how freely people can play when the situation allows it . The atmosphere was unbelievable and the other players I spoke to said it was probably the best atmosphere they had ever experienced at Twickenham . Burgess was recently linked with move back to the NRL with Manly where his brother Luke -LRB- pictured -RRB- plays . That 's why I 'm here ; to be around that sort of atmosphere and to test myself on the best stage . It would have been wonderful to be part of that game . At around that time there were rumours in Australia that Manly wanted me back in the NRL . My brother , Luke , is there and suddenly my name was being mentioned , but anyone who knows my personality knows that there 's no way I would go back until I have given it a very good crack in union . For now , I 'll keep giving my best in that Bath No 6 shirt . Sam Burgess is a Canterbury ambassador and face of the Since 1904 fashion collection . To see the range , visit www.canterbury.com .