Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero struck early on against Manchester United , even though City 's eventual defeat was good news for Liverpool . Argentine striker Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at Old Trafford , and his controversial former City team-mate took the opportunity to lay into his biggest rivals from his time at the Etihad Stadium and at Anfield . Balotelli tweeted : ` Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun !!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD ... Stand up and shut up . ' Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City scored early on in the Manchester derby . Balotelli tweeted : ` Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun !!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD ... Stand up and shut up . ' Sergio Aguero struck after eight minutes to give City the lead but they were blitzed by United in a 4-2 loss . Despite Balotelli 's gloating , the defeat for City is actually more beneficial to his Liverpool side . While United 's blitz of City went on to leave the Italian red-faced anyway , the fact that a defeat for the champions was beneficial for his current club will not have gone unnoticed either . Instead , Balotelli seemed to throw his weight behind his former employers rather than clinging on to Liverpool 's slim hopes of Champions League qualification that look like they will only open up if City 's slump continues . Liverpool - and Balotelli - face Newcastle United on Monday night with the chance of closing the gap on City in fourth to four points in the Barclays Premier League . Controversial striker Balotelli listens in as Brendan Rodgers talks his team through a training session . Balotelli and his Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday clinging to their top four hopes . And with Manuel Pellegrini 's side having lost six of their last eight in all competitions the Anfield club maintain a small chance of taking a top four place , even if it is n't at the top of Balotelli 's list of priorities . The 24-year-old has had his run-ins with the red half of Manchester before , famously celebrating a goal with his ` Why always me ' shirt at Old Trafford in 2011 and clashing with Rio Ferdinand after a win over United at Wembley in the same year .