Vitamin and mineral supplements are becoming more and more popular as health conscious shoppers focus on good nutrition , but do we really need pills to optimise our diet ? Not according to nutritionist and author Sarah Flower , who says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need . ` The cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health . ' she told MailOnline . Scroll down for video . It 's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean , fresh and unprocessed foods , says Sarah Flower . ` The typical western diet is heavily processed and sugar ridden , ' explains Sarah , ` this makes us more susceptible to vitamin and mineral deficiencies . ' And while it may seem like common sense to eat more unprocessed and raw foods , Ms Flower believes we are still not doing enough . ` We are living in a society where it is possible to be overweight and deficient in essential nutrients . ' she continued . ` A diet rich in oily fish , whole grains , lean protein , fruit and vegetables should provide enough nutrients , ' she said . Other factors to consider include your ability to absorb the food - digestive complaints can often impede our ability to absorb nutrients . ` Pregnancy , ill health and the elderly may need more support , ' she said . And menstruating women may benefit from adding oils -LRB- Evening Primrose Oil -RRB- and a multivitamin rich in magnesium to help alleviate PMS symptoms -LRB- Ms Flowers recommends magnesium citrate -RRB- . Always opt for steaming over boiling vegetables and eat as many raw pieces as you can every day . ` Fruit and vegetables not only contain vitamins but also vital phytonutrients , which have an amazing ability to protect us against degenerative diseases such as cancer , Alzheimer 's and heart disease , ' Ms Flowers said . ` The more colourful your plate , the healthier the meal . Junk food tends to be bland and beige . ` Children especially need to be encouraged to try a variety of vegetables . One great incentive is to set up a reward chart for every new food they try . ` Get them into the kitchen as playing with food helps them become less fussy eaters . ' The nutritionist is also a keen advocate of incorporating as much healthy fat as possibly into your diet . ` We have all been encouraged to follow a low fat diet , but we need to start embracing fats , ' she said . ` Oily fish , nuts and seeds contain vital nutrients so ignore the calorie counts and give your body the healthy food it craves and needs . ` Healthy fat does n't make you fat ; a diet rich in processed carbohydrates and sugar makes you fat . ` A high carbohydrate , sugar rich diet keeps you hungry but also stops you absorbing vital nutrients , causes depression , fatigue and energy dips . Instead of taking supplements , eat 100g of dark chocolate -LRB- left -RRB- or six oysters -LRB- right -RRB- for zinc . ` Eat real food and your body with thank you for it . ' The foods listed below are some of the highest per vitamin and mineral . However , how you cook and prepare the food is vital . Vitamins are depleted during processing and cooking , so try to steam vegetables instead of boil , give a quick stir-fry and eat as many raw whole fruits and vegetables every day . ' VITAMIN A . RNI -LRB- Reference Nutritional Intake -RRB- : 700ug -LRB- micrograms -RRB- for men and 600ug for women per day . Eat : One portion of liver a week will ensure adequate Vitamin A . Why you need it : Vitamin A is a fat soluble vitamin . We can produce our own Vitamin A by eating carotenoids . Think orange or yellow foods such as carrots , mangoes , papayas and sweet potatoes . Liver , eggs , cheese and yoghurt also contain the best sources of Vitamin A. Ensure you have adequate levels of zinc and iron as deficiencies in these can deplete Vitamin A. CALCIUM . RNI : 700 mg a day but this figure does vary depending on your personal circumstances and health . Think about how to boost your everyday foods as basic switches can really boost your nutrient content . Eat : 120g -LRB- or one tin -RRB- of sardines provides 500 mg of calcium ; spring greens contain 200 mg per 100g ; sesame seeds contain 160 mg per tablespoons ; three dried figs contain 150 mg of calcium . Why you need it : Calcium makes up your bones and keeps them strong . 99 per cent of the calcium in your body is stored in bones and teeth . The remaining one per cent is in your blood and soft tissues , and is essential for life and health . Increase your green leafy vegetables for usable calcium . Other sources include dairy , nuts , soya beans and fish . Too much refined sugar and high protein diets can increase your need for calcium . VITAMIN B12 -LRB- Cobalamin -RRB- . RNI : 1.5 ug or 2.5 mcg per day . Eat : 4g of yeast extract -LRB- roughly what you would use on one slice of toast -RRB- . A 200g to 240g salmon fillet provides 5mcg of B12 ; shellfish ; cow 's liver ; crab ; fortified tofu products ; red meat , cheese , and eggs . Why you need it : B12 deficiency can cause anemia , fatigue , depression and has even been linked to dementia . Vegans need to be especially careful to maintain their B12 levels . Although you can get a little B12 from some vegetable sources , it is hard to digest and utilise so look at adding yeast extract and nutrition yeast flakes which give a ` cheesy ' flavour to foods . If in doubt , use a multi vitamin or blend of B vitamins . Best sources are found in liver , red meat , chicken , and oily fish . You can also find B12 in dairy products . VITAMIN C . RNI : 40 mg a day . If you take too much vitamin C -LRB- probably through supplementation -RRB- , you will get loose stools and stomach cramps , so that is your indication to cut back . Eat : A 250g punnet of strawberries gives you 145 mg of Vitamin C ; one kiwi fruit gives you around 64 mg of vitamin C . Why you need it : Vitamin C is needed to keep our immune system in tiptop condition but is also needed for collagen formation , wound healing , gum health and cardiovascular health . You need vitamin C to utilise iron so if you are anemic , ensure you have adequate amounts of both . Cooking can destroy vitamin C so it is important to try to get some raw sources into your diet every day . 100g of liver -LRB- left -RRB- will give you 23 mg of iron . Spread a yeast extract such as Marmite on your toast -LRB- right -RRB- for Vitamin B12 . VITAMIN E . RNI : 4 mg per day . Eat : 100g of almonds provides you will 26 mg ; 100g of sunflower seeds give you 36 mg ; 100g of wheat germ provides you with 30 mg of Vitamin E . Why you need it : Vitamin E is another fat soluble vitamin and as a powerful antioxidant , helps protect us from free radical damage , helps ease PMT , heals skin , reduces cholesterol and protects against cardiovascular disease . Vitamin E works better alongside vitamin C and selenium . The best source of vitamin E is wheat germ , oils made from seeds -LRB- sunflower oils , olive oil , almond oils -RRB- and nuts and seeds . ZINC . RNI : Men require slightly more zinc than women ; 9 mg for men and 7 mg for women . Eat : Six oysters will give you 30 mg of zinc ; 100g of dark chocolate is one whole bar of Green & Blacks . Why you need it : Zinc is another great antioxidant , helping to support the immune system , aiding protein synthesis , maintaining sex health , and plays an vital role for maintaining a healthy heart . Processed foods and high sugar diets can lead to a deficiency in zinc , so opt for a diet rich in lean protein , eggs , seafood 's , nuts , seeds , whole grains and some dairy . VITAMIN K . RNI : On average you need 1mcg per kilogram of weight ; for example , someone who is 70 kg would need 7mcg per day . Eat : 100g of kale gives you over 800mcg of Vitamin K . Why you need it : Vitamin K is needed for blood clotting , wound healing and bone health . The richest sources of vitamin K are found in green leafy vegetables , particularly Swiss chard , kale , broccoli and spinach . You can also find sources in tomatoes , olive oil , parsley and pepper . MAGNESIUM . RNI : 300 mg per day . Eat : 125g fillet of mackerel gives you 116 mg of magnesium ; 100g of pumpkin seeds provides you with 530 mg ; spinach gives you 70 mg per 100g ; dark chocolate gives you 327 mg per 100g . Why you need it : Magnesium is vital for health and most women are deficient . It works in balance with calcium , helps combat stress and eases muscle tension . There is very little magnesium is not involved in . from energy synthesis right through to the metabolism of carbohydrates . When boosting your magnesium levels , opt for whole grains , nuts and seeds , green leafy vegetables , lentils and figs . Calcium makes up your bones and keeps them strong . 120g of sardines provide 500 mg of calcium . IRON . RNI : 8.7 mg per day and up to 14 mg for menstruating women per day . Eat : 100g of liver will give you 23 mg of iron ; pumpkin seeds 15 mg per 100g ; dark chocolate 17 mg per 100g . Why you need it : Iron is needed to transport oxygen around the body and deficiency can cause anemia and fatigue . If you are increasing your iron intake , ensure you also increase your Vitamin C as this is needed to utilise iron efficiently . Iron is found in red meats , particularly liver , nuts , seeds , beans , whole grains , and green leafy vegetables . The good news is it is also found in dark chocolate . VITAMIN B6 -LRB- also known as pyridozine -RRB- . RNI : 1.4 mg per day . Eat : One large banana gives you roughly 0.50 mg of B6 ; one tin of tuna gives you 1.2 mg of B6 ; . 100g of sunflower seeds provides you with 1.3 mg of B6 ; 100g of bananas gives you 0.37 mg ; 100g of black-eyed beans gives you 0.36 mg of B6 . Why you need it : Vitamin B6 is needed for the breakdown of proteins and plays a vital role in energy production . It also works alongside iron aiding the transportation of oxygen and maintaining heart health . B6 also works well alongside magnesium and Vitamin E in aiding PMT and mild depression . Once again , rich sources are found in liver , whole grains , brown rice and pulses .