This is remarkable moment a teenage boy was found alive in a collapsed building five days after the Nepal earthquake struck . Crowds cheered as Pema Lama , 15 , was pulled , dazed and dusty , from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu after he became ` pancaked ' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday . He was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck . He appeared stunned and his eyes blinked in the sunlight . His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from the rubble of their house . Scroll down for videos . Miracle survival : Pema Lama , 15 , is rescued from the collapsed Hilton Hotel in Kathmandu five days after becoming trapped in the rubble during the devastating earthquake that struck the country on Saturday . Emergency medical attention : The boy was carried out in a stretcher . His face was covered in dust and medics had put an IV drop into his arm and a brace around his neck . An American disaster response team had been working for several hours to try to free the trapped boy . The rescue was a rare bit of good news in a city that has known little but despair since the earthquake hit on Saturday , leaving more than 5,500 people dead across the poverty-stricken Himalayan nation . An American disaster response team had been working for several hours to try to the 15-year-old boy from the seven-storey Hilton Guesthouse . Speaking shortly before he was rescued , Andrew Olvera , who was heading the team from the U.S. Agency for International Development , said : ` He 's not too far down . ` But the floors have collapsed and he 'd pancaked between them . ' Twisted ropes of steel rebar were all that were holding huge concrete slabs from falling onto the scene . Two concrete floors were hanging down in front like curtains . ` The whole operation is dangerous , ' he said . ` But its risk versus gain . To save a human life , we 'll risk almost anything . ' The boy had been ` pancaked ' between two floors , according to Andrew Olvera , who is heading the team from the U.S. Agency for International Development who freed him . Twisted ropes of steel rebar were all that were holding huge concrete slabs from falling onto the teenager . Heroic effort : Members of the Nepalese Armed Police Force carry their officer as they cheer after successfully rescuing earthquake survivor Pema Lama , 15 , from the collapsed Hilton Hotel in Kathmandu . Meanwhile , the mother of a baby rescued after being trapped in rubble has told over her ` overwhelming ' joy at being reunited with her child . Five-month-old Sonit Awal was pulled from the ruins of his family home after his heart-broken mother was forced to listen to his cries for 22 anguished hours . Today mother Rasmila Awal thanked ` God and the rescuers ' for saving the infant from death . Mrs Awal , 35 , tells MailOnline : ` I am so happy to have my baby back . I 'm so happy that he is alive . ' Sonish was asleep in his cot upstairs when the walls of his home came crashing down around him . His parents and older sister , aged 10 , were outside when the tremor struck and desperately tried to reach him . Joy : Five-month-old Sonit Awal was pulled from the ruins of his family home after his heart-broken mother was forced to listen to his cries for 22 anguished hours . Relief : Sister Soniya Awal , 10 , father Shyam Awal , 34 , mother Rasmila Awal , 35 , with baby Sonit Awal in front of their devastated house . Father Shyam Awal worked tirelessly with friends and neighbours to try to free the boy , digging with their bare hands through the rubble . But without the proper equipment it was impossible . The frantic mother could not sleep or eat throughout the 22-hour separation from her young son . She said : ` I could think of nothing else but trying to save my baby . I was very sad . I did not eat . I did not sleep . I could hear him crying from the ruins of our home . ' However , following appeals for help , overstretched Nepalese troops arrived to finally embark on a coordinated rescue mission . Mr Awal , 34 , a truck driver told MailOnline : ` The baby was saved by a cupboard . He had been lying in his bit by the side of the bed . ` When the walls fell down they knocked a cupboard over and it became wedged by the side of the bed . My son was safe with the cupboard protecting him . ' Now the family are homeless and living in the street under a tarpaulin opposite their house . The once smart four-storey structure lies in ruins across the road . Rescued : This is the incredible moment that a four-month-old earthquake survivor was pulled alive from the rubble of his collapsed home following the 7.8-magnitude tremor which shattered Nepal . Saved : The baby boy , who emerged from the wreckage covered in dust , was miraculously found amid the devastation by rescue workers who heard the infant 's faint cries . Second chance : The military search team had already scoured the area near to the child 's home in Bhaktapur , Kathmandu , in the hope of finding the little boy . But they had moved on after believing he had not survived . Team work : The military team then found the young boy when they returned to the area for the second time . The gap showing the hole where the baby was buried alive for nearly one whole day after his home collapsed . Another survivor who was trapped under rubble next to dead bodies for 82 hours has had one of his legs amputated , it was revealed today . Rishi Khanal , 27 , had just finished lunch at a hotel in Kathmandu when the 7.8-magnitude quake caused the building to crumble around him . He became trapped with his foot crushed under rubble and stayed alive by drinking his own urine . Doctors said they were forced to amputate a leg because of damage from prolonged internal bleeding . Their survival stories are a rare bit of good news in a city that has known little but despair since the earthquake hit , leaving more than 5,500 people dead across the Himalayan nation . Today , rescuers toiled in pouring rain among the debris , but officials said the chance of finding any more survivors was bleak as the death toll neared 5,500 . ` I was certain I was going to die ' : Rishi Khanal is carried out of a collapsed hotel in Kathmandu on a stretcher after being trapped under rubble for 82 hours following the earthquake that struck Nepal four days ago . Relief : Mr Khanal said he was surrounded by dead bodies . But he kept banging on the rubble all around him and eventually this brought a French rescue team that extracted him after an operation lasting many hours . While rescue teams were out in the capital Kathmandu despite the rain , helicopters could not fly to the worst-hit areas in the countryside of the impoverished Himalayan nation . ` There may not be any more survivors , ' said Rameshwor Dandal , chief of the disaster management centre at Nepal 's home ministry . ` The rain is adding to the problems . Nature seems to be against us . ' Anger over the slow pace of the rescue flared yesterday with protests outside parliament . Villagers blocked trucks carrying supplies , demanding the government do more to hasten the distribution of aid that has flooded into the country but has been slow to reach those in need . An official from Nepal 's home ministry said the number of confirmed deaths from Saturday 's 7.8 magnitude earthquake had risen to 5,489 by Thursday morning . Almost 11,000 were injured , and more than 80 were also killed in neighbouring India and Tibet . Many people have been sleeping in the open after the quake - the United Nations has said 600,000 houses were destroyed or damaged . Workers excavate bodies as they take part in a rescue operation at Kolache-2 in Bhaktapur near Kathmandu . Countries and organisations around the world have rushed to help Nepal , where the massive 7.8 magnitude quake has killed around 5,000 people . A Nepalese woman holds her baby in front of the wreckage of a house destroyed by the quake in Gorkha . Lives ruined : People sort through the rubble of buildings which collapsed in Sathighar , north of Kathmandu . It has said eight million people have been affected , with at least two million in need of tents , water , food and medicines over the next three months . Dandal said foreign rescue teams had told him that their work is almost done because there is little chance of finding any survivors . Nepal is appealing to foreign governments for more helicopters . There are currently about 20 Nepali army , private and Indian army helicopters involved in rescue operations , according to Laxmi Prasad Dhakal , a home ministry official . China is expected to send helicopters today , he said . Prime Minister Sushil Koirala has told Reuters the death toll could reach 10,000 , with information on casualties and damage from far-flung villages and towns yet to come in . Nepalese soldiers use lime powder as a prevention measure against disease at a tent site in Kathmandu . People walk past a collapsed building in the UNESCO world heritage site of Bhaktapur outside Kathmandu . That would surpass the 8,500 who died in a 1934 earthquake , the last disaster on this scale to hit the nation of 28 million people sandwiched between India and China . In Kathmandu and other cities , hospitals quickly overflowed with injured soon after the quake , with many being treated out in the open or not at all . Guna Raj , who works for a Kathmandu-based NGO specialising in providing sanitation , said there have been outbreaks of diarrhoea in relief camps because of a shortage of toilets and clean water . ` In the next few days or weeks I am sure there will be an outbreak of epidemics , ' said Raj , who is involved in the relief effort . Tensions between foreigners and Nepalis desperate for relief surfaced , rescuers said , as fresh avalanches were reported in several areas . Members of Israeli search-and-rescue group Magnus said hundreds of tourists , including about 100 Israelis , were airlifted out of Langtang in Rasuwa district , a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu hit by an avalanche on Tuesday . But at least two foreigners , whose nationalities were as yet unknown , were found dead , the home ministry said . Fights had broken out there because of food shortages , Magnus team member Amit Rubin said . One of the trekkers said there had also been scuffles over places on the rescue helicopters . The quake also triggered an avalanche on Mount Everest that killed at least 18 climbers and guides , including four foreigners , the worst disaster on the world 's highest peak .