Celebrity residents and good commuter links to the City have made Esher in Surrey the country 's number one income tax hotspot , research shows . Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency -- home to Gary Lineker , Frank Lampard , Mick Hucknall and Chris Tarrant -- have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year . They paid the most income tax in 2012/13 , with bills averaging £ 16,900 , almost four times the national average of £ 4,363 , a study by accountancy group UHY Hacker Young found . Celebrity residents and good commuter links to the City have made Esher in Surrey the country 's number one income tax hotspot , research shows . The average annual income is £ 59,600 - more than £ 30,000 above the average gross annual salary . Like Esher , the other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies -- Chesham and Amersham ; Windsor ; Beaconsfield ; and Dorking and Leatherhead -- are in the Home Counties and within an hour 's commute of London . Only one of the top ten constituencies , Tatton in Cheshire , is outside the South-East . Covering Alderley Edge , Wilmslow and Knutsford , the area is another celebrity favourite , attracting residents such as Sir Alex Ferguson , Rio Ferdinand and Andy Cole . At the other end of the list , Stoke-on-Trent Central had the lowest bills , at £ 2,100 - eight times lower than those in Esher . Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency -- home to Gary Lineker -LRB- left -RRB- and Frank Lampard -LRB- right -RRB- -- have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year . The other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies include Windsor -LRB- castle above -RRB- and Beaconsfield . Mark Giddens , of UHY Hacker Young , said : ` The combination of a relatively high density of high earning celebrities and easy transport links to the City of London for those working in financial services , mean that many parliamentary constituencies across the South-East , and Esher in particular , are a real hotspot for the taxman . ` With the tax rate at 45 % for the highest earners , pockets are clearly being created - mainly , but not solely , around the capital - where income tax bills are far outstripping the national average . ` Whether residents of Esher will relish the title of most highly income-taxed area of Britain is doubtful . '