As composed and as comfortable as Manchester City were here at the Etihad , performances like this succeed only in highlighting the full extent of their failure this season . In Sergio Aguero they boast the joint leading scorer in the Barclays Premier League . Here against West Ham he scored his 20th of the campaign . And in David Silva and Jesus Navas , not to mention a seemingly revitalised Yaya Toure , they had players far too accomplished for the quality of this opposition . But such a dominant , determined display must leave the club 's owners wondering why on earth this was only their third win in nine games after a run of six defeats in their previous eight . Why , even when West Ham were as abject as they were until City lost Silva to serious injury , they have been unable to play with such confidence more frequently . Sergio Aguero slotted Manchester City into a two goal lead after a fine flowing counter attack by the home side against West Ham . The Argentine striker sprints away in celebration having fired in his 20th league goal of the season to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the break . Jesus Navas -LRB- right -RRB- , who provided the assist for Aguero , congratulates his team-mate as Manchester City celebrated going 2-0 up at the Etihad . West Ham defender James Collins -LRB- centre -RRB- watches on in despair as his miss-timed clearance loops over Adrian for an own goal . Manchester City -LRB- 4-5-1 -RRB- : Hart 6 ; Zabaleta 6.5 , Demichelis 6 , Mangala 7 , Kolarov 6.5 ; Lampard 6 -LRB- Fernandinho 88 -RRB- , Fernando 6.5 , Navas 8 , Toure 7 , Silva 6.5 -LRB- Nasri 75 -RRB- ; Aguero 7.5 -LRB- Dzeko 90 -RRB- . Subs not used : Sagna , Caballero , Boyata , Pozo . Booked : Navas , Silva . Scorers : Collins OG 18 , Aguero 36 . Manager : Manuel Pellegrini 6.5 . Man of the match : Jesus Navas . West Ham -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Adrian 6 ; Jenkinson 6 , Collins 5 , Reid 5.5 , Cresswell 5.5 ; Noble 5 , Song 5 -LRB- Jarvis 66 -RRB- , Kouyate 6 ; Downing 4.5 , Cole 4.5 -LRB- Nolan 66 -RRB- , Valencia 6 . Subs not used : Carvalho , O'Brien , Amalfitano , Jaaskelainen , Burke . Booked : Kouyate , Downing . Manager : Sam Allardyce 5 . Referee : Anthony Taylor 6.5 . Attendance : 45,041 . Sergio Aguero capped off a fine Manchester City counter attack -LRB- above -RRB- . CLICK HERE to see more from Sportsmail 's MATCH ZONE . Presumably a victory that strengthens City 's position among the Champions League places , on a weekend when Manchester United lost , eases the pressure on Manuel Pellegrini . But there is sure to remain a fair amount of frustration in Abu Dhabi that the last few months have proved so problematic . By the end of this encounter the greater , more pressing , concern was for the welfare of Silva . Injured from what both managers agreed was an accidental elbow in the face from Cheikhou Kouyate midway through the second half , the Spanish international required oxygen before leaving the pitch on a stretcher after eight minutes of treatment . He was then taken to hospital . But other problems nevertheless remain for City 's manager Pellegrini when he had to wake to headlines being generated by the notoriously vocal agent of Toure , who reportedly accused the Chilean of being ` a weak manager ' as well as criticising other prominent members of the club hierarchy , too . Pellegrini was asked to respond but declined to comment . With managers such as Jurgen Klopp now available for hire , these stories are poorly timed for Pellegrini . But he can at least take comfort in the way his team responded to that crushing defeat at Old Trafford the previous weekend . ` After two defeats in a row it was a very important win , ' added Pellegrini . Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini watches on at the Etihad Stadium as his side seeked to get back to winning ways on Sunday . Cheikhou Kouyate -LRB- left -RRB- tries to keep possession under the challenge from Manchester City skipper Yaya Toure . English duo Mark Noble -LRB- left -RRB- and Frank Lampard vie for the ball as West Ham traveled to the Etihad Stadium to take on Manchester City . Aleksandar Kolarov goes down under the challenge of West Ham defender Carl Jenkinson in the penalty area but was only awarded a corner . With another match here at home coming next , against Aston Villa , City 's manager is sure to be encouraged by the form of Aguero . Until Sunday he had failed to score a Premier League goal from open play at the Etihad since November 2 . But the goal he scored in this contest was neatly taken ; much more like the striker City 's subdued supporters have grown to admire . He thrived on the possession City were enjoying -- 75 per cent for the first 15 minutes -- and joined Silva and Alek-sandar Kolarov in threatening West Ham 's goal early on . City 's opening goal , scored after 18 minutes , was an absolute horror for West Ham . First came Aaron Cresswell 's failure to win an aerial contest with the diminutive Navas , and then a spectacular own goal from James Collins . Winger Stewart Downing -LRB- centre -RRB- attempts to avoid the attention of Manchester City full back Aleksandar Kolarov at the Etihad Stadium . Argentine right back Pablo Zabaleta reacts after referee Anthony Taylor awards a freekick to West Ham for a foul on Alex Song -LRB- right -RRB- . Adrian -LRB- centre -RRB- desperately attempts to keep out a deflected James Collins clearance but the ball ends up in the back of the net . In trying to intercept a cross from Navas , the West Ham centre half succeeded only in scoring with a sliced volley , the ball spinning off his boot and over the head of Adrian before flying home via the underside of the crossbar . If it was a little unfortunate for the visitors it remained a product of the pressure City were exerting . A West Ham side probably unsettled by the uncertainty surrounding their own manager offered little in return . Carlton Cole almost seized on a mistake from Martin Demichelis only for Joe Hart to block his shot , while City 's goalkeeper then marked his 28th birthday by denying Enner Valencia . West Ham centre back is left stunned after his mis-timed clearance turned into an unfortunate own goal during the first-half . Sergio Aguero collects the ball after Manchester City 's opener despite West Ham keeper Adrian 's -LRB- centre -RRB- best efforts to keep it out . The Manchester City players celebrate having taken an early lead at the Etihad on Sunday against West Ham during the Premier League clash . The control nevertheless remained with City , a second goal arriving in the 36th minute after Toure had regained possession from Stewart Downing . A rapidly executed counter-attack followed , with Aguero and Navas combining impressively before Aguero slotted home his 101st Manchester City goal . In the dug-out Sam Allardyce appeared thoroughly hacked off , and understandably so given the ineptitude of his defenders and his side 's lack of ambition going forward . He responded at the start of the second half by pushing Valencia into a more attacking role alongside Cole . But it was City who continued to press , with Adrian doing well to deny Aguero a second . The injury to Silva -- earning Kouyate a yellow card despite the fact that it really did n't look intentional -- disrupted City 's rhythm and gave West Ham a little encouragement . Downing went close , as did Valencia . But to no avail . For once Pellegrini had reason to feel a touch more secure . Manchester City playmaker David Silva slips through a pass during another attack for the home side against West Ham on Sunday . Aguero sprints towards the City fans who erupted into celebration having seen the Argentine score their second goal on Sunday . Frank Lampard lets fire with a shot at the Etihad Stadium but could n't find the back of the net with this long range effort on Sunday afternoon . England No 1 goalkeeper Joe Hart had a quiet afternoon but still managed to impress with a couple of fine saves to maintain a clean sheet . Navas leaps into action to nod on a pass at the Etihad Stadium with West Ham striker Carlton Cole -LRB- right -RRB- watching on . Anthony Taylor books West Ham midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate -LRB- centre -RRB- after he appeared to elbow David Silva . Silva had to receive treatment on the pitch for over six minutes after the collision with Kouyate abd was eventually replaced . Silva had to be replaced late in the second-half and exited the filed of play on a stretcher after being hit in the face by Kouyate 's elbow . Joe Hart , 28 years-old on Sunday , watches on at the Etihad as his Manchester City side faced West Ham in the Premier League .