A father-of-three who was attacked by a knife-wielding robber has revealed he thought he was going to die in the 40-second assault . Mohammad Ali Akhtar was only on his second shift at the Premier Stores in Flixton , Greater Manchester , when the man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till . CCTV footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter around 8.45 pm on Tuesday before wrestling with the brave cashier , who refused his demands . Scroll down for video . Mohammad Ali Akhtar , pictured -LRB- left -RRB- just after the assault , was attacked by a knife-wielding robber at the Premier Stores in Flixton , Greater Manchester , and has revealed he thought he was going to die . Mr Akhtar , who had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack , said : ` A man came in with a mask over his face . ` I started to tell him to take his mask off but before I could even complete what I was saying , he took the knife out of his sleeve and was said , `` give me the cash '' . ` In the first second I did n't know what I should do , but then I thought , `` well I 've just got to tackle him '' . ' At one point in the footage the pair can both be seen grappling over the knife before the shopkeeper was stabbed . This is the moment that a shopkeeper bravely tackled a knife-wielding raider who stormed into his store . Mr Akhtar said : ` In those few seconds of my life I thought I would die and I could see the knife waving around in front of my face as I was tackling him to the floor . ` I was just thinking of my wife and my children and what would happen if I was n't here for them anymore , then I felt the sharp stabs to my ear , nose and finger . ' The thief eventually managed to stagger to his feet and flee the shop empty-handed , pursued by the shopkeeper . The cashier later told police that the raider was white , between 16 to 18-years-old and was wearing black clothing . He added that he feels scared when he walks into his family kitchen and sees a knife . The raider , wearing dark coloured clothing , stormed into Premier Stores in Flixton , Manchester . The robber , armed with a large kitchen knife , leapt over the counter after demanding all the money from the till . ` I ca n't sleep and keep re-playing it in my head and I 'm always checking on the children in the night , ' he said . Detective Constable Andrew Warren said : ` First of all , I would like to commend the bravery of the victim , who despite suffering a stab wound still managed to fight off his attacker and ensure he ran away with nothing . ` However , this attack shows just how important it is that we identify this offender as soon as possible , as he was willing to resort to potentially lethal force for the sake of a few pounds . ` I would like to ask people to have a good look at the footage . ` I know his face is covered but if there is anything about his clothes , the way he walks or anything that you think you recognise , please contact police . ' The pair exchanged blows as they fought behind the counter of the convenience store . The shopkeeper was stabbed in the ear and hand before the raider managed to get to his feet and flee empty-handed . The knife wounds did not stop the brave shopkeeper trying to pursue his attacker .