Arrest : Rachel Lehnardt , 35 , allegedly threw a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter . A mother-of-five threw her teenage daughter a party , played naked Twister with her friends and then had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom , authorities have said . Rachel Lynn Lehnardt , 35 , from Evans , Georgia , was arrested on Saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor . The details of the drunken party emerged when Lehnardt met with her Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor last Friday and told her about the wild party . The sponsor then contacted authorities . She told the woman that her children , who are aged between four and 16 , were with their father when her oldest daughter texted her to ask if she could bring over some friends . Lehnardt allegedly responded : ` Come on , let 's party ' , WJBF reported . When the teenagers arrived , she allegedly allowed them to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her home , before she played naked Twister with them in the living room . While the youngsters continued playing , she allegedly went into a bathroom and had sex with an 18-year-old man , the sponsor told authorities . When she returned , she brought out sex toys and started to use them on herself in front of the teenagers , she told her sponsor , Augusta Crime reported . Party : The mother-of-five allegedly played naked Twister with her daughter and her friends before having sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom . She later had sex with her daughter 's 16-year-old boyfriend . She later went to bed alone and around 3.30 am , she awoke to find someone having sex with her , she told her sponsor . ` She stated at first she thought it was the 18-year-old from earlier , but then realized it was the 16-year-old who was in fact her daughter 's boyfriend , ' Lehnardt 's sponsor told deputies . The daughter told her mother she felt guilty because the boyfriend 's 10-inch penis was so large she could not have sex with him , and he needed to have sex with her mother instead . While the incident sounds as if the 16-year-old raped the mother , Sheriff 's spokesman Captain Steve Morris said there was no evidence of a crime and no charges are pending against the boy . No sexual crime charges have been filed against Lehnardt because 16 is the legal age of consent . Lehnardt also allegedly told the sponsor that she had shown her daughter explicit photos , including of Lehnardt having sex with her boyfriend . The sponsor said that the mother has also previously spoken about being a porn addict . Scene : She allegedly threw the party at her home in Evans , Georgia , pictured , and lost custody of her children after the incident . She has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor . Following the incident , an emergency custody hearing was held and she lost custody of her five children , who are aged four , six , eight , 10 and 16 , WJBF reported . At their meeting last week , the sponsor asked Lehnardt how long she had been sober and her future plans for sobriety , and the mother told her about losing custody of the children days before . After their meeting , the woman , who was only recently assigned to sponsor Lehnardt , contacted the Columbia County Sheriff 's Office and the mother was arrested on Saturday . She has been released from the Columbia County Detention Center after posting a $ 3,200 bond , according to the Columbia County News-Times . According to online profiles , Lehnardt crafts and paints dolls . The children 's father is in the military . Lehnardt was arrested after sharing details of the incident with her Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor , who then went to authorities . As part of the AA 's 12 Step program , members write a list of incidents they feel guilty about and confide in their sponsor about the acts -LRB- known as the Fifth Step -RRB- . The person is then required to make amends for past wrongdoings , as long as doing so does not cause harm to others . While there is an expectation of anonymity at meetings , there is no guarantee , and experts recommend exercising caution when detailing crimes , according to The Fix . AA literature simply states that ` anonymity provides protection for all members from identification as alcoholics ' . The main ` Understanding Anonymity ' booklet does not mention safety from disclosure of a crime and there have been multiple cases of AA members being convicted of crimes , including , murder after confessing to their sponsors . But there has also been some debate over whether the confessions can be used in court . In 2001 , a 1995 murder conviction was thrown out after it was ruled that a killer 's confession to fellow AA members was constitutionally protected and should n't have been used against him . The decision was reached after the judge deemed the 12 Step program had religious undertones , meaning that the members engaged in religious activity , which is constitutionally protected .