Gibraltar could be the new home of Britain 's nuclear submarines if the SNP succeeds in ridding Scotland of Trident . Moving the nation 's nuclear deterrent to the British territory could cost £ 3billion and take 10 years to complete , it was reported . The SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland , but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde . Scroll down for video . Gibraltar could be the new home of Britain 's nuclear submarines -LRB- one pictured -RRB- if the SNP succeeds in ridding Scotland of Trident . A senior military source told the Sunday Express that Ministry of Defence officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative to the naval base on the Clyde . ` A party was sent to Gibraltar in January to determine whether the option could work . One can only assume it 's part of broader contingency planning , ' the source said . The SNP 's deputy leader Stewart Hosie has threatened to hold Westminster to ransom over Trident if the party holds the balance of power after the general election on May 7 . Other options for a new home for the nuclear deterrent include Falmouth , but the potential political fall-out of moving the submarines to the Cornish coast make Gibraltar a more attractive proposal . Dr Nick Ritchie , international security lecturer at the University of York , said any move could anger Spain - who already dispute Britain 's claim over Gibraltar . Moving the nation 's nuclear deterrent to Gibraltar -LRB- pictured -RRB- could cost £ 3billion and take 10 years to complete , it was reported . He said : ` If the MoD is exploring other options , it shows admirable planning and foresight . Choosing Gibraltar would avoid the nimbyism question . Any alternative site in England or Wales would carry political down sides . But Gibraltar has enough patriotism to overcome this . ` It would be interesting to see Spain 's reaction , however , since it is a non-nuclear member of Nato . ' Gibraltar 's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo said it had the facilities available and had been visited by submarines from the UK and the US in the past . However , a spokesman for the MoD said : ` This is absolutely untrue and we can be very clear that the MOD is not planning to move the nuclear deterrent from HM Naval Base Clyde to Gibraltar , or anywhere else . ` The MOD is fully committed to retaining the deterrent on the Clyde and indeed we are basing all our submarines there from 2020 . '' The likelihood of any move is likely to be increased by a strong performance by the SNP in the election . The SNP want to eject Trident -LRB- submarine pictured -RRB- from Scotland , but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde . Ed Miliband has ruled out a formal coalition with Nicola Sturgeon 's party , as well as a confidence-and-supply agreement which would see the SNP back Labour on crucial votes , such as the Budget or the Queen 's Speech . He told Andrew Marr today : ` No coalition , no tie-ins , I have said no deals - I have been clear about that . I am not doing deals with the Scottish Nationalist Party . ' The Conservatives have made the prospect of a Labour administration that 's reliant on SNP votes one of the central planks of their election campaign in the last fortnight . Last week a Labour frontbencher expressed regret that the party can not ` get rid ' of Trident . Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said at a hustings event on Wednesday : ` We view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment . So our policy is that we will retain Trident , we will maintain a continuous at-sea deterrent . ' But he added : ` So we will pursue an independent perspective , the next Labour government , but on the issue of Trident : would but we could get rid of it but I fear that we ca n't . '