Ian Wright has hailed Chelsea 's up-and-coming star Jay Dasilva , claiming he is better than any current left back in the Barclays Premier League . The 16-year-old was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League by beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Monday 's final in Nyon , Switzerland . And former Arsenal and England striker Wright took to Twitter to praise him , saying : ` Congrats to Chelsea winning UEFA youth league . Jay da silva left back better player than any current prem left back . ' Jay Dasilva has been praised by Ian Wright following his performances in the UEFA Youth League . Dasilva is better than any current Premier League left-back , according to Wright . Wright has predicted that four of the Chelsea side are set for a bright future in the game . In a later tweet , Wright also tipped Dasilva 's team-mates Tammy Abraham , Charly Musonda and Charlie Colkett to enjoy bright futures in the game . Chelsea became the first English team to win the Youth League after two goals from captain Izzy Brown and another from Dominic Solanke led them to a 3-2 win . Dasilva , who hails from Luton and was signed by Chelsea aged 12 , is an attack-minded left back who can also operate as a winger . Despite a slight build , he is able to make his presence felt and is quick going forward in possession of the ball and when tracking back . The Chelsea team pose with the UEFA Youth League trophy after their triumph in Nyon on Monday . Izzy Brown is buried beneath a pile of his team-mates after scoring Chelsea 's opening goal . Dominic Solanke celebrates after scoring Chelsea 's second goal against Shakhtar Donetsk . He progressed quickly from the Under 15 team to the Under 18 side last season and helped Chelsea to their FA Youth Cup win over Fulham . He scored in the first leg at Craven Cottage . This season has seen further progress , with Dasilva making eight appearances in the Under 21 Premier League and nine in the Youth League run . He recently helped England 's Under 17 team to this summer 's European Championship finals and is set to feature in the tournament in Bulgaria next month . Abraham , the 17-year-old forward , has enjoyed a prolific season for the Chelsea Under 18 side , scoring 24 times in the league at that age group and adding four more in the Youth League . His six goals have helped Chelsea to a fifth FA Youth Cup final in six seasons - they will play Manchester City in the final , with the first leg scheduled for Monday . -LRB- From left -RRB- Charly Musonda -LRB- left -RRB- , Izzy Brown -LRB- centre -RRB- and Tammy Abraham pose with the trophy . Abraham takes on the Roma defence during Friday 's Youth League semi-final in Nyon . Musonda takes on the Roma defence during Chelsea 's Youth League semi-final on Friday . Musonda is a Belgium Under 21 international who plays an attacking midfield role for Chelsea 's youth team . He scored in last season 's Under 21 Premier League final with Manchester United at Old Trafford and contributed a crucial late goal in the first leg of the Youth Cup final with Fulham . Colkett , 18 , is a central midfielder who played a part in each game during Chelsea 's Youth League run and has also played for the Under 21s . He recently scored two goals in the second leg of the Youth Cup semi-final with Tottenham , helping swing the tie in their favour .