Model : Olsi Beheluli , pictured , claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess . A drug dealing model was jailed after he posted a picture of himself surrounded by £ 240,000 in cash on Twitter . Olsi Beheluli , who claims he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess , was a member of a gang responsible for selling ` significant quantities ' of class A drugs . The 24-year-old enjoyed living the ` high life ' and gambling with the money he made from the illegal operation , police said . Officers seized more than £ 4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided the gang 's ` stash house ' in Brent , north west London . They also found stacks of money , counterfeit identity documents , and equipment used for drug dealing . Beheluli was jailed alongside fellow gang members Besim Topalli , 29 , and Azem Proshka , 23 , for a total of 31 years at Blackfriars Crown Court , London , on Wednesday . Officers arrested Beheluli , from Harrow , north west London , in October 2014 and searched his phone to discover a further picture of him with bundles of cash . He tried to claim it was a relative 's money and was taken in Albania but detectives matched the distinctive wallpaper and furniture in the image to a picture of a home that Beheluli used to rent . A raid of the gang 's ` stash house ' in Brent , north west London , unearthed cash , drugs , counterfeit identity documents and drug dealing equipment such as scales . Beheluli stashed £ 24,000 in his bank account and told officers it was gambling winnings from the World Cup . Officers found betting slips showing he had recently placed £ 12,000 stakes at Ladbrokes and William Hill . National Crime Agency branch commander Oliver Higgins said : ` Beheluli seemed to enjoy the high life and gambling with the money he made from drug dealing , but in the end his luck run out . ` These men were involved in supplying significant quantities of high-purity class A drugs , as demonstrated by the value of the cash , cocaine and heroin we have seized from them . Haul : The 24-year-old , who was jailed for 11 years , posted a picture of himself with £ 250,000 on Twitter . Officers said that Beheluli appeared to ` enjoy the high life ' with the money he made from drug dealing . Haul : More than £ 4million of cocaine and heroin -LRB- pictured -RRB- was found when police searched the ` stash house ' ` But they were unaware that they were being watched by the NCA , and their arrest and subsequent conviction should have the wider criminal fraternity looking over their shoulders . ' Beheluli was found guilty of conspiring to supply Class A drugs and was sentenced to 11 years imprisonment on Wednesday . Albanians Proshka and Topalli will be deported after they serve ten years in prison after admitting conspiring to supply drugs , money laundering and possessing fake ID documents . Behelui was jailed alongside Besim Topalli , 29 , left , and Azem Proshka , 23 , right , for a total of 31 years .