Some of the Premier League 's less glamorous clubs face a battle this summer to keep hold of their brightest stars who have caught the eye of the ` big boys ' . The likes of Morgan Schneiderlin , Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted men as Champions League heavyweights like Arsenal and Manchester United circle like vultures . Sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a ` step up ' this summer . MORGAN SCHNEIDERLIN -LRB- Southampton -RRB- . Wanted by : Arsenal , Spurs , Chelsea Valued at : £ 25m . Destined to be the most wanted player of the summer after an excellent season in midfield for Southampton . Arsene Wenger has long seen the Frenchman as an ideal holding player for Arsenal while Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino worked with him at St Mary 's . Now Jose Mourinho is joining the chase , believing a Nemanja Matic-Schneiderlin axis will help Chelsea conquer Europe . Morgan Schneiderlin has shown this season that he is good enough to play Champions League football . Southampton convinced Schneiderlin to stay at the club last summer , but he is now ready to leave . Southampton dug in a year ago to persuade Schneiderlin to stay on the south coast but it is going to be virtually impossible to keep him again given that the 25-year-old has been putting in Champions League-standard performances all season and is coming into his prime . DANNY INGS -LRB- Burnley -RRB- . Wanted by : Liverpool , Manchester United Valued at : £ 5m -LRB- compensation -RRB- . The England Under 21 striker is out of contract in the summer and has no intention of staying at Turf Moor regardless of whether Burnley keep their Premier League status . Financially , he would make an excellent acquisition for a top club given the compensation for a Bosman would only be around a third of his true market value . Liverpool are interested - to sign a striker who turns 23 in July and who has scored nine Premier League goals this season , without having to pay a hefty transfer fee , is a no-brainer for the moneyball approach . But they face competition from United . Danny Ings is out of contract this summer and his scoring exploits have made him a target for top clubs . Burnley are resigned to losing Ings on a free and will only receive a modest compensation fee for him . NATHANIEL CLYNE -LRB- Southampton -RRB- . Wanted by : Manchester United Valued at : £ 17m . After a season in which he made his England debut , 24-year-old Clyne is destined to follow his former Crystal Palace team-mate Wilfried Zaha to Old Trafford -- but is fully expected to enjoy more success . The right back , who once helped Championship club Palace win a League Cup match at United , has been one of the revelations of the season at St Mary 's this season and made it clear he wo n't enter talks about a new contract . Louis van Gaal has made a right back a priority this summer and Clyne is the red-hot favourite . Louis van Gaal has made Southampton full back Nathaniel Clyne his top priority this summer . Clyne 's impressive form for Southampton has earned him a regular spot in the England team . AARON CRESSWELL -LRB- West Ham -RRB- . Wanted by : Manchester City , Chelsea Valued at : £ 12m . Arrived in the Premier League via Tranmere Rovers and Ipswich Town , and the left back 's performances for West Ham have alerted both Manchester City and Chelsea , who need strengthening in that position and are both short of homegrown players . Liverpudlian Cresswell , 25 , has been an ever-present for West Ham this season and even though he signed a new contract last summer , the London club are willing to extend it to 2020 . Aaron Cresswell scored a superb free-kick against Stoke City last weekend to raise his market value . Manchester City and Chelsea are interested in the defender , but West Ham are hopeful he will stay . YANNICK BOLASIE -LRB- Crystal Palace -RRB- . Wanted by : Liverpool Valued at : £ 10m . The 25-year-old winger has been one of the surprise breakthrough players of the season with a hat-trick at Sunderland last weekend answering the call from manager Alan Pardew for more goals to go alongside his undoubted ability . Bolasie , a DR Congo international , is one of the most naturally gifted and unpredictable players in the division and a major reason Palace are now an established force in the top flight . Liverpool and Spurs like to play with width and both need a player who is comfortable on the left-hand side . Yannick Bolasie has been in superb form for Crystal Palace this season and could be a target . Bolasie celebrates after netting a hat-trick against Sunderland and he is wanted by Liverpool in the summer . CHARLIE AUSTIN -LRB- QPR -RRB- . Wanted by : Liverpool , Tottenham Valued at : £ 10m . Austin has been outstanding in a struggling side and his tally of 17 Premier League goals is the fourth-best in the division and only two behind Diego Costa , Sergio Aguero and Harry Kane who are with clubs at the other end of the table . It seems inevitable Austin will move on should Rangers get relegated . Liverpool need a natural goalscorer with Rickie Lambert and Mario Balotelli set to leave in the summer while Spurs do n't want to be over-reliant on Kane . Charlie Austin is only a couple of goals short of the league 's leading scorers and is a target for Liverpool . Spurs are also interested in the English striker as they look for a partner for Harry Kane up front . SAIDO BERAHINO -LRB- West Brom -RRB- . Wanted by : Tottenham Valued at : £ 15m . The England Under 21 striker has made headlines for the wrong reasons this season and received a 12-month driving ban in January after being convicted of drink-driving . On the pitch , his 18 goals in all competitions have underlined his goalscoring potential and Spurs have taken note . West Brom 's early valuation of around £ 25m appears overly optimistic but if the Baggies decide to be more realistic in negotiations , there is every chance he could fulfil his dream of moving to a bigger club . Saido Berahino has scored 18 times this season although his off-field actions have caused controversy . AYOZE PEREZ -LRB- Newcastle United -RRB- . Wanted by : Arsenal , Manchester United Valued at : £ 12m . Newcastle 's scouting system came up trumps when they paid £ 1m to Tenerife for the little-known forward in August . Since then , Perez has displayed some of the quickest feet seen in the Premier League and scored five goals , including the winner against Liverpool . At 21 , Perez is far from the finished article but Arsene Wenger and Louis van Gaal have spotted his potential , particularly as this is his debut season in England . Ayoze Perez has impressed since joining Newcastle for a small fee last summer and could move on again . ROSS BARKLEY -LRB- Everton -RRB- . Wanted by : Manchester City Valued at : £ 40m . It may be harsh for Everton fans for their club not to be included as a ` big club ' but that 's the reality when it comes to young international players like Barkley ; they are in the bottom half of the table and have sold the likes of Wayne Rooney , Joleon Lescott and Marouane Fellaini in their prime . Barkley has been compared with Paul Gascoigne for his ability to dribble and hold defenders off . This has been a difficult season by his standards but Manchester City , always on the lookout for the best homegrown players , believe he has the ability to go all the way . Ross Barkley may not have had the best of seasons but he is still a target for some of the league 's top sides . Barkley has retained his England place , and would be a key signing for clubs short of homegrown talent . JACK GREALISH -LRB- Aston Villa -RRB- . Wanted by : Chelsea , Manchester City Valued at : £ 15m . The teenage midfielder signed a four-year deal at Villa earlier this season so it would take a big push by Chelsea or City to prise him away this summer . Nonetheless , a stand-out performance by Grealish in Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final against Liverpool could persuade them . If Barkley gets by defenders with strength and strong running , the nimble-footed Grealish seems to escape his markers in the tightest of spaces . If comparing him with Lionel Messi is a bit exaggerated , think Middlesbrough 's former Brazilian player , Juninho . Jack Grealish has broken through this season at Aston Villa and is wanted by Chelsea and Manchester City .