Has this brilliant 79th Masters got one final twist to reveal come the final round on Sunday ? No-one would be surprised following the dramatic events of the third round , when the three biggest names in the sport combined with Justin Rose to throw the veritable kitchen sink at the cool 21 year old Texan Jordan Spieth . The young American coped so adeptly he gave up just one shot of his five stroke halfway lead and will partner Rose in the final round armed with a useful advantage . But there was just enough vulnerability shown in his finish to offer encouragement not only to Rose but Masters specialist Phil Mickelson , who will start five behind . Spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round . It worked out perfectly for Tiger Woods in 1997 but not so well for Rory McIlroy in 2011 , who collapsed under the pressure over the final nine holes . ` I think Jordan will cope better than I did because he was in the final group last year , ' said McIlroy . ` I certainly expect him to cope a lot better than I did . ' Jordan Spieth carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the Masters . At 16 under par , Spieth broke the record shared by Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods by a single shot . The other thing Spieth has in his favour is that this is the fourth tournament in a row when he has been in the final group in the final round . He won one and finished runner-up in the other two . If he wins , he will go to number two in the world and the rivalry with Rory that might dominate golf for the next decade will have begun . Spieth looked to have taken the tournament beyond everyone else when he went seven strokes clear with just two holes to play . But while Rose finished off with a staggering fifth birdie in his last six holes , Spieth was running up his first double bogey of the tournament at the 17th . And at the last there was a horrible fanned approach that threatened to trim the lead to just three , before Spieth conjured up a remarkable up and down to give him momentum heading into what promises to be another momentous Masters Sunday . Plucky journeyman Charley Hoffman lies fourth while Woods and McIlroy both shot 68 to be tied fifth and will play together on Sunday . But at ten shots off the pace they are surely too far behind . As for Rose , the 2013 US Open champion has given himself the chance of seizing another major following his astonishing finish . Pick of the quintet of birdies came at the par three 16th , where he holed a spectacular bunker shot . ` I think it 's important to be in the final group , it 's where you want to be , ' said the 34 year old Englishman . ` Jordan is obviously playing some very special golf but I have definitely given myself an opportunity . ' World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods were in a five-way tie for fifth . Finally , the real McIlroy showed upon the par fives at Augusta on Saturday . What a day we had on Saturday . It was as if Rose and the big three in terms of charisma had come up with an unspoken pact and declared : ` Ok , let 's see if this kid Jordan is really destined for greatness . ' For those who thought the runaway halfway leader had merely to turn up to claim the green jacket , we had McIlroy playing like the world number one and Tiger confounding the sceptics with a bravura display that made you feel the last 12 months had all been a bad dream . There was the glorious sight of Mickelson playing once more like he owns Augusta . And then there was Rose , who has had a lot of good days at Augusta in his ten Masters tournaments and now was enjoying one more . How would you like to see all that taking place in your rear view mirror , at this of all courses ? In short , for five simply incredible hours the roars were echoing all over this sacred property and for most of that time they were funnelling in Spieth 's direction . This was undoubtedly as severe an examination as you could imagine for a third round . Just as well , then , that the creed that has served him so well already during his phenomenal 18 months as a professional just happens to be : ' Whenever the heat is on , ensure you focus just that little bit more . ' And that , for the most part , is just what he did . Only at the end did he look like stumbling , but that fabulous up and down at the last kept everything upbeat . Tiger Woods put on a vintage show , he was astonishing , electric , inspired and charismatic . Woods ' girlfriend Lindsey Vonn showed her support during the third round on Saturday . The previous 54 hole standard of 15 under was set by Ray Floyd in 1976 and Woods in 1997 . But the youngest first round leader in Masters history and the man who set a new low mark for 36 holes on Friday had reached 16 under after a 70 . What made this so impressive was that , for the first time , a few errors crept into his previously immaculate game . During the round he would have three three putts and his first double . When things like this happen here it 's so easy for the mind to unravel but Spieth kept his composure . At the par five second that peerless putting stroke rapped home another birdie putt and one more at the sixth . At the treacherous 9th he seemed to have left himself a difficult second shot , from a downhill lie to an elevated green . Spieth knocked his approach to 6ft and holed that one as well to turn in 35 shots . In its own way , this was the equal of his spectacular bouts of scoring in the first two rounds . So it continued . The two stringent par fours to start the back nine were safely negotiated before his tee shot to the par three 12th came down 8ft from the flag . You can guess what happened next , and he birdied the 13th as well . He would threeputt the 14th , however -- and then came the next test . Phil Mickelson played like the Masters specialist to finish the third round on 11 under . Justin Rose reeled off five birdies in the last six holes to move into second place on 12 under . As he made his way down the 15th fairway , first Mickelson and then Rose made amazing birdies at the 16th to send the crowd into raptures . How would he respond ? Well , at the 15th he calmly stroked a four iron into the middle of the green for a two putt birdie . Best of all was the eight iron he struck to 8ft at the 16th for yet another birdie . McIlroy , Woods and Mickelson all shot sumptuous front nines of 32 shots . Mickelson was wearing a salmon pink shirt in honour of Arnold Palmer . Some of his great attacking play had been delivered wearing just such a colour and Mickelson was doing justice to the memory . Eight strokes off the pace at the start of play , he 's still in the ball game but will need another magic-filled round today . Add McIlroy 's wonderful back nine 31 from Friday afternoon to his front nine 32 yesterday , and you would have a round that equalled the course record of 63 . Amazing how the switch flipped for him at the halfway point in the second round . So tentative to that point and perhaps a touch nervous with all that was at stake , it was as if he looked at a leaderboard that showed him 17 shots off the lead and a stroke outside the projected halfway cut and decided : ` To hell with it , let 's go for it . ' Finally , the real McIlroy showed up on the par fives , those scoring holes that have given him such problems in recent years . An eagle at the 13th on Friday was followed by an eagle on the second in his third round . He was off and running . He birdied the long 8th plus the 13th and 15th for his best-ever return on the par fives during a single round at the Masters . A poor eight iron to the 16th cost him , however , as a 6ft par putt was dribbled miserably . Another bogey at the last as well meant a 68 . And so the likely list of winners stands at just three -- Spieth , Rose and Mickelson . It should be some final day . It has been some tournament .