This is the shocking moment a deputy 's bodycam captured the officer shooting a dog dead . Pasco County Sheriff 's office reported it has received death threats since footage emerged of Deputy Kerry Kempink killing the dog while responding to call . The video , shot on Kempink 's body camera , showed the deputy jumping a fence as he went to investigate a burglar alarm going off at the property last Friday . Scroll down for video . This is the shocking moment a deputy from Pasco County Sheriff shot a dog dead while responding to a call . He started to walk towards the home , but was stopped by two black Rottweilers which had ran out towards him across the garden . Within seconds of them approaching , he shot the closest dog , 18-month-old Cowboy which is barking at him . He then turned his gun on the other which ran off . The horrified owner , Carla Gloger , appeared moments later and shouted at the officer : ` They 're not even vicious . ' Kempink responded : ` He came right at me ma'am . I got it on camera , I got it on camera . ' The video , shot on Kempink 's body camera , showed the deputy jumping a fence into the property where he as then confronted by two dogs . Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him and turned his gone on the other . But Ms Gloger told the deputy : ` He came right at you but not to hurt you . ' Kempink then called his station but the owner , who was becoming more and more upset , shouts for him to put her pet out of its misery . Tragically , when the dog sees the officer lift his gun , he attempts to crawl away . Ms Gloger shouted for Kempink to wait , and said : ` Is he ok ? No , he 's not . ` Shoot him all the way , ' she told him . ` Kill him . ' Another loud bang can be heard yet the devastated owner continued pleading with the officer to shoot him . ` Shoot him again . I can hear him suffering , shoot him . He 's just a puppy . ' The dogs ' devastated owner then comes out , and told the deputy ` they 're not even vicious ' before begging him to put him out of his misery . Pasco County Sheriff 's office reported it had received death threats since the shocking footage emerged . Sheriff Chris Nocco has defended his deputy 's actions , claiming he acted in self-defense . ` I do n't think an Olympic runner could have out run those Rottweilers , I do n't think he was in a situation to defend himself , ' he told 10 News . But Ms Gloger , who trains and shows her Rottweilers , said : ` If he 's coming to protect my property he took my most valuable property away from me . ` I ca n't replace my dog that 's my family that 's my son . ' She says she is now looking at pursuing legal action . Sheriff Nocco added that police had received multiple calls to that property in the past and had n't known what to expect . Kempink had then shot the dog again at the behest of the homeowner as an act of kindness , he added . He said they were taking the death threats made to the department very seriously .