A 14-year-old cheerleader has died after plunging 60 feet during a rappelling trip with her family over Easter weekend . Millie Elia , an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain , Alabama , died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40 pm on Saturday . The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell . The park refused to release any further details when contacted by DailyMail.com on Monday . Tragic : Millie Elia , an eighth-grade student from Alabama , died on Saturday after a rappelling accident . In Oak Mountain on Monday , her classmates and teachers mourned the teen , who was part of the Advanced Symphonic Band , the National Junior Honor Society and the Science Club . Students wore blue to class in memory of Millie , decorated her locker with notes and photographs , and paid tribute to her on social media . ` Such a beautiful girl , ' a fellow cheerleader wrote on Twitter as she shared images of Millie . ` Such a sad loss . Please send lots of love and prayers to the Elia 's . We love you , Millie . ' She added that prayers needed to go out to Millie 's best friend because she had also been at the scene of the accident . ` Wish you were gon na be out there cheering with us , ' she added . ` We 'll be cheering for you girl . You 're awesome , Mill ! Fly high ! ' Principal Larry Haynes called her a ` very involved and well-liked student ' , WVTM reported . He emailed parents last night to tell them about the tragedy . Scene : The teenager fell around 60 feet while rappelling in Mount Cheaha State Park , pictured . Family : She is pictured with her mother Angie , left and right . In the image , right , they were taking part in a fundraising walk for cancer care , and she wrote : ` I love you mom ! stay strong ! ' Counselors from the school and surrounding schools were at Oak Mountain Middle School for students and teachers on Monday . ` The students are making cards and passing out ribbons that were made in Millie 's honor yesterday by a group of students and parents who gathered at Veterans Park , ' Haynes said . Outside of school , she was an active member of Meadowbrook Baptist Youth Group and shared snaps of her laughing and posing with friends to her Instagram page . In one photo from six months ago , she posed with her mother , Angie Elia , a pediatric nurse practitioner , as they took part in a fundraising walk for cancer care . ` I love you mom ! ' she wrote in the caption . ` Stay strong ! '