A warehouse worker appeared in court today accused of murdering a woman whose dismembered body was found three days after she went missing . Christopher Nathan May , 50 , is accused of killing Tracey Woodford , 47 , after her body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd , South Wales on Friday . May is charged with a single charge of murder , and is accused of killing his alleged victim at some point between April 20 and April 25 . Court hearing : Christopher Nathan May , 50 , left , is accused of killing Tracey Woodford , 47 , right , who was missing for three days before being discovered at a flat in Pontypridd , south Wales on Friday . Her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' at the property -LRB- above -RRB- yesterday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . Ms Woodford was found dead three days after being reported missing by her family and was said to have suffered ` massive injuries ' . May , wearing a grey jumper and glasses , was remanded in custody at Merthyr Tydfil magistrates court . He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing . May spoke only to confirm his name and the address of his flat in Richards Street , Pontypridd . Magistrates chairman Stuart Williams told May : ` Because of the nature of the offence you will be remanded in custody . ' May replied : ` Thank you . ' Police are still searching woodland and other areas of Pontypridd as part of their investigation . Her family said : ` Tracey was liked and loved by all of her family and friends . ` She was very kind-hearted and a selfless person who would go out of her way to help anyone . Tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone and she will be dearly missed by all who knew her . Ms Woodford had been seen at a Pontypridd pub , the Skinny Dog , on Tuesday evening was arrested after she was found on Friday . ` We are thankful for all the support we have received to date . We ask all to respect our wishes for privacy and to be left alone to grieve at this very difficult time . ' Tracey lived with her mother Linda , 66 , and brother Sean , 42 , who were described as being ` distraught ' . They are being supported by police liaison officers who are keeping them informed of the developments . Police are still appealing for information from anyone who may have seen Tracey in the days she was missing after drinking in the Skinny Dog pub in the town centre . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .