Gerry Adams has sparked outrage over comments he made on US television about notorious abduction and murder of Jean McConville . Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams has described the notorious abduction and murder of Jean McConville as ` what happens in wars ' . In an interview on US television , he sparked outrage by suggesting that incidents like Mrs McConville 's murder happened ` in every single conflict ' . The comments have angered relatives of Mrs McConville , whose abduction , disappearance and subsequent murder became one of the most shocking events of The Troubles . She was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in Belfast in front of her children . She was accused by republicans of being a British Army informer , suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead . Her remains were eventually discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune on Shelling Hill Beach in County Louth in 2003 , ending decades of torment for her relatives and enabling them to finally give her a proper burial . Last year Mr Adams , who has long denied he was even in the IRA , was arrested by police investigating Mrs McConville 's murder . He denied any involvement and was released without charge . But then last month , the influential American magazine the New Yorker named Gerry Adams as a former IRA commander who personally passed ` death sentences ' on its enemies . It published a damning 15,000-word assessment of allegations against him and claimed that Adams himself issued the order to ` disappear ' Mrs McConville . The mother-of-ten , pictured with three of her children , disappeared from her Belfast home in 1972 . In an interview with CBS this weekend , Mr Adams insisted that he did not know about Mrs McConville 's killing . He said that he only reported himself to the police last year after a ` tsunami of stories ' about his alleged involvement that were based on reports of interviews given by former IRA paramilitaries to Boston College in the US . Mr Adams said : ` They -LRB- the police -RRB- said that I was a senior manager of the IRA at managerial level so I 'm bound to have known . I told them I did n't . In the preview of the interview , which will be shown in full on Sunday , CBS presenter Scott Pelley said : ` It was known to the IRA and you 're saying you did n't know ? Mr Adams said : ` Yes ' McConville 's daughter Helen McKendry described Gerry Adams as having ` blood on his hands ' Mr Pelley asked : ` How do you orphan 10 children ? What kind of depravity is that ? ' Mr Adams said : ` That 's what happens in wars , Scott . ` That 's not to minimize it , but that 's what American soldiers do , British soldiers do , Irish Republican soldiers do , that 's what happens in every single conflict . ' The comments sparked anger from Mrs McConville 's family . Helen McKendry , now a grandmother , was one of the 10 McConville children orphaned when she was suffocated with a plastic bag and shot in the head . She said : ` He 's a liar ... I would like Gerry Adams to stand up and admit he played a part . ` This man has blood on his hands and I want him to pay for what he did . ' Mr Adams ' arrest last May caused uproar among his supporters and , in his view threatened the peace in Northern Ireland that he helped broker with the Good Friday agreement in 1998 . In the CBS interview , Mr Adams said he decided to contact the police himself because he was ` sick , sore and tired of a tsunami of stories based upon these tapes linking me to Mrs McConville 's death ' . Mr Adams told CBS that he never pulled a trigger , ordered a murder or set off a bomb during The Troubles . He said : ` I do n't disassociate myself from the IRA . I think the IRA was a legitimate response to what was happening here . ` I never will -LRB- disassociate himself from the IRA -RRB- . But I was not a member of the IRA . '