A gene that affects the melting point of cocoa butter could lead to the creation of new types of chocolate - as well as cosmetics and pharmaceuticals . US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants , which could boost plants ' yields and the income of farmers . A gene involved in determining the melting point of cocoa butter could lead to the creation of new types of chocolate as well as cosmetics and pharmaceuticals , scientists claim . A stock image of chocolates is shown . More than five million cocoa farmers and their families depend on cocoa for their livelihoods around the world , where Cacao , Theobroma cacao L is cultivated in West Africa , Central and South America . The World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons , which is valued at $ 11.8 billion -LRB- £ 7.9 billion -RRB- . Each cocoa pod has 40 seeds , which are composed of cocoa butter and used in the making of chocolate -- and some drugs . Lead researcher Mark Guiltinan , professor of plant molecular biology at Penn State 's College of Agricultural Sciences said that cocoa butter with altered melting points may find new uses in specialty chocolates , cosmetics and pharmaceuticals . US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants . Cacao trees growing at a research facility in Ecuador are pictured . The world 's largest confectionary producer , joined Mars in November in warning of a massive shortfall of chocolate , which could reach a million tonnes a year by 2020 . Switzerland 's Barry Callebaut Group said soaring demand has helped chocolate prices hit more than double what they were just eight years ago . Industry experts say the world is in its longest production shortfall for five decades . Cocoa prices rose by a quarter in a year to a peak in August of £ 2,000 a tonne , nearing a February 2011 peak , Barry Callebaut said . Before the end of 2007 they had barely risen above £ 1,300 , according to figures from the International Cocoa Organization -LRB- ICCO -RRB- . Barry Callebaut chief executive Juergen Steinemann said the hike was fuelled partly by a ` potential cocoa shortage ' by 2020 - echoing previous warnings by Mars Chocolate that demand will outstrip supply . ` The global cocoa sector may suffer a one million metric ton shortfall by 2020 because of increasing economic and environmental pressures on cocoa farms around the world , ' the firm said . ` Our long-term business depends on a sustainable supply of high quality cocoa , and we believe that securing cocoa 's future begins with increasing yield for the smallholder farmers . ' Disease and drought are partly to blame , but countries are also eating more sweets , particularly developing nations such as China . For example , a chocolate with a higher or lower melting point would be useful for production of chocolate with specific textures and specialty applications . ` The `` snap '' and `` melt '' of chocolate are two very important textural features that determine the appeal of chocolate to consumers , and having new varieties of the cocoa plant that produce butter with different melting points would be a valuable resource to control those characteristics , ' Professor Guiltinan explained . ` Medical applications could include production of drug-delivery products with slower release of drugs than is possible with current cocoa-butter-based systems . ' Professor Guiltinan was previously involved in research that first described the stearoyl-acyl carrier protein desaturase -LRB- SAD -RRB- gene family in the cocoa tree . Collaborators from the International Cocoa Genome Consortium sequenced the genome of the plant . Now Professor Guiltinan and his team have discovered that a single gene - TcSAD1 -- in the SAD family , is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . ` We used state-of-the-art plant science techniques to gain evidence for the role of the SAD1 gene in cocoa butter biosynthesis , ' he explained . ` The other SAD genes appear to play other roles in the growth of the chocolate tree , such as flower and leaf development , where these fatty acids play important roles as key components of various membrane systems . ` This information can be used to develop biomarkers for screening and breeding of new cacao varieties with novel fatty acid compositions of cocoa butter . ' This image shows cacao seeds after harvest . A mixture of lipids called cocoa butter makes up about half of each seed . The natural melting point of cocoa butter is close to human body temperature . This trait gives chocolate its melt-in-your-mouth texture and provides a creamy texture to lotions applied to the skin . Professor Guiltinan and his team have discovered that a single gene - TcSAD1 -- in the SAD family , is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . He said the discovery could lead to new types of chocolate , cosmetics and pharmaceuticals . A cocoa butter body scrub is shown left and a stock image of drugs , right . Cocoa butter consists of almost equal amounts of palmitic acid , stearic acid and oleic acid . Its exact composition determines its melting temperature , which is very close to human body temperature . This is why chocolate feels smooth in the mouth and cosmetics containing cocoa butter have a creamy texture when applied to skin . ` During cacao seed development , large amounts of fatty acids are synthesised that are rich in saturated and monounsaturated lipids , ' Professor Guiltinan said . ` An important part of this process is the activity of an enzyme produced by the SAD1 gene that creates a special double bond critical in determining the melting point of chocolate that is very close to the human body temperature and makes cocoa butter quite unique . ' ` The `` snap '' and `` melt '' of chocolate are very important textural features that determine the appeal of chocolate to consumers -LRB- stock image -RRB- , and having new varieties of the cocoa plant that produce butter with different melting points would be a valuable resource to control those characteristics , ' Prof Guiltinan said .