Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey has revealed he will have no problem shaking John Terry 's hand in light of the racist comments the former England captain directed at former Rs defender Anton Ferdinand four years ago . Terry , who will line up against Ramsey 's side , was banned for four games and fined £ 220,000 for the remarks made in October 2011 during Chelsea 's 1-0 defeat at Loftus Road . But Ramsey , the Premier League 's only black manager , thinks the issue has been dealt with . ` Ultimately , John Terry is a player of Chelsea . I am a manager of QPR . As a man , as a person , I would shake his hand , ' Ramsey said . ` I do n't know what his feelings are towards me . As long as there was n't anything on the field that was unprofessional by him , I would shake his hand . Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey speaks to the media on Friday ahead of the Chelsea match . Chelsea captain John Terry controls the ball during last weekend 's Premier League match against Stoke . Ramsey arrives for Friday 's pre-match press conference as QPR prepare to host Chelsea at Loftus Road . ` The whole episode for British society sat uncomfortably . It 's not something we want to highlight in football . It happened and it 's being dealt with . We have to move on . And hopefully everyone has learned something from it . ' Ramsey revealed that Rio Ferdinand , who labelled Terry an idiot for the abuse aimed at his brother , wo n't be fit in time for a reunion with the Chelsea skipper this weekend . But the 52-year-old suspects his player 's one-time England colleague will be on the receiving end of a hostile welcome from the home fans on his return the scene of the unsavoury incident . ` Rio has unfortunately got an injury , he 's had a knock , and it 's recurring , he keeps trying to train , ' Ramsey continued . ` He will train this morning . He 's something we miss immensely . We miss his leadership qualities on the pitch . Unfortunately , he wo n't be involved in the game . ` Fans are fans , are n't they ? -LRB- Terry 's return -RRB- is a subject that brings up a lot of different emotions . So it would be odd to think that there is n't going to be an extra feeling towards that situation . ' QPR defender Anton Ferdinand avoids shaking hands with Terry before a league match in September 2012 . Ferdinand and Terry argue during QPR 's 1-0 victory against Chelsea at Loftus Road in October 2011 . Rio Ferdinand , brother of Anton , will not be fit for Sunday 's match against Chelsea .