Sexual assault charges were dropped against Uber driver Maxine Fohounhedo , 30 , after he produced an audio recording from the night of the alleged attack . Sexual assault charges against a Chicago Uber driver have been dropped after prosecutors heard a secret recording he made of his passenger the night of the alleged attack . Maxine Fohounhedo , 30 , was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before . The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with Fohounhedo . She alleged that she eventually woke up in Fohounhedo 's apartment as he was having sex with her , according to the Chicago Sun-Times . The woman told police he then helped her into his car and drove her home . She called police the next day and a rape kit was administered at Swedish Covenant Hospital , the Chicago Tribune reported . Shady Yassin , Fohounhedo 's attorney , claims the woman made a pass at his client when he first picked her up and then they ` went back to his place . ' ` Whatever happened there did not arise to anything criminal , ' Yassin said . According to Yassin , Fohounhedo made the nine-minute recording as he drove the woman home because ` he had a gut feeling he needed to protect himself ' . ` She was having a friendly conversation with him , ' Yassin said . ` And talking about her boyfriend and her work , and gave him a hug in the end . ' Yassin said when Fohounhedo helped the woman out of his car she said ` thank you so much ' . The attorney said prosecutors authenticated the recording after Fohounhedo turned over his phone . Shady Yassin , Fohounhedo 's attorney , said the woman made the pass at his client when he first picked her up and then they ` went back to his place ' . ` Whatever happened there did not arise to anything criminal , ' he said . Fohounhedo 's wife Sheena -LRB- right -RRB- said the couple will have to work to get past the incident . Fohounhedo was released from Cook County Jail on Monday night . He has spent the last four months behind bars . Sheena Fohounhedo , his wife , told ABC 7 the couple will have to work to get past the incident but that she is happy her husband is coming home . Fohounhedo was using his wife 's Uber account , which is a violation of the company 's policy , when he picked up the 22-year-old woman . Uber removed Fohounhedo from the service after he was charged with assault . Yassin said his client was n't given a chance and that ` everybody immediately thought he was guilty ' . He said Fohounhedo has no ill will against Uber but does not plan to work with the company again . Fohounhedo was just one of several Uber drivers who have been accused of sexual assault since the app was launched in the US in 2011 . Another woman in Chicago sued the company earlier this year after her driver allegedly locked her in the car and groped her breast , legs and groin before she escaped .