A Florida community has voiced objection to plans of a forensic research ` body farm ' in which human bodies will be left in Florida elements for extended periods of time . The body farm , which would be located in Lithia , is a joint project between the University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . It has the potential to offer forensic scientists and law-enforcement investigators a chance to see what happens to the bodies when they are left in Florida elements . Five to ten bodies from USF 's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center in Lithia , which is a 230-acre plot of land bordered by a landfill and county property . Scroll down for video . University of South Florida , in a joint project with the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office , have proposed building a ` body farm ' in Lithia for research into how Florida elements affect cadavers . If the research is approved by the Hillsborough County Commission , the information gathered at the site could help investigators solve crimes and cold cases . Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility , while state Attorney General Pam Bondi and Hillsborough County Sheriff David Gee have supported the project . ` Just the reputation alone of having a quote ` body farm ' in your community could have a drastic impact , ' White told WFTS . ` Our perception has always been in East Hillsborough County that we get , for lack of a better term , the junk that no one else wants . ' Other areas in the training center are used to teach deputies how to safely drive during chases , shoot a gun and subdue airplane hostage takers , according to the Tampa Bay Tribune . Erin Kimmerle , associate professor of anthropology at USF , said that this research could potentially help solve the more than 500 cold cases in Hillsborough , Pasco and Pinellas counties . Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility , fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community . The nearest houses are about half a mile away from the site , and officials from the sheriff 's office said the bodies would be surrounded by a seven-foot fence , so no decomposing bodies would be visible to passersby or from houses . A deputy who lives at the site would provide 24-hour security for the bodies . But residents of Lithia are still reluctant to support the project . Some fear that unwanted animals might happen upon the site , including coyotes , panthers and other predators . Resident William Rayburn , whose five acres of land border the training facility , fears the bodies might bring with them an unpleasant smell . ` You say you can contain the smell , but what 's it going to do when the heat gets up and the wind starts blowing and we 're sitting on our porch swing we 've worked hard to have in our retirement and those bodies get rancid ? ' Rayburn told the Tampa Tribune . ` I can smell the dump 10 miles away . ' As of now , there is no timeline for the project , which has been in the works for more than a year , though it was just announced to residents a few weeks ago . Erin Kimmerle , associate professor of anthropology at USF , said that there are more than 500 cold cases in Hillsborough , Pasco and Pinellas counties , and the facility could help change that . Kimmerle said that no taxpayer money would be used to fund the project , but rather grants and donations would be used . She added that there would be no odor or affect on the soil and water in the area . ` Improving on our current methods helps solve long-term open cases and that 's what this is ultimately about , ' Kimmerle told the Tampa Bay Tribune . ` It 's a tremendous gift to give these remains back to a family . ' She added that the body farm would not draw taxpayer money and would n't contaminate soil or water or create an odor . It would operate solely on donations and grant funding . White told the Tampa Bay Times that a dialogue had not been engaged with ` any local officials ' , though Kimmerle said she 's been working with the Sheriff 's office since March 2014 . ` How in the world would someone think people are going to react when they hear that a ` body farm ' might be coming into the community ? This is an ivory tower academia mind-set at its finest , ' White said .