One of Britain 's biggest babies has been born - to a mum who asked for NO pain relief . Brave Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12 lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs . Danielle had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby . Scroll down for video . Daniel Goldstone , Danielle Davies and their son Harley , who weighed 11 lb 5oz at birth . Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice . Newborn Harley from Morecambe , Lancs , weighs 11 lb 5oz , and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months . New mum Danielle , 21 , said : ` All the midwives could n't believe how big he was , he was the talk of the hospital . ` They had to put him on the scales a number of times , they said he was difficult to weigh because it was off their official charts . ' Harley caused quite a stir at the hospital as he was thought to be too large for the scales int he maternity ward . She continued : ` We have ended up having to throw a lot of the new born stuff away and he is already in size two nappies . ' Danielle 's pregnancy bump was larger than with her first child . Danielle 's pregnancy was induced following a health scare after doctors found she had a blood clot on her brain just one month before , she started to suffer severe headaches . She said : ` It just felt like a normal headache but it was quite scary really . ` It is common to get blood clots but it is unusual to get one on the brain . ` They did n't know if I was going to be able to push with the pressure on my brain , but I did . ' Danielle , who already has a 19-month-old daughter Layla , stunned staff during the eight hour natural birth , which she managed to endure without any pain relief despite pushing for two hours . She said : ` I lost quite a lot of blood because of his weight but I tried not to show the fact that I was in so much pain . ` I just cant believe I did it on gas and air , I keep wondering how I managed . ' Baby Harley was born at 1.13 am on April 10 . Dad Daniel Goldstone , 23 , who works as a security guard , said : ` I was nervous because Danielle was in so much pain and it shocked me but I was n't expecting my son to be so big . ` I 'm proud of her and all the staff were brilliant . ' Daniel , Danielle and Harley with the couple 's daughter Layla . Danielle is now on clexane injections to thin out her blood and doctors are keeping an eye on her progress . She added : ` A few of my friends have seen him and they all think he is huge . ` Some have said he does n't look like a newborn he looks about three months old . ` My bump was very big and now I know why . ' Former community midwife Jean Anderson , who has delivered babies weighing up to 13 lbs during her career , said : ` I think many more women are now being induced early because they are worried about big babies . ` Danielle is a beacon and it shows women can deliver big babies safely and easily if they allow their bodies to relax . ` It is a big baby and I am really proud of her . ' Danielle and her son Harley .