Saracens breathed a huge sigh of relief on Tuesday night as Billy Vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait -- leaving the No 8 free to face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday 's Champions Cup semi-final . An RFU disciplinary panel dismissed a charge that Vunipola had recklessly led with his head in a incident which left the Leicester full back prone on the ground following a clash last weekend . Saracens are the last remaining English club in the competition and would have appealed against the decision if their in-form England star had been banned . Billy Vunipola trains in the spring sunshine on Tuesday as Saracens prepare for Saturday 's clash . The England No 8 had been cited for striking Leicester full back Matehw Tait with his head . ` As a club we have respect for the disciplinary processes which are in place but at the same time we are surprised , ' said Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall on Tuesday before the verdict . ` He 's been charged with a strike to the head . It 's got to be intentional but everyone can see that it is n't . There are enough camera angles to see that Billy 's eyes stay firmly on the ball . ` If it 's not intentional , the next argument is `` was it reckless ? '' But Billy is decelerating into the contact . ` He 's in a great driving position and his feet are in contact with the ground . There 's no recklessness involved . It was just an accidental clash of heads . ' Vunipola and his team-mates appear to be having fun in training as he awaited the RFU verdict . Leicester 's Vereniki Goneva received a one-week ban for striking Saracens flanker Kelly Brown in the same game . Meanwhile , Saracens are considering picking exciting 20-year-old forward Maro Itoje in their back row alongside Vunipola . Itoje , who captained England Under 20s ' World Cup winning side last year , signed a new contract on Tuesday and has been touted as a possible bolter for the senior squad at this year 's tournament . ` It 's exciting , ' Itoje said . ` I feel like I 've progressed a lot this season . ' Former England Under 20s captain Maro Itoje has signed a new long-term contract at Saracens .