With a ball at his feet and a goal in sight Harry Kane has rarely failed to give Tottenham fans what they want this season . But when it came to a crossbar challenge against some of Spurs finest he was left in the unfamiliar position . At the conclusion of an open training session for fans at White Hart Lane on Thursday morning Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue , Nabil Bentaleb , Eric Dier , Roberto Soldado , Danny Rose and the apparent king of the crossbar , Christian Eriksen . Harry Kane awaits his chance to impress in a crossbar challenge during open training at White Hart Lane . The adage ` Close but no cigar ' best represents the opening round of attempts from 40 yards . Capoue , Bentaleb , Soldado , Dier , Kane and Eriksen , ignoring attempts from his team-mates to distact him , all went narrowly over the top , while Rose dared to be different by hitting the back of the net . Capoue did the same again but Algerian Bentaleb gave the crowd of mostly children enjoying their half term break something to cheer about as his floating shot landed on the crossbar . Christian Eriksen takes his attempt in spite of his team-mates efforts to distract the skillful Swede . Kane take his time with each of his three shots from 40 yards but is narrowly over the crossbar each time . It was the same story as round one for the rest before a third go was approved by the fans - Capoue took his chance as his shot dipped at the end . Kane 's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot hit the mark and won a big cheer , though could n't count . The game ended a sucessful day for the club whose form has been mixed of late with a disappointing 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday a major disappointment . Etienne Capoue is on the money with his third attempt at the crossbar challenge and celebrates accordingly . Spurs ' UEFA Cup-winning captain Graham Roberts was on hand to provide inspiration though , as were Spurs Ladies represetnatives Wendy Martin and captain Jenna Schillaci , who were interviewed ahead of their Ryman Cup final against Charlton on April 16 . Mauricio Pochettino 's side are now preparing to host Aston Villa on Saturday at home as they look to launch an ambitious , if unlikely , bid for a Champions League place , with away fixtures at Newcastle and Southampton to follow . Spurs currently stand sixth in the Premier League and it appears they 'll be in a straight shoot-out for fifth place with Liverpool , who lead them on on goal difference .