Andreas Lubitz appears to have researched suicide methods , cockpit door security and medical treatment before crashing the Germanwings plane into the French Alps , killing all 150 people on board . Killer pilot Andreas Lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security before crashing his Germanwings plane into the French Alps , it emerged last night . German prosecutors said an examination of a tablet computer found at his apartment revealed he had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security , and suicide methods . The revelations came hours after it was reported that Lubitz told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying . It also emerged that the 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide . People who use Lorazapam are advised not to drive a car , let alone fly a commercial jetliner . Medical experts say it can also increase the risk of self-harm at the start of treatment . Prosecutors yesterday announced that the second black box from the flight had been found . It was said to be in a good condition and was likely to yield more information . Investigators believe Lubitz locked his captain out of the A320 's cockpit on March 24 and deliberately crashed the plane , killing all 150 people on board -- possibly because of suicidal tendencies or fears he may lose his pilot 's licence . Citing sources from the investigation , German newspaper Bild reported that he sometimes lied to doctors that he was off work and wanted to get better so he could fly again . It said he gave them information about his job as a pilot and his employer , Germanwings , but concealed that he was still working . He was apparently more stable in recent years , but in the past few weeks had reportedly seen doctors three times for depression and an eye doctor over fears he was losing his sight . Bild said it discovered that he was prescribed drugs , including the sedative Lorazepam , to combat to range of disorders . Evidence : Police carry a computer out of the house Lubitz shared with his parents in Montabaur , Germany , two days after the disaster . Investigators have also found a tablet computer which revealed a search history from March 16 to March 23 that included medical treatment , suicide methods and cockpit door security . Team talk : French gendarmes get ready to visit the crash site of the German Airbus A320 as part of the search operation in Seyne-les-Alpes . Images showing the damaged black box data flight recorder , the second from the Germanwings Airbus A320 . The second black box from the Germanwings plane , seen during a press conference of the French prosecutor in Marseille , was found ` usable ' condition yesterday . A member of the Dog Services of the French Gendarmerie carries a dog as he prepares to visit the crash site . The first black box voice recorder from the Germanwings flight that was recovered last week and revealed Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane . The second has now also been retrieved from the wreckage . Families of those killed in the Alps crash are likely to receive vastly different payouts depending on their nationality , where they bought the ticket and how much they earned , lawyers said today . Claims can be made either where the ticket was purchased , in the home country of the airline , at courts in the passenger 's destination or in the passenger 's home country . But in air crashes , the amounts awarded for pain and suffering vary by country even though they may all have shared the same fate . Victims from the U.S. tend to receive higher payouts , followed by Europeans and Asians . Lawyer James Healy-Pratt at Stewarts Law LLP , which is advising families of those killed in the Malaysian Air disasters last year , said British parents who lose an adult child can expect compensation of around £ 20,000 , while American parents could expect £ 1.5 million . Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr said on Wednesday that the airline would provide assistance to the families of those killed ` for as long as help is needed ' . Investigators have found mobile phones amid the wreckage but they are yet to be thoroughly examined . Lorazepam belongs to a class of drugs called benzodiazepines which treat a variety of conditions including anxiety , sleeping problems and other mental health disorders . Patients with psychiatric issues are warned it could lead to changes in behaviour . Worryingly , this can include an increased risk of suicide , particularly in the early stages of treatment . Users are also advised to get at least seven hours continuous sleep or it can cause memory loss from the time you wake up to the time the effects of the drug have worn off . Due to its strong soporific effect , it can hamper your ability to drive or operate machinery . Source : NHS Choices . A pharmacologist said : ` It is prescribed to combat anxiety , tension and sleep disorders . Whether you should fly a plane or even drive is questionable . ' Doctors had recently found no sign that Lubitz intended to hurt himself or others . But he was receiving treatment from neurologists and psychiatrists who had signed him off sick from work a number of times , including on the day of the crash . German transport minister Alexander Dobrindt yesterday announced the setting up of the task force that would look at , among other things , whether extra checks on the mental health of pilots should be introduced . Investigators continue to deny reports that mobile phone footage from on board the jet had emerged . They say they have found phones amid the wreckage but the devices have yet to be thoroughly examined . Special mountain troops are continuing to search for personal belongings . French forensics experts confirmed yesterday they had identified DNA strands from all 150 victims of the crash . Rescue workers examine wreckage at the site of the Germanwings Airbus A320 crash in the French Alps . Andreas Lubitz exploited post-9 / 11 safety mechanisms to carry out his murderous plan . He waited for his captain , Patrick Sondenheimer , to leave the flight deck and go to the toilet before commanding the Airbus A320 to descend . Once out of the cockpit , the door locked automatically . Ironically , this auto-lock feature , which led to Lubitz having sole control of the plane , was introduced as a way of improving flight safety in the wake of 9/11 . Scroll down for video . The Airbus A-320 is fitted with a safety system , pictured , to prevent unauthorised access to the flight deck . Lubitz was sitting in this cockpit , pictured , when he commanded the jet to crash into the Alps at 400mph . The Airbus A320 is fitted with a locking mechanism to prevent unauthorised access to the flight deck while the aircraft is in flight . The door was also specially strengthened , to prevent someone from being able to barge their way through . The safety systems were improved in the aftermath of the 9/11 terror attacks where hijackers were able to gain access to the cockpit and take over the aircraft . Access to the cockpit door on the Germanwings Airbus A320 -LRB- like the one above -RRB- can be disabled from inside the flight deck to prevent hijacking . In normal flight , the door to the flight is closed and locked . Cabin crew can use a code and gain access to the flight deck . Entry is controlled by the flight crew , in case of a possible hijack attempt . The Cockpit Door Locking System -LRB- CDLS -RRB- according to the flight manual ` provides a means of electrically locking and unlocking the cockpit door ' . The CDLS is located in the central pedestal between both pilots and has a toggle switch which controls the door . They also have a CCTV camera so they can see who is seeking access , and if they are under any form of duress . Pilots can restrict access to the flight deck although cabin crew can gain entry in an emergency . However , this emergency access can be over-ridden by the pilot for between five to 20 minutes . The limited time to keep the door closed is itself a safety feature , in case the flight crew become incapacitated . After the predetermined time , the keypad on the outside of the cockpit door will become operational again , unless the pilot actively restricts access again . Also the cockpit door has several other safety features in case of a sudden decompression which will cause the door to open . The pilot has to flick one simple switch , pictured , to lock the cabin door for between five and 20 minutes .