For some expectant mothers , giving up alcohol or coffee for the duration of their pregnancy can feel a hardship . But one mother-to-be had to give up much more than that for the sake of her unborn daughter . Lynn , from Chippenham , had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain as she suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia . Lynn and husband Liam tried for a baby for three years so when she fell pregnant , she did n't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief for her scoliosis and hip dysplasia symptoms . The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly , which causes pain when she moves . She also has scoliosis -LRB- curvature of the spine -RRB- . Due to her disabilities , Lynn has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about . She also needs to take painkillers to give her some respite from the daily discomfort . But after becoming pregnant with a baby girl after three years of trying to conceive with husband , Liam , Lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their baby . She made the brave decision even though the weight of her baby bump put extra strain on her joints . ` I decided I would stop taking my painkillers when pregnant as there was n't 100 per cent proof it would all be okay for baby so I stopped to be on the safe side , ' she explained on My Extraordinary Pregnancy , which airs tonight on TLC . Lynn explains when pregnant that she 's prepared to forgo pain relief for the sake of her baby . Healthy Libby was then delivered via caesarean section but Lynn had hoped for a natural birth . ` She 's so special and it took such a long time to get her , I do n't want to do anything to risk the pregnancy . ' Husband Liam , an IT consultant , said he understood Lynn 's decision but he said he found it hard to see her suffering . ` She wants to be a normal mother and do everything normally but because of her condition she 's not always able to , ' he said . ` My admiration for her has grown , the pain she goes through daily has increased and got worse every day . Coping with that without pain killers is a big thing . ' ` The pain she 's going through on a daily basis has increased . ' Lynn , who has only 30 per cent mobility with her hips , said her problems began when she was a small child . ` The pain started when I was quite young and I had the first surgery when I was five . ` Growing up I had a lot of hip pain and back pain and initially I did n't know what it was . As a teenager I had to wear a body brace which was difficult . ' Her mother Jennifer said : ` As a child she would never show when things hurt . You 'd ask how she was feeling and she 'd say `` I 'm fine '' , she would always cover everything up and tell you what you wanted to hear to make you feel better . ' Lynn 's condition was diagnosed as a teenager and she has always been determined not to let her disability get in the way of her living a ` normal ' life . She works as an occupational therapist for the NHS , plays wheelchair tennis and wanted to be able to deliver her baby naturally despite her hip problems . Despite her hip problems , Lynn , pictured in hospital with Liam and Libby after her birth , had wanted a natural delivery but had to have a c-section as Libby was breeched . Adjusting to life as a mother with limited mobility means Lynn has had a chairlift installed in her home . The new mother is determined not to let her disabilities get in her way . However , this was not possible in the end as her baby was in the breech position so she had to have her daughter , Libby , via a caesarean section . Lynn said afterwards : ` It 's been a hard journey but well worth it . ' Following the birth . Lynn has to allow changes she 's always resisted - such as having a chairlift installed in their home - to take place so she can better care for Libby with her physical limitations . Lynn admits she 's always tried to do things for herself but she admits as a new mother , she has to accept more help for the sake of her daughter . Following the safe arrival of Libby , the couple had an anxious six week wait to find out if she also has hip dysplasia as there is thought to be genetic link . Those with hip dysplasia are five to ten times times more likely to have baby with condition and it 's more common in female and first-born babies . Lynn and Liam return to hospital six weeks after Libby 's birth to hear the good news that she does n't also have hip dysplasia as there is a genetic link . The couple were delighted when a scan revealed Libby does not have the condition . However , if she did , the fact it had been detected early would mean doctors would be able to help her . This was something Lynn was keen to pursue as her own late diagnosis contributed to the mobility problems she has now . ` I 'm so pleased she does n't have to go through any of it , ' she said after hearing Libby 's six week scan gave her the all clear . ` If I have any doubts in my mind or as she 's growing up I will push for her to be checked again . ' My Extraordinary Pregnancy is on TLC Mondays at 9 pm .