An image of a woman breastfeeding her toddler while sitting on the toilet with her trousers around her ankles has caused a storm on the internet . Originally posted on Instagram and then shared on the Facebook page of Life of Dad , which describes itself as ` the social network for dads ' , the picture has now been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on Facebook more than 211,000 times . Alabama-born mom-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach , is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image . The picture has divided those who 've seen it with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking . Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach , known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy , Third Watch and ER . Scroll down for video . The chaos of motherhood laid bare : Mum-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach , from Los Angeles , shared this photo of herself breastfeeding her toddler daughter while on the toilet . The image has since gone viral . Unapologetic : Elisha Wilson Beach posted the image alongside a series of hashtags to explain her reasons for posting the image including #confessionsofamom , #ididthat and #iamnotsorry . Debate : The image , which has attracted more than 25,000 shares on Facebook has provoked debate . Alongside the image are the words : ` This is motherhood and it ai n't always pretty . What 's your #momtruth ? #motherhood #motherhoodaintpretty #tmi #confessionsofamom #ididthat #iamnotsorry ' The snap has divided the internet community with much of the online furore focused around hygiene . One Facebook user , Amanda Martin , wrote : ` I would never ever breastfeed my child in the bathroom . It 's unsanitary regardless . ` Stick your kid in the crib until you 're done , or pump it and give it to them . ' Another , Karen Bryce , chimed in : ` How can you say this picture is beautiful ? I think its very distasteful . ` Would you allow your partner to take a picture of you while doing the toilet ? And then post it for all to see ? ' On Twitter , the image has also been doing the rounds with one user , @SeanKessie , saying : ` So disgusting , see photo of a mother breastfeeding her child while using the toilet . ' While another , @WillTwerk4Food , expressed their dismay at the whole scene saying : ` It 's the breastfeeding ... the tampons on the floor ... her being on the toilet ... just everything . ' Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach , best known for his roles on Third Watch , Sons of Anarchy and ER . Divisive : Many people took to Twitter to voice their opinions on the image including @SeanKessie , who called the shot ` disgusting ' This user , @WillTwerk4Food , complains about the general disarray of the bathroom as well as the nursing . There were also plenty of comments suggesting that Wilson Beach was n't actually breastfeeding and that it was her elbow in the shot , something which the mother herself quickly cleared up . Posting her own riposte to the criticism on Facebook , she said : ` This is my picture and yes I am breastfeeding . ` I shared it on Instagram knowing that some people would think it 's TMI but it 's reality . Wilson Beach , who describes herself on Instagram as ` a mom , wife , arts educator , foodie , nauralista and more ' adds : ` Everybody complains that social media is full of people pretending to live picture perfect lives and I see so many mothers doubting themselves based on those photos . She continued : ` Well , this is reality and so many mothers are doing this exact thing right now . Motherhood ai n't pretty but then that 's what makes it so beautiful . ' The overwhelming reaction has been supportive though with many praising Wilson Beach 's honesty for showing how demanding life can be with a young child . In 2014 , students at the University of North Texas created When Nurture Calls campaign encouraging mothers not to retreat to the bathroom when nursing their children . On Facebook , Katrina L Pleasant-Wheatley wrote : ` This pretty much sums up mommyhood ' , while another user , Alicia Ringsaker , added : ` To the people calling this unsanitary or gross , most people brush their teeth in the bathroom and leave their toothbrushes in the bathroom . ` How is this gross and not that ? Breasts are way more sanitary in the bathroom than your toothbrushes . ' There was also love for Wilson Beach on Twitter , with @joytammy writing : ` What is wrong with this photo ? This beautiful mother was pictured breastfeeding her baby in the toilet . ' Last year , a powerful ad campaign showed women nursing their babies in toilets in a bid to persuade people that women should n't be shamed into retreating into public bathrooms to breastfeed . The When Nurture Calls campaign was launched to show ` mothers who have been harassed to the point where they feel they have no other option but to nurture their baby in the restroom as to not offend anyone . ' It pointed out that ` a baby should never be nurtured where nature calls . '