Video footage has emerged of a law enforcement officer grabbing a cell phone from the hands of a woman recording him and throwing it violently to the pavement in southern California . The 53-second video , posted on YouTube , features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday . About 25 seconds into the clip , the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her . The 53-second video , posted on YouTube , features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday . About 25 seconds into the clip , the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her . Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone and throws it to the ground . Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone , throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage . As the man returns to his previous position , the woman is seen scrambling for her phone . She then turns to the woman across the street who has been recording the incident and asks : ` Did you record that ? ' South Gate Police Chief Randy Davis has confirmed to NBC4 that the man is with the U.S. Marshals . A spokesperson for the U.S. Marshals has said the shocking footage ` is being reviewed . ' The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department is also investigating the video . A spokesperson for the U.S. Marshals has said the shocking footage ` is being reviewed ' , while the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department is also investigating . South Gate Police Chief Randy Davis has confirmed that the man who is seen kicking the phone in the video is with the U.S. Marshals . As the man returns to his previous position , the woman is seen scrambling for her phone . She then turns to the woman across the street who has been recording the incident and asks : ` Did you record that ? ' The incident took place as officers from multiple agencies were responding to a report of a biker gang meeting at a local bar during which six arrests were made . It was unknown if the woman in the footage was affiliated with the gang . Davis said that no police officers from the South Gate Police Department were involved in the incident .