If you struggle to get your child to go to school in the morning , do n't blame them - it could be your fault . Our willingness to learn - or lack thereof - is significantly influenced by our genes , according to a large study . The researchers found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children 's motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents . Our willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes , according to a study by Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University . More than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- . Psychologists from Goldsmiths University of London , and Ohio State University in the US studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries , including the UK , Canada , Japan , Germany , Russia and the US . The researchers said they were surprised by the results , believing that the twins ' shared environment - elements such as the teachers and the family that they had in common - would be a larger factor than genetics . Instead , genetics and non-shared-environment factors had the largest effect on the children 's motivation to learn , whereas the shared environment had negligible impact . Genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children 's motivation to learn , whereas the shared environment had negligible impact -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- . A review of 308 studies involving more than 1.1 million children has now completely overturned this long-held stereotype . The study , which looked at data from 1914 to 2011 , suggests that girls do better in school than boys - and have been doing so for at least 100 years . The research also claims that girls do better at all ages , in all subjects and all over the world . According to the data , compiled by the University of New Brunswick in Canada , girls have been outperforming boys throughout their academic careers , from infant school to secondary school . Accordingly , we should not jump to conclusions that a poor teacher or the child themselves is to blame for a lack of motivation in the classroom , the researchers said . ` We had pretty consistent findings across these different countries with their different educational systems and different cultures , ' said Professor Stephen Petrill , of Ohio State University . ` It was surprising . The knee-jerk reaction is to say someone is not properly motivating the student , or the child himself is responsible . ` We found that there are personality differences that people inherit that have a major impact on motivation . ` That does n't mean we do n't try to encourage and inspire students , but we have to deal with the reality of why they are different . ' The results do n't mean there is a specific gene for how much children enjoy learning , he added , but they suggest a complex process , involving many genes and gene-environment interactions that help influence a child 's motivation to learn . The study will be published in the journal Personality and Individual Differences .