A beach-side apartment complex in the Hamptons has been obliterated by flames . Smoked poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3 pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building eventually collapsed . It is not known what started the blaze , which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Ravaged : Ninety condos on the beach in Westhampton were obliterated by flames on Wednesday afternoon . Intense : Smoke poured toward the ocean and could be seen from three miles away as 12 fire crews tried to control the flames . Before : This is what the pristine complex looked like before the fire . It is used as a holiday home by residents between May and November . Twelve fire teams were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes . Nobody was hurt . Janice Sklarek , who owns one of the apartments in the Sandpiper complex which is open between May and November , told NBC : ` We saw the big black smoke coming off the ocean and could n't get down here fast enough . ` Flames were coming out of every window . ` This is something that you think happen to other people , but when it happens to yourself , it 's just unbelievable . ' ` Lost everything ' : The building manager who lived and worked in the Sandpiper complex was distraught watching the fire . Best efforts : Firefighters used cranes to approach the fire which was so strong they could n't get inside the building . Intense : Residents said the fire , whic is being investigated , was so intense it melted the paint off buildings nearby . Her partner , building manager Rob Taber who lived and worked in the building , said he has lost everything . A witness , Dave Rose , told ABC 7 : ` You could see flames from about three miles away and you still saw all the flames going up . ' Westhampton fire chief Ross Donneson told NBC : ` Luckily the wind was offshore , so we had good visibility of the front of the structure and we set up our apparatus to combat the fire . ' He told ABC 7 they are investigating claims the fire started near a car parked by the complex .