Three more of Hillary Clinton 's ` everyday Americans ' have been revealed to have strong links to the Democrat party - including one who could be set to support a rival bid for the White House . Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in on the video announcing Clinton 's 2016 bid . They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement , to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job - chosen to show aspirational citizens as Clinton looks to speak to to wide demographic of voters . ` Everyday Americans need a champion , and I want to be that champion , ' Clinton says on the video . ` So I 'm hitting the road to earn your vote . ' But far from being ` everyday Americans ' , as the two minute video claims , Stauch and Bagniewski are directly involved with the Democrat party - just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson , from Chicago , Illinois , who discuss their upcoming wedding plans on screen . Scroll down for video . Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy appear discussing their plans for 2015 on Cinton 's video announcing she is running for president - the Secretary of State 's ` plan ' for this year . But it has been revealed Bagniewski , who has previously run as for Des Moines City Council , was a campaigner for Clinton in 2007 . Bagniewski , who lost in 2013 , is also said to be in talks with Martin O'Malley 's people and may support him . Lawyers Bagniewski and Reddy are shown in their home in Des Moines , Iowa , discussing their plans for 2015 . ` We 've been doing a lot of home renovations , ' Reddy tells the cameraman . But then Bagniewski chimes in : ` But most importantly , we really just want to teach our dog to stop eating the trash . ' ` And so we have high hopes for 2015 , that that is going to happen , ' she laughs . However , their plans for this year may not involve actually supporting Clinton 's White House bid . A source has told the DailyMail.com Bagniewski , who ran for Des Moines City Council in 2013 , losing by 270 votes , is in talks with Martin O'Malley 's people and may support him . Indeed , Bagniewski revealed to the Des Moines Register that he had been hosting an event for O'Malley last Thursday . O'Malley , who has just completed two terms as Maryland governor , is said to be considering running for president himself . The Democrat , 52 , is expected to declare in May , but is keeping relatively tight-lipped about his intentions . ` My wife and I will make a decision on that when the time is right , ' O'Malley told the Baltimore Sun earlier this year . But it seems Clinton 's campaign team can breathe a sigh of relief : Bagniewski went on to tell the Register : ` O'Malley 's great - but for me , Hillary Clinton is just head and shoulders above all the competition . ' Julie Stauch is another person who appears on the video with strong links to the Democrat party . Stauch , an Iowa resident , is the former state senate campaign manager for Democrat Wendy Davis . Meanwhile Stauch , who is filmed in her West Des Moines garden , is a former state senate campaign manager for Democrat Wendy Davis , who unsuccessfully ran to be governor of Texas in 2014 . Davis is best-known for he 11-hour filibuster to block a bill which would have meant the closure of almost every abortion clinic in the state . Stauch has worked in a PR office for Planned Parenthood , and a LinkedIn profile now shows her as the group 's top lobbyist in Iowa . However , in the video she is a woman famed for the produce gleaned from her Iowa garden . ` It 's spring , and we are starting to get the garden ready - and my tomatoes are legendary in my own neighborhood , ' she said . Jared Milrad -LRB- pictured right -RRB- and fiancé Nate Johnson have also been revealed as campaigning Democrats . The couple , who are planning a summer wedding , were featured walking hand in hand during Clinton 's video . The video , which has had 3,477,630 on YouTube since its launch on Sunday , has quickly become one of the most viewed political broadcasts of the year - a fact which will no doubt help Clinton as she begins meeting people in Iowa today . Featuring snappy music , and showing Clinton for less than half the running time , it is a dramatic departure from the campaign launch of seven years ago , which showed the Secretary of State on a couch , talking about ending the Iraq war , shrinking deficits and expanding affordable health care . The 2015 video has managed to strike a chord with a range of people , with Democrat campaigners Milrad and Johnson talking about their up-coming nuptials capturing people 's imagination . Milrad 's voice is heard in a voiceover saying : ` I 'm getting married this summer to someone I really care about . ' Milrad , who did not know they would be on the video , said he was overjoyed to be part of the Clinton rollout - and part of a large-scale change in U.S. social attitudes . ` It shows how far we 've come , ' said Milrad , 31-year-old lawyer and social activist , pleased that public support for same-sex marriage rights has grown so far as to appear in a presidential campaign launch . Mr Johnson , 30 , is a project manager for a health care consulting company . The couple will get married in July in a Chicago park bordering Lake Michigan then have their reception at a LGBT community center , The Washington Blade reported . The couple told The Blade that they would be making financial contributions to Clinton 's campaign and would volunteer . Both have previously volunteered in presidential campaigns . Johnson supported Clinton in 2008 while Milrad worked for Obama in New Hampshire . Milrad , who is the founder of social enterprise program the Civic Legal Corps , worked for Obama during the 2008 Democrat primaries in New Hampshire when the President was running against Clinton . Milrad , who is a lawyer and social campaigner , worked for Obama in New Hampshire during his 2008 White House bid . The couple pictured at the White House . They have been active campaigners in Democrat campaigns and plan to donate financially to Clinton 's White House bid .