The shocking moment cyclists dodged the safety barriers at a level crossing to race through the path of a speeding train has been caught on camera . During the Paris-Roubaix race - Sir Bradley Wiggins ' last for Team Sky - competitors approached a crossing over a train track . But as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through , the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain seconds on their rivals - and putting their lives at risk . Scroll down for video . Cyclists weave and dodge the safety barriers to gain precious seconds on the race , despite the oncoming train . A tired looking Sir Bradley Wiggins sits in the Roubaix Velodrome after coming 18th in his final race for Sky . A cyclist nips across the track in spite of the police warning - and seconds before a train passes through . The racers are still on the edge of their seats as they wait for the train to pass and level crossings to rise . A policeman on a motorbike pulls up to take charge of the situation and stop more cyclists risking their safety for the race - yet another three daredevils slip past him and onto the crossing . Mere seconds later a TGV rushes along the train tracks . BBC sports commentator Rob Hayles said the competitors had had a close shave . ` This could have ended in disaster . You could see riders nipping across but that train was n't slowing down ' , he said . Around 85 km into the race , the cyclists desperately try to cross the traintracks before the barriers descend . Sir Bradley Wiggins took part in the race - renowned for its demanding route - for the last time for Team Sky . Cyclists who did cross the rail-tracks could yet be disqualified from the race , as they are expressly banned from crossing a level crossing when the barriers are down . The one-day road race , which runs from Compiègne , 50 miles outside Paris , to the northern town of Roubaix , was won by German cyclist John Degenkolb . The race is known for its challenging 254 km route , which includes 27 cobbled sections and level crossings . It was the last time British Tour de France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins would compete for Team Sky , and told their official site before the race it was a great way to finish . Riding in his final race for Team Sky , the Olympic and World time-trial champion failed to win the prestigious Paris-Roubaix one-day race . ` It 's probably the only race other than the Tour de France where riders plug on to get to the finish . he said . ` Even if I 've been dropped or crashed , I 'll ride on with a broken collarbone just to come into the velodrome as it 's my last race . No other race would be like that . ' During the race his teammate Geriant Thomas - who managed to avoid the level crossing incident - suffered a puncture . It was a fitting end for Wiggins , who was among the first riders to join Team Sky for its inaugural season in 2010 . Mathias Hamar shared the competition rules on Twitter - stating that it is ` strictly forbidden ' for cyclists to cross level crossing . Offending riders should be disqualified from the competition , the rules add . ` Riders plug on to get to the finish ' , Sir Wiggins said before the race - where cyclists risked life and limb to cross a closed level crossing and beat the pack . This was his final race with Team Sky . Fans created a special sign for Sir Wiggins , who in 2012 was the first British cyclist to win the Tour de France . Showing appreciation : Fans hold a sign thanking Wiggins at the Roubaix Velodrome at the end of the race .