A man was left with a swollen and painful penis thanks to injecting himself with petroleum jelly in the hope it would make his manhood bigger . Father-of-one Szilveszter , 24 , who now lives in Bolton , feared he would never be able to have more children after the DIY procedure left him unable to have sex . He said : ` I had to stop having sex with my wife as it 's too painful . I would like to have more children but if I ca n't have sex I may lose my family . Father-of-one Szilveszter injected petroleum jelly into his penis as he wanted to make it bigger . Instead it became so swollen and inflammed , he was unable to have sex and was in constant pain . ` Every day is difficult for me as it 's very painful and bleeding . This was the worst mistake in my life as I do n't feel like a real man . ' Hungarian born Szilveszter shares his story on the latest series of TLC show Extreme Beauty Disasters . He said he had Vaseline injected into his penis following a friend 's recommendation . He explains : ` I said to my friend I want to lose weight as I think my penis is small . He said you do n't need to lose weight , I can help you . My friend injected in my penis Vaseline . Afterwards I was happy as it looked bigger . ' But nine months later , his penis was swollen , painful and bleeding . He went to his GP and saw other doctors but all told him there was nothing they could do . Cosmetic surgeon Dr Vik Vijh , left , said injecting Vaseline , right , into the body is a very bad idea . Szilveszter turned to Extreme Beauty Disasters resident plastic surgeon Dr Vik Vijh who said there was hope he could be cured - but it would n't be easy . After examining Szilveszter Dr Vijh said : ` It 's not a pretty slight , it 's inflammed , it 's sore , it 's misshapen , his penis is a disaster . ' He added : ` I have been doing plastic surgery now for 20 years and I have never seen anything like this . Injecting petroleum jelly into the penis makes no sense on any level . ' Dr Vijh gave Szilveszter an MRI scan which revealed the large , hard bumps around his penis had formed thanks to his body reacting to the invasion of Vaseline . Dr Vijh explained : ` Your body has formed scar tissue around the Vaseline because it 's a foreign body , your body is trying to ward it off and it gives you these painful lumps , it will soon start to ulcer through the skin . ` The other problem is the foreskin is swelling and splitting - the foreskin is 15 times more swollen than should be . ' After examining Szilveszter Dr Vijh said he had never seen anything like it and the only treatment would be to ` skin ' the penis to get rid of the Vaseline and scar tissue . The cosmetic surgeon said the only option would be for Szilveszter to have an operation where his penis would be ` skinned ' to remove the Vaseline and scar tissue . ` I have never done this before but fingers crossed we can save his penis , ' Dr Vijh said . After hours of surgery , the operation was a success . As a result of Dr Vihj removing all the Vaseline and scar tissue , Szilveszter is now back in full health following his recovery from the operation . He said : ` I am much better . It has healed well , it 's painfree and working . I can have sex with my wife again . ` Many people said we ca n't help you . Dr Vijh did a perfect job , he has changed my life . ' The father said he had learnt his lesson and wo n't meddle with his penis size again . Extreme Beauty Disasters is on TLC Thursdays at 8 pm .