Fresh testimonies from a small island community in the Maldives has reignited reports that missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could have crashed over 5000 kilometres away from the official search led by Australian authorities . Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo , located in the southern area of the Dhaalu Atoll in the Maldives , reported witnessing ` a low-flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of March 8 last year , when the flight disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board . The reports come as acoustic scientists from Curtin University refuse to rule out the possibility that ` distinctive ' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the Indian Ocean . Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing ` a low-flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of March 8 last year when MH370 disappeared . Kudahuvadhoo is located in the southern area of the Dhaalu Atoll , in the Maldives , in the Indian Ocean . Despite an exhaustive search that is underway along a 600 square kilometre arc approximately 1800 kilometres southwest of Perth , locals from the island believe they identified red and blue markings , similar to those of the missing plane , on a large passenger jet which flew over the island on the morning of the MH370 's disappearance , reported The Weekend Australian . Villagers from the community of 3500 claim that many on the island saw the passenger plane , and were interviewed by police and testified with signed statements to what they witnessed . ` I 'm very sure of what I saw on a very clear and bright day , and what I saw was not normal - the plane was very big , and low . I did not know until later that other people saw it too . I do n't know if it 's the Malaysia plane ' , said Ahmed Shiyaam , 34 , an IT manager . Abdu Rasheed Ibrahim said he saw the plane flying towards him over the water , and did not know at the time that it could be the missing Malaysian Airlines flight . ` I did n't know that a plane was missing . I went straight home and told my wife about it . I told my family , `` I saw this strange plane '' . This is the biggest plane I have ever seen from this island ... I have seen pictures of the missing plane - I believe I saw the plane ... I strongly felt those people who were searching should come here , ' Mr Ibrahim said . The Maldvies National Defence Force released a statement in March last year which denied that there had been any aircrafts in the area at the time of the disappearance , which locals have branded as an attempt to hide the limitations of their radar facilities . A local media outlet reported that witnesses claimed the plane was travelling north to southeast , and that the plane was travelling so low it 's doors could be seen . ` I 've never seen a jet flying so low over our island before . We 've seen seaplanes , but I 'm sure that this was not one of those . I could even make out the doors on the plane clearly , ' an eyewitness told the website . Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board . The search for the missing plane has been headed up by the Joint Agency Co-ordination Centre . The search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia . ` It 's not just me either , several other residents have reported seeing the exact same thing . Some people got out of their houses to see what was causing the tremendous noise too . ' The plane dropped off the civilian radar after its transponder and other equipment were switched off shortly after takeoff from Kuala Lumpur . It was then tracked by Malaysia 's military radar heading towards the Indian Ocean . Over the past year , the search for the missing plane by the Joint Agency Co-ordination Centre , headed by Australia , has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia . The location of the search was primarily calculated by sophisticated satellite technology which recorded ` pings ' or ` electronic handshakes ' sent between MH370 and a satellite for the final hours of it 's journey . The flight made a number of unexplained deviations , and flew for several hours in radio silence after it lost contact with Air Traffic Control while flying between Malaysia and Vietnam . As of early March 40 per cent of the area had been scrutinised , but there have been no sightings of debris on the surface or any clues that the aircraft is lying on the sea bed in region covered so far . ` Based on all available data as well as circumstances ... survivability in the defined area is highly unlikely . It is therefore with the heaviest heart and deepest sorrow that we officially declare Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 an accident , ' said Malaysia 's civil aviation chief , Azharuddin Abdul Rahman . Malaysia 's civil aviation chief , Azharuddin Abdul Rahman declared the crash an accident . Dr Alec Duncan -LRB- left -RRB- from Curtin University 's Centre for Marine Science and Technology began investigating a low-frequency underwater sound signal . The signal was recorded west of Rottnest Island using acoustic recorders -LRB- above -RRB- at 1:30 am on March 8 . The reports from Kudahuvadhoo follow information released from Curtin University that a ` clear acoustic signal ' was recorded at a time reasonably consistent with the timeline of the plane 's disappearance . Dr Alec Duncan and his associates from the university 's Centre for Marine Science and Technology began investigating a low-frequency underwater sound signal which was recorded west of Rottnest Island just after 1:30 am UTC on March 8 . The Centre , along with United Nations ' Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organisation -LRB- CTBTO -RRB- and Geoscience Australia were involved in investigating data that might prove helpful to the search , and originally determined that the noise 's source was close to the Maldives and Kudahuvadhoo . ` Data from one of the IMOS -LRB- Integrated Marine Observing System -RRB- recorders showed a clear acoustic signal at a time that was reasonably consistent with other information relating to the disappearance of MH370 , ' Dr Duncan said in a statement released by Curtin University . An Indian sand artist created a message of prayer for the missing crew and passengers of the flight . Relatives of the missing passengers of flight MH370 visit a temple in China to pray for their family members . Relatives of passengers of the flight are told the news that MH370 plunged into the sea on March 24 , 2014 . ` The crash of a large aircraft in the ocean would be a high energy event and expected to generate intense underwater sounds . ' Dr Duncan said that the noise may have been due to a geological event , including a small earth tremor , but the timing piqued the interest of his research team . ` It would be more correct to say that our team has identified an approximate possible location for the origin of a noise that is probably of geological origin , but can not be ruled out as being connected with the loss of MH370 , ' he told The Weekend Australian . In early March , Malaysia 's transport minister , Liow Tiong Lai , said that data will be re-examined and a new plan formulated if the plane is not found by the end of May . It is one year since Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 went missing . Here is a timeline of the main events over the last 12 months . 2014 . 2015 .