Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for West Brom 's home clash with Leicester ... West Bromwich Albion vs Leicester City -LRB- The Hawthorns -RRB- . Team news . West Brom . Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban . The defender missed last Saturday 's 4-1 defeat to QPR but Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off in the game and starts a three-game ban against Barclays Premier League rivals Leicester . Craig Dawson brings down Manchester City 's Wilfried Bony which earned him a retrospective red card for West Brom after Gareth McAuley -LRB- left -RRB- was mistakenly dismissed for the challenge . Ben Foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury while Callum McManaman is not yet fit despite closing in on a comeback after a foot problem . Provisional squad : Myhill , Rose , Gamboa , Pocognoli , Wisdom , Lescott , Dawson , Olsson , McAuley , Baird , Brunt , Morrison , Fletcher , Yacob , Gardner , Sessegnon , Berahino , Anichebe , Ideye . Leicester . Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester 's trip to West Brom . Defender Upson missed the 2-1 win over West Ham last week with an achilles problem while midfielder Hammond has been sidelined since January with a calf issue but both are back in training . Matthew Upson closes down a Leicester team-mate in training on Thursday and could face West Brom . Boss Nigel Pearson has no further injury worries as his rock bottom side continue to fight for Barclays Premier League survival . Provisional squad : Schmeichel , Schwarzer , Hamer , Simpson , Moore , Upson , Wasilewski , Morgan , Huth , De Laet , Konchesky , King , Hammond , Knockaert , Albrighton , Schlupp , Cambiasso , James , Mahrez , Nugent , Kramaric , Vardy , Ulloa . Kick-off : Saturday , 3 pm . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . West Brom 21/20 . Draw 23/10 . Leicester 13/5 . Referee : Martin Atkinson . Managers : Tony Pulis -LRB- West Brom -RRB- , Nigel Pearson -LRB- Leicester -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : West Brom wins 45 , draws 20 , Leicester wins 30 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . West Brom have won each of their last four competitive encounters with Leicester City . There has been an own goal scored in each of the last two competitive meetings between the Baggies and the Foxes . James Morrison scored for West Brom in their last meeting at the Hawthorns , more than five years ago . Tony Pulis has not lost three successive Premier League games since April 2013 when he was at Stoke . Leicester have scored five goals in their last two Premier League games , as many as the previous eight games combined . Wes Morgan 's header rebounds off Leicester team-mate Esteban Cambiasso leading to an own goal against the Foxes and giving West Brom a 1-0 win at the King Power Stadium back in November . West Brom have scored more than twice in only one Premier League game this season -LRB- 4-0 vs Burnley -RRB- . No team has conceded more own goals than Leicester this season -LRB- five , level with Sunderland -RRB- . Leicester have allowed their opponents more clear cut chances than any other team this season -LRB- 67 -RRB- . The Hawthorns has seen the most goals in the opening 15 minutes of games this season -LRB- 10 -RRB- . Esteban Cambiasso has scored four goals from just five shots on target in the top-flight this term .