A Dutchman abducted by Al Qaeda in Mali nearly four years ago has been freed after a raid by French special forces . The French military said the rescue of Sjaak Rijke took place at 5 am today in the far north of the African country . French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed and others captured . But there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time . Scroll down for video . Dutch national Sjaak Rijke -LRB- seen , above , in a video in August 2012 while being held hostage by an Al Qaeda splinter group -RRB- has been rescued by French special forces nearly four years after being captured in Mali . Mr Hollande 's statement did not identify who was holding Rijke , but the Dutchman appeared in a video posted in November by Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . Some 3,000 French forces are taking part in the mission to stabilize Mali , which was overrun by Al Qaeda - linked extremists until French troops came to the aid of Malian soldiers in January 2013 . Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011 from a hostel in Timbuktu along with two other people . A German died in the attack . Officials in France and the Netherlands did not say whether there was any news of the other two . However , it is thought they are still being held . Safe : A picture released and muzzed by the French Army and the French Defence Ministry shows Al Qaeda hostage Sjaak Rijke -LRB- with his face obscured -RRB- with French soldiers after being rescued in Mali this morning . France said Rijke was safely evacuated to a French operating base in Tassalit . Hostage-taking has proved to be a lucrative business in Mali , other Sahel countries and further afield in the war zone of Syria and Iraq . Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders said Rijke is being cared for by Dutch embassy staff and troops in Mali , and is doing well under the circumstances . ` This is fantastic news for Sjaak and his family . I 'm happy and relieved that this terrible period of uncertainty and sadness has been brought to an end , ' Koenders said .