Prince Charles is to name a pub in his designer village Poundbury after the Duchess of Cornwall - it will be built on the centre-piece Queen Mother Square . The inn , which will have 20 bedrooms , is being built in the prince 's model village in Dorset as a joint development between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse . The estate , which is on his Duchy of Cornwall land near Dorchester , already has a Prince George House . An artist 's impression of the pub : The Duchess of Cornwall pub is to be built on Queen Mother Square . Prince Charles - seen here in a file picture enjoying a pint with his wife Camilla while touring the country - named the village 's centre-piece square after his grandmother and one building after his grandson George . Poundbury is Prince Charles ' personal 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a perfect , utopian idyll . Inside the estate there is supposed to be no social classes , and schools , shops and places of work are all within a short walking distance . The pub is expected to open early next year . Poundbury already has a pub , The Poet Laureate , but Prince Charles ' estate says there is growing demand for another . Anthony Woodhouse , Hall & Woodhouse 's managing director , said : ` It 's a great privilege to be entrusted by the Duchy to develop this prestigious site . ` Our inn will blend with and mirror Poundbury 's architecture and His Royal Highness 's vision . '' ` The Duchess of Cornwall '' is being designed with reference to our flagship site in Bath . ` We are delighted to have received planning permission for 20 beautiful bedrooms above the bar-restaurant for visitors to stay in and use as a base to enjoy Poundbury and Dorset . The new pub named after the Duchess of Cornwall is to be built in Prince Charles ' model village Poundbury . ` We 'll offer a great menu , lovely coffee , tea and cakes and the full range of our Badger cask and bottled beers . Our aim is to provide a community facility for all occasions that both residents and visitors to Poundbury can cherish and enjoy . ' Simon Conibear , the Duchy of Cornwall 's Estate Director at Poundbury , said : ` The Duchy of Cornwall is very pleased to be entering a joint venture with Hall & Woodhouse , a well-established Dorset Brewer with a high reputation in both brewing and hospitality . ` We have been particularly impressed with their new establishments in Bath , Portishead and Lulworth and believe they can bring the expertise we require for this important building and facility in Queen Mother Square . ` There has been growing demand for both guest rooms and another pub in Poundbury , and we think it will be popular with local businesses , residents and the thousands of people who visit every year . ' Construction is underway at the site . The joint venture between between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse is expected to be complete next year . Poundbury is Prince Charles ' personal 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a utopian idyll .