Authorities in Texas have banned a seemingly-innocent personalized number plate after three years attached to a swish Lamborghini . Now its Houston owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate ' 370H55V ' - after the Texan Department for Motor Vehicles saw it spelled ` A ** HOLE ' upside-down . The authority has written Mr Hassan a letter explaining that the license plate would be cancelled in a month , writing : ` It has been determined that the personalization is offensive ' . The personalized license plate which the Texan Department for Motor Vehicles deemed was ` offensive ' Cheeky : The real license plate on the left hand side - but look what it reads when it is turned upside down . Owner Safer Hassan said he plans to appeal the decision by the Texan Department for Motor Vehicles . Mr Hassan told TV news programme KPRC-TV that he disagreed with the judgement . ` I think that the state is overreaching their boundaries ' , he said , adding he plans to appeal the decision . State departments across the USA have the ability to ban slang or rude words appearing on cars in their region , . In Texas , numerous naughty drivers have tried - and failed - to get illicit sayings put on plates for their vehicles . One driver thought they were so ` bada ** ' they would tell the world - by applying for this irreverent license plate . A Texan and lover of the female form asked the state department to provide him with this license plate . Those banned include ` I -LSB- heart -RSB- BOOBS ' , ` BAD AX ' and ` JLOBUT ' - presumably a reference to singer and actress Jennifer Lopez 's ample behind . More than 120,000 personalized number plates have been issued by the Texan Department for Motor Vehicles , which can last up to 10 years before the driver has to re-apply . Perhaps wishful thinking was behind this idea for a license plate - also rejected by the Texas state department . Jennifer Lopez topped the charts with her song ` Booty ' , but probably did n't think her bottom would be put on the back side of a car . The application for this license plate was also rejected by the Texas DMV .