Just one day after it was learned Bobby Flay had separated from his wife of 10 years , Law & Order : SVU star Stephanie March , the famous chef has filed for divorce . According to TMZ , the 50-year-old Food Network standout is ` heartbroken ' about the split and his wife is ` mighty unhappy ' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby . Also on Friday the New York Daily News claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010 . Scroll down for video ... Done : Bobby Flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years Stephanie March , TMZ reported on Friday ; here the couple is pictured in June 2013 . ` I know Stephanie basically asked him after January Jones , `` Did you f *** her ? '' ' an insider told the site . March was said to be suspicious after her husband happened to be on the scene when single mother Jones got into a car accident in LA in 2010 . The source added that he denied any romance . Jones is now dating Will Forte , who she was seen with in February at the premiere of The Last Man On Earth . There was concern about this woman : The New York Daily News on Friday claimed that March asked her spouse if he had any romantic liaisons with January Jones - he allegedly said no ; here Jones is pictured in March . Her love interest these days : Jones is now dating Will Forte , who she was seen with in February at the premiere of The Last Man On Earth . Legal documents obtained by TMZ state that the marriage has ` broken down irretrievably . ' It has been reported they separated three weeks ago . And because they have no children together there is no issue about child support but they are fighting over property already , it was alleged on Friday . He has already moved out of their New York City apartment . The couple has secured their own attorneys and are discussing the terms of divorce , according to the news site . Once so close : Flay and March , who reportedly separated three weeks ago , pictured in January 2013 . TMZ went on to report that the marriage began to unravel over the past year and a half . Sources told TMZ that the union crumbled when Stephanie 's appendix burst and Bobby did n't come to the hospital until the next day . Stephanie claimed , according to TMZ , that Bobby said ` he was busy with work ' and instead sent his assistants to help her . Moved out : The Iron Chef Of America star - pictured in 2013 - is said to have moved out of the couple 's New York City apartment . Boiling point : The marriage suffered when Stephanie 's appendix burst and Bobby did n't come to the hospital until the next day because he was busy , TMZ reported ; Flay was pictured with President Obama in 2009 . In February , the pair did n't celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary together . According to TMZ , Bobby attended a wine festival in Florida with his assistants instead . This will be Stephanie 's first divorce and a third for Flay , whose two previous marriages both ended in divorce . In January , Flay was rumoured to be romantically involved with fellow chef Giada De Laurentiis after the 44-year-old Giada At Home star announced her split from her husband of 11 years , Todd Thompson . The Iron Chef Of America star and Giada were spotted having ` a festive dinner out together ' at Cecconi 's , in the private Soho Beach House , in Miami Beach on December 27 , 2014 , as People reported . In a statement to Gossip Cop , Giada said that any suggestion of a romance was false . Bobby has a daughter Sophie with second wife Kate Connelly , who he wed in 1995 and divorced in 1999 . His first wife is Debra Ponzek , who he wed in 1991 and split from in 1993 . ` Festive dinner out ' : Bobby and fellow chef Giada De Laurentiis -LRB- pictured 2012 -RRB- enjoyed ` a festive dinner out ' together in Miami Beach on December 27 , sparking rumours of a romance , which Giada later denied .