If you ever need proof that a healthy lifestyle can give you the body of your dreams , just take a look at Rosie Huntington-Whiteley 's latest lingerie campaign snaps . The supermodel , who follows a strict clean and lean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for Autograph at m & s . The 27-year-old models her new summer sleepwear collection , which is full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints . Rosie Huntington-Whiteley , who follows a strict clean and lean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for Autograph at m & s . ROSIE FOR AUTOGRAPH beau silk lingerie set . Buy at Marks & Spencer . Visit site . Well this made us put our bacon roll down . Gulp . Putting her perfectly sculpted physique on display in a lingerie set from her coveted collection for Marks & Spencer , we do n't know what we want more -- the body or the underwear . One thing we can acquire a lot easier is the underwear , which will only involve a few clicks and skips out on the intensive cardio exercise and organic diet bit . Wearing a blue satin and white lace trim bra and knickers from the new collection , Rosie oozed old Hollywood vibes in the retro inspired set , and our knicker drawers are calling for it . Beautiful lingerie will never go amiss in a woman 's wardrobe and this stunning two piece will set certain pulses racing without a doubt . So make it yours with a click to the right now , or have gander at the style edit below to check out its competition on the virtual high street . Bra-illiant idea ! TOPSHOP Satin and Lace Balconette Bra . Visit site . TOPSHOP Satin and Lace Mini Knickers . Visit site . Betsey Johnson Starlet bra at Nordstrom . Visit site . DKNY Intimates Signature lace bra at Zappos . Visit site . Rosie says she was inspired by all things oriental and she also incorporated the vintage glamour trend she does so well each season . The Devon-born model 's latest pieces , featuring pure silk and French designed lace detailing , have been designed to add a touch of luxury to your night 's sleep , says Rosie . Rosie , 27 , who was inspired by all things oriental , explains that she follows an organic diet and while it 's an investment , she believes it 's a worthy one . Rosie , pictured modelling new items from her sleepwear range , starts the day with a green juice and scrambled eggs with spinach . Sharing her views on healthy eating with Cosmopolitan recently , Rosie said : ` I really enjoy food and never deprive myself . I do n't believe in fad dieting - I believe in enjoying everything in balance . I travel a lot so I often eat out , but I try to enjoy myself . Nobody wants to be that girl ordering a salad . ' Rosie explains that when she 's at home she cooks organic , healthy food , which she says is an investment but a really important one . She starts the day with a green juice and scrambled eggs with spinach . For lunch and dinner , it 's chicken or fish with ` tons of vegetables and salad . ' Beautywise , the glossy supermodel explains that she always carries her ` three-minute face ' with her and uses her products to multi-task . Beautywise , the glossy supermodel explains that she always carries her ` three-minute face ' with her . ` It 's cover-up , concealer and blusher -- and all the products are multipurpose . I put the blush on my lips , cheeks and even my eyes . Those three products serve me well , ' she said . The talented model is also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road , for which the trailer has this week been released . The film 's release date has been brought forward in order to meet public demand for the action thriller . Rosie , left , at Paris Fashion Week , and , right , with boyfriend Jason Statham at the Universal Music Brits , is also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road , for which the trailer has this week been released . When Rosie is back on home turf , she works out with her personal trainer brother , Toby , who also happens to be a model . Toby shared his top tips with FEMAIL for how to stay trim like his sister . 1 . Try to buy and eat organic or free range food whole foods and cut down on processed foods . Fuel yourself properly eat 3 meals a day and drink plenty of water . 2 . Try to get your heart rate up at least once a day . If you do n't go to the gym or play sport , maybe you get off the bus or train a stop early and walk at faster pace than normal to your destination , go for a run in the local park or take a fun exercise class with your friends . Exercise should be fun . Find ways that work for you so you can enjoy yourself . 3 . Make sure you change your program every 4-6 weeks this help you continue to make progress and stops you from plateauing . Write down your workout programs and progress , this helps you see improvements and keep motivated .