Disciplining a child for doing something wrong is a tricky business . Coming up with a punishment that will teach a son or daughter not to commit the crime again but is n't harsh enough to scar them for life is tough . Often , the best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again . Choosing the right punishment for a naughty child is a difficult business -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . Others that work very well include the mind-numbingly dull chores , which drag on for a lifetime . Some cunning parents take away their child 's favourite possession , like a book or a teddy , while others resort to a lengthy lecture . One thing 's for sure , when most parents put their mind to disciplining their child , a trip to the naughty step starts to look like a weekend a way at Butlins . Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children and many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius . Parents often struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . One Reddit user 's mother used her son 's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house . Every time that he stepped out of line - she set him a DIY task in her garden . Douglerful said : ` My mom loves her garden , anytime I did anything to piss her off I had to add to her garden . When I told her I was failing English back in high school my punishment was to build her a pond - it took me a solid week of work to dig it out , line it , shape it , fill it and then plant -LSB- everything -RSB- around it . ` She told me after that , that she really hated the 30 year old cherry tree in the yard and if my grades did n't improve I 'd be removing it . ' It turns out quite a lot of parents use their back gardens to enact punishments onto their children - another adult reminisced about how they were put to task on the lawn with some scissors . Some parents task their children with cutting the lawn with scissors -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . Other boring tasks included making a child write a letter or essay on what they did wrong . Watchyourback said : ` My mom made me write apology letters from when I was little up into high school . Not only did I hate writing them , but she kept all of them so now they 're great for a laugh . ' Many mothers and fathers use their child 's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour in the future . A user who calls themself futureblackpopstar said : ` I have an older brother that loved to annoy me . ` One day I was a bad boy so my parents took away my gameboy and put my older brother in charge of it for 2 weeks - the torment was real . ' Another person 's mother took a more drastic approach , removing everything from her child 's bedroom . A user called imnotacrazyperson said : ` When I was younger , I p ***** off my mom pretty good and when I got home from school my bedroom was empty . She took everything out , my TV , VCR , clothes , even my pillow and sheets . ` I had to do chores and earn back everything bit by bit , one chore for each item . ` I started with my pillow , blankets , sheets , and clothes so I could sleep and go to school the next day . ` It took me nearly two weeks to get everything back - I tried pretty hard after that not to get on her bad side too much after that . ' Many mothers and fathers use their child 's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour in the future -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . Some parents applied the same logic to their child 's wardrobe , taking away all of their favourite clothing , so that they had to live in embarrassingly uncool clothes . One user wrote : ` My 7 year old daughter who loves fashion f ***** up real bad one day - we had tried every standard punishment and nothing ever seemed to phase her . ` Then my husband had the idea to ` ground her from fashion ' and we made her wear solid coloured T-shirts with plain jeans and trainers to school with no accessories for two weeks ... that one got her attention . ' Many parents like to adopt the tactic of embarrassing their child , especially when it comes to a punishment after someone has been caught shoplifting . One user said : ` The first and only time I stole something I was 13 and got caught at a bookstore in NYC for stealing a couple of DVDs . ` My dad walked me around the city for hours forcing me to tell strangers on the way that I was a thief and to tell them what I had done . ` Almost everyone he had me tell on the subways and buses/streets gave me mixed reactions and disapproval . Ill never steal again . ' Often , the best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . For some , the solution to a pair of children who wo n't stop arguing seems impossible , but some appear to have found a novel solution to making them get along - force them together . Knight0fSpadessaid : ` I have a friend who , whenever she would fight with her brother , her parents would make the go into the yard and hold hands for two hours . ' Another pair of arguing siblings were even forced to wear the same item of clothing . jrwrenosaid : ` Me and my sister had to share a big shirt , just enough to fit us in , but tight enough to restrict our arm within the shirt . ` We had to depend on each other to get s *** done , because we both lost the use of one arm . ` It only took once wearing it out to the Church potluck to be permanently shamed into obedience . ' While many parents have come up with ingenious ways to make their offspring toe the line , the prize for cleverest of all us to go to user sixth _ in _ line , who has come up with a brilliant trick to stop her niece from watching too much television . She wrote : ` I have her convinced that TVs get sick and that you have to read to them before they get better . '