Manchester City Ladies midfielder Jill Scott has apologised after she was sent off for headbutting Jade Bailey during her side 's 1-0 defeat by Arsenal on Sunday . The England international reacted angrily to a challenge by the Gunners defender and was shown a straight red card during the second half of the Women 's Super League clash at the City Football Academy . After the game the 28-year-old tweeted an apology saying : ` Great effort from all the girls , I want to apologise for the incident which led to me being sent off , gutted to let everyone @MCWFC down today . ' Jill Scott was red-carded for an apparent headbutt on Arsenal defender Jade Bailey on Sunday . The England international apologised for the incident after the game as City fell to a 1-0 reverse . The referee brandishes the red card as Scott leaves the field during the Women 's Super League clash . City manager Nick Cushing described Scott 's actions as ` out of character ' and said the incident will be dealt with . ` She 's been an exceptional player for us and she puts in unbelievable performances every week so it 's disappointing , ' Cushing said . ` We 'll get together as a club and deal with it internally . ' The incident comes just three weeks after City goalkeeper Karen Bardsley was handed a three-match ban after coming to blows with Birmingham forward Freda Ayisi . Cushing added : ` As a club we want people to come watch and then come back so these sort of incidents go against that and leaves a bitter taste in our mouths . ' Arsenal forward Chioma Ubogagu scores the winning goal in the first half at the City Football Academy . Lucy Bronze of Manchester City -LRB- right -RRB- tackles Leah Williamson during the clash on Sunday . Chioma Ubogagu netted the winner for Arsenal in the 36th minute before Scott was dismissed after the break . The Gunners almost killed the game off when Lianne Sanderson saw an attempt cleared off the line . But City came within inches of snatching a point as Nikita Parris hit the post late on .