All eyes were again on Jimmy Anderson as England on Thursday night began their push for victory here but instead the limelight was seized by Chris Jordan with his second stunning catch of the first Test . A day that featured a fourth Test century in only his ninth match for Gary Ballance ended with the leader of England 's attack still waiting for the wicket that will bring him level with Sir Ian Botham 's Test record . So well did Ballance and England bat that Alastair Cook was able to set West Indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions that would even surpass their own world record successful Test chase . Yet so solidly did West Indies begin their attempt to emerge unscathed from this first of three Tests that it became pertinent to remember that record was set in none other than Antigua and featured a century by a certain Shiv Chanderpaul . It remains highly unlikely that West Indies will today surpass the 418 for seven they made to defeat Australia at the old St John 's Rec 12 years ago . Cook , though , will be grateful for the athleticism of Jordan and the off-spin of Joe Root for the wicket that means England remain firm favourites to secure today what would be a highly valuable victory for them . When West Indies grafted their way to 90 for one on this fourth day it was possible to believe that they would at least be able to escape with a draw from this match and head to Grenada next week still all square . Yet When Jordan dived to his right at wide slip and grasped the chance offered by Darren Bravo 's flailing bat in Root 's second over a second West Indian wicket had fallen and England ended the day with a spring in their step . They still have much to do and all results remain possible but England will be much the happier with West Indies finishing on 98 for two , still a massive 340 short of recreating Antiguan Test history . For Anderson , however , there was just more frustration as he could not strike a blow in the seven overs he has so far bowled in the second innings . Botham remains in the wings , with a nice bottle of red at the ready , to congratulate Anderson if and when the big moment comes today . England timed both the pace of their batting and their declaration to perfection , scoring quickly enough to set West Indies that world record breaking target and giving themselves 130 overs to bowl them out . And at the centre of their batting effort was Ballance who has made a start to his Test career that can genuinely be described as great . Darren Bravo nicks Joe Root 's delivery as Chris Jordan gets ready to pounce . Bravo can only watch on as Jordan makes a stunning dive to seize the loose ball . Jordan shows tremendous reflexes to cling on to dismiss the West Indies batsman . Gary Ballance plays a shot during day four of England 's first Test against West Indies on Thursday . Ballance plays a sweeping shot during his impressive innings at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium . Ballance celebrates bringing up his century following his superb batting display in Antigua . Joe Root formed a solid partnership with Ballance and made big inroads against the home side . Root salutes the stands after he brought up his half century earlier in the day . Jos Buttler also impressed for Peter Moores ' side with an unbeaten 59 off 56 balls . It is extraordinary , really , that Ballance should have been perceived to be under any sort of pressure going into the second innings of this first Test . Yes , he had a poor World Cup after being thrown into the England team with little preparation ahead of their opening match against Australia . And , yes , Ballance looked tentative in the first innings here at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium , pushing at a ball with hard hands he could have left alone . Yet memories are short these days and it should be remembered that Ballance had an extraordinary summer last year having been asked to bat in a position at No 3 he was unaccustomed to by coach Peter Moores . This was the Ballance of last season , the white shirt seemingly a much better fit than the blue of limited-overs cricket , and he is quite simply a run machine in the ultimate form of the game . Root was furious with himself when he again got an inside edge to be bowled when a century was there for the taking but his partnership of 114 with Ballance came at a crucial time for England with West Indies still in the hunt . It says everything about Ballance 's 122 that the only time he looked in trouble was when Jos Buttler hit Sulieman Benn straight back at him and struck his batting partner a nasty blow on the elbow . Other than that it was pretty much plain sailing for England , with Jos Buttler also returning to form with an unbeaten 59 off 56 balls . Stuart Broad -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates with his England team-mates after taking the wicket of Kraigg Brathwaite . Root -LRB- right -RRB- gets the plaudits from his team-mates after he took the wicket of Bravo late on day four . The openers , of course , are much more of an issue but a win here on Friday would buy Cook a bit of time for both him and Jonathan Trott to get things right in Grenada next week and Barbados in the final Test . With Anderson in the form that saw him take only two of the four wickets he needed at the start of this Test to surpass Botham 's tally of 383 in the first innings it was left to Stuart Broad to strike the first blow for England . An absolute brute of a delivery saw Kraigg Braithwaite fending to short leg and Broad quickly pointing to the dressing room to salute the role that bowling coach Ottis Gibson , who knows West Indies inside out having been their coach until earlier this year , played in the dismissal . James Anderson unsuccessfully appeals for the wicket of Bravo earlier in the contest . He is one of the best slip fielders England have found in years but Jordan will be annoyed he could not pouch another chance offered by Devon Smith before the close . Smith lived to fight another day on 59 and he too was in West Indies ' side that famous day in 2003 when history was made . If he is part of history again then it will have been an extraordinary last day . Any hopes of a West Indies collapse quickly faded and all was quiet until Jordan 's intervention to replicate his similar diving effort in the first innings . The West Indies side await a decision from the third empire on the fourth day of action in the Caribbean . He is clearly one of the best slip fielders England have found in years but Jordan will be annoyed that he could not get a hand to another sharp chance offered by Devon Smith off Root before the close . Smith lives to fight another day on 59 and it should be pointed out that he too was in West Indies side that famous day in 2003 when history was made on this island . If he is part of history again then it really will have been an extraordinary last day .