All well and good having Brazilians in your team but they have to be the right ones -- Barcelona reached the Champions League semi-finals at the Nou Camp at Paris Saint Germain 's expense and Neymar tied David Luiz in knots in the process . There were no Luis Suarez nutmegs this time but the former Chelsea defender found himself backpedaling hopelessly on the quarter hour as Neymar scooted past him for Barcelona 's opener . Neymar -LRB- top -RRB- celebrates with Brazilian compatriot Dani Alves after scoring his and Barcelona 's second goal of the night . Neymar accelerates past another Brazil teammate , David Luiz , before opening the scoring for Barcelona on Tuesday night . Barcelona : Ter Stegen 6.5 ; Dani Alves 7.5 , Pique 5 , Mascherano 6 , Jordi Alba 6 ; Rakitic 7.5 , Busquets 7 -LRB- Sergi Roberto 55 , 6 -RRB- , Iniesta 9 -LRB- Xavi 45 , 6.5 -RRB- ; Messi 6.5 , Suarez 6.5 -LRB- Pedro 75 , 6 -RRB- , Neymar 9 . Subs not used : Bravo , Bartra , Adriano , Rafinha . Goals : Neymar 14 , 34 . PSG : Sirigu 6 ; Van der Wiel 3.5 , Marquinhos 4.5 , Luiz 5 , Maxwell 6 ; Verratti 6 , Cabaye 4 -LRB- Lucas Moura 66 , 6.5 -RRB- , Matuidi 6 -LRB- Rabiot 80 , 6 -RRB- ; Cavani 4 -LRB- Lavezzi 80 , 6.5 -RRB- , Ibrahimovic 4.5 , Pastore 3 . Subs not used : Douchez , Camara , Digne , Bahebeck . Booked : Luiz . Referee : Svein Oddvar Moen -LRB- Norway -RRB- . He was then a spectator on the half hour when his international team-mate got the second climbing unmarked to head Dani Alves ' cross past Salvatore Sirigu to make it 5-1 on aggregate . PSG 's soft centre cost them in the first leg and it was cruelly exposed again . Luiz was also booked inside the first five minutes for a foul on Andres Iniesta , who ran the first half . The man who won the World Cup for Spain but is these days criticised for neither scoring nor assisting went on a sublime run for the first goal , pulling away from Edinson Cavani and swerving past Marco Verratti before releasing Neymar . The French champions thought they were back in the game between the two Barcelona goals when on 17 minutes Zlatan Ibrahimovic had the ball in the net but he was a yard offside when Blaise Matuidi slipped him through and the flag was raised to rule out the goal . The Swede was jeered by Barcelona supporters in the early stages as was former Barcelona defender Maxwell but such was Barca 's dominance that home fans eased up on the light-hearted abuse . Suarez and Messi were also impressive in the first half and Alves looked like a man trying to impress a potential employer . PSG could still be a possible destination for him beyond the end of this season . He tested Sirigu from distance before his assist for Neymar 's second . With Suarez and Alves snapping into challenges and Iniesta and Neymar providing the finesse Barcelona were completely dominant -- to the extent that for once Messi was not their most impressive performer . The home side eased up after the break and PSG breathed more easily without ever threatening to get back into the tie . Rakitic saw his shot saved and Messi went close with chip that Sirigu gathered . Barcelona star Lionel Messi is reunited with his former Nou Camp teammate Zlatan Ibrahimovic before kick-off on Tuesday night . Neymar tucks the ball past PSG goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu to give Barcelona the lead after just 14 minutes . Neymar celebrates with Andres Iniesta after the Spain and Barcelona star had slid him through for the opening goal . Gerard Pique -LRB- left -RRB- joins in the celebrations after Barcelona had taken a 4-1 aggregate lead to relieve any pressure on them . Great Britain 's tennis No 1 Andy Murray -LRB- left -RRB- was at the Nou Camp alongside his friend and former tennis player Ross Hutchins . PSG did force a save from Marc-Andre Ter Stegen 10 minutes into the second half when Ibrahimovic tried his luck from distance but the German keeper who has watched Claudio Bravo not put a foot wrong in the league all season gave another faultless display . Missing the domestic campaign has been tough but a final appearance in Berlin would be some consolation . Luis Enrique 's side were so comfortable at half-time Xavi replaced the impeccable Iniesta at the break . And it was n't long before Busquets and Suarez were also given early cuts . Barcelona still have a league to win and play the Catalan derby against Espanyol this weekend with sill just a narrow two point lead over Real Madrid . Iniesta had done enough in 45 minutes of football to not need to come out after half time . His performance and at times Barca 's was a throwback to some of their best football under Pep Guardiola when the won this completion in both 2009 and 2011 . Iniesta was in sensational form for Barcelona before replaced at half time by veteran midfielder Xavi . Barcelona 's captain had been criticised earlier this season for a lack of goals and assists but he looks to be back to his best . Guardiola was the name on most supporters lips at half time as news filtered through that Bayern were mauling Porto and were also heading for the semi-finals . The prospect of Barcelona and Bayern being drawn together on Thursday is mouth-watering . Although perhaps on current form , and in view of his side 's injuries , Guardiola might prefer to leave the reunions for Berlin on June 6 . Neymar celebrates scoring his second goal of the night to put Barcelona 5-1 up on aggregate to set up a semi-final place . Neymar chats with Messi after the second goal as Barca look ahead to next month 's semi-final .