The handsome Italian maths teacher who has taken the internet by storm for being the perfect mix of beauty and brains has spoken out about his new-found fame . Pietro Boselli , 26 , originally from Brescia , Italy , says that he originally tried to keep his modelling a secret from his colleagues at the University College London -LRB- UCL -RRB- where he taught for fear they might ` look down on him ' . In an interview with the Times , Boselli , an advanced maths lecturer with a PHD , said that when he was trying to establish himself as a teacher , he did n't want to include his work for fashion companies such as Abercrombie and Fitch on his CV and was less than proud of his alternative career . Scroll down for video . Not your average teacher : Wearing a tiny pair of green shorts , 26-year-old advanced maths teacher Pietro Boselli admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at UCL . The Italian model , whose looks have seen him amass a following of nearly half a million users on Instagram , is n't afraid to whip off his shirt to show his hard-earned muscles , pictured above with ` lifelong friend ' Carmelo . More than just a pretty face : The lecturer has now achieved his PHD and is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy . He told the newspaper he did n't want students in his classroom or his teaching peers to know , saying : ` I think , in a way , I was ashamed . I thought people in academia would look down on me . ' Growing up in Italy , the young Boselli was scouted by Armani Junior which started off a double life of studying hard for his exams and posing in front of the lens whenever he could . He calls himself a ` nerd ' and says that his studies were his priority growing up , forcing him to turn down lucrative jobs that would take him away from his books . His students at UCL , where he taught while studying for his PHD , did eventually discover the fitness fanatic 's secret , after Googling him . When one maths student , Arief Azli , discovered his 6ft 1in lecturer 's Instagram account , which has now amassed more than 480,000 followers , and has plenty of images of him in varying states of undress , he tweeted : ` That moment when you realise your maths lecturer is a top designer model . ' Azil posted a picture of his lecturer scribbling equations on the whiteboard next to one of him shirtless with the caption : ` Only at UCL # MechanicalEngineers # ModellingandAnalysis # Bromance . ' Other students soon followed suit and posted pictures of him taking classes , with one saying : ` This is why I never miss a class ' . Boselli says he knew his students had cottoned on when they started to take ` sneaky ' images of him while he was at the front of the lecture hall . Cycling in the sea ? He must be clever ! Pietro says he trains once or twice a day to keep fit and is proud to show of his amazing body . A gruelling exercise regime keeps the model in tip-top condition : Pietro posted this image of a recent rock-climbing expedition on his Instagram account . Huge following : Pietro , pictured centre right with friends on a recent trip to Brooklyn , has now finished his stint as an advanced maths teacher at UCL -LRB- right -RRB- to concentrate on being a full-time model . Now the secret 's out , the model , who has signed for top agency Models 1 , says he 's not worried about them seeing him posing topless . ` People ask me `` why are you topless in pictures ? Why do n't you have any clothes on ? '' But training is a big part of my life . ` I started going to the gym when I moved to London and , like everything I do , I 'm very focused . I train once or twice a day and I 'm happy to get recognition for having a good physique . ' Boselli has a PhD in Mechanical Engineering and is hoping that the money he earns from modelling will help him to establish his own engineering company in London . And the bad news for all those currently brushing up on their algebra ? He 's got a girlfriend . Although the model wo n't be drawn on her identity and there is little sign of her on his Instagram account , he has confirmed that he is off the market . The fashion model posted this picture on his Instagram account with a caption ` post-workout selfie ' He describes himself as ` addicted to training ' and said he works out at least two or three times a day . One of his students , Arief Azli tweeted : ` That moment when you realise your maths lecturer is a top designer model ' Pietro 's academic achievements are easily as impressive as his six-pack . He was awarded the Undergraduate Faculty Excellence Scholarship for the most outstanding academic achievement in his first year at UCL , before going on to get first-class honours . The fashion model was discovered at the age of six by renowned designer Giorgio Armani who saw potential and said he should be a model . His Instagram account gives an insight into his fitness regime as he posted a picture of himself in the pool , saying : ` Boosts circulation , gets metabolism up to speed and strengthens immune system ! ' Mr Boselli revealed he works out two to three times a day and said his best feature is his ` perseverance and inconsistency ' . In an interview with F Tape he said he would be concentrating on ` engineering , teaching maths and personal training ' if he was not modelling . He posted a picture of his washboard abs on his Instagram , saying : ` Lying in bed . . My point of view ' Mr Boselli revealed he works out two to three times a day and said his best feature is his ` perseverance and inconsistency ' He also revealed that Arnold Schwarzenegger , Oscar Wilde and The Rolling Stones were among his idols . Hundreds of fans have taken to social media to say they would have concentrated slightly harder in lessons if Mr Boselli had been their teacher . Rachel Ruane said : ` Would trade my maths teacher for him in a heartbeat oh my god #PietroBoselli #teachmealgebraanyday . ' Cassy Chavez said : ` I would never miss a class too ! ' Aly Dos Equis said : ` Good thing this guy was n't my math teacher I 'd have a hard time paying attention . ' Pieter Botha said : ` No fair ! I never had a math teacher like you ? I would 've passed . ' He won first prize in the tall fitness model category at the WBFF European pro-am fashion event . His Instagram account gives an insight into his fitness regime as he posted a picture of himself in the pool , saying : ` Boosts circulation , gets metabolism up to speed and strengthens immune system ! '