An NFL defensive back with a history of legal problems is being investigated after reports of an early-morning incident involving a physical fight and at least one shot being fired at a Texas club . Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning , according to reports . During a 2011 incident involving two guns when he playing for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , Talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister 's live-in boyfriend in Garland , Texas . Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault . Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 . During the latest incident , a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas , Texas , after a physical fight inside . During the incident on Wednesday , Talib and his brother Yaqub had a physical altercation with someone inside Club Luxx and then a shot was fired outside around 2 am , WFAA reported . When Dallas officers responded to the active shooter call , the man who called police said three black men had been involved in a disturbance and one of them had tried to punch him . The man also said one of the men pulled out a gun and aimed it at him before firing a round off into the sky outside the bar and causing ` an immediate panic ' . The Talibs left the area in a Range Rover and a Jaguar and went to the XTC Cabaret . Police found the brothers at the second club and impounded the vehicles to look for evidence . The brothers were both questioned and an investigation into the incident is ongoing . The general manager of Club Luxx , confirmed the Talibs were at the club but denied that anything with a gun transpired , the Dallas Morning News reported . Hanney Kamal said : ` One-hundred percent that did not happen . ` I was there . Somebody might have called the police because there was a yelling argument . Talib signed a six-year , $ 57 million contract last year . ` It 's athletes -- someone sees them yelling and dials 911 . ` Everyone was asked to leave the club , which they did of their own free will , and that was it . ' Broncos vice president of public relations Patrick Smyth said : ` We have been in touch with Aqib regarding these reports and will continue to monitor this situation . ' Dallas police falsely reported Talib had been arrested for throwing bottles last June during an NFL camp afterparty , the Denver Post reported . The police apologized after it ended up being Yaqub who was arrested . During the 2011 incident in Garland , felony warrants were issued for Talib and his mother Okolo Talib on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . Police suspected them both of firing shots from a Ruger .380 handgun at Shannon Billings , the boyfriend of Talib 's sister , and also believed the NFL back attempted to pistol-whip Billings with a Springfield 9 mm semiautomatic handgun during the incident , the Boston Globe reported . They had apparently learned Billings was being physically abusive towards their family member . Talib , who owned both weapons . reportedly yelled during the pistol-whipping : ` You 're going to make me throw away my career . ' The charges were dropped because prosecutors believed Billings , a registered sex offender with the state of Texas , would not make a credible witness . Garland Police spokesman Joe Harn said : ` It was very fortunate no one was killed and no one was hurt seriously . ` There was n't a great deal of distance from one person to the other that was shooting . ' After the 2011 incident , a felony warrant was issued for Okolo Talib for an assault with a deadly weapon charge . In addition to playing for the Broncos , Talib has also played for the New England Patriots and Tampa Bay Bucs . In addition to the gun incidents , Talib was investigated after an alleged assault on a Florida cab driver . He then resisted arrest on charges of simple battery . The shutdown corner also fought with teammates and was suspended for violating the NFL 's policy on performance-enhancing substances . Talib signed a six-year , $ 57 million contract with Denver in March 2014 . He also has played for the New England Patriots during his seven-year career . During his time with the reigning Super Bowl champs , Talib said : ` I 'm a competitor on the field , man . ` That 's kind of what we 're talking about right now , just football . ' If charges are brought with regard to the incident in Dallas , Talib could face discipline under the NFL 's personal conduct policy and a suspension seems possible given his history . Talib was investigated after an alleged assault on a Florida cab driver and resisted arrest on a battery charge .