A cat who went missing after escaping a damaged crate after 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York about last week has been found . Felix was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks . The cat 's owners , Jennifer Stewart , 31 , and her 34-year-old husband , Joseph Naaman , were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate . Jennifer Stewart and husband , Joseph Naaman , pictured with their cat , Felix , who disappeared April 1 . Facebook updates : Ms Stewart updated her friends after hearing the news that Felix the cat had been found . The couple had launched a desperate search for their pet after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York . Felix the cat was missing for more than two weeks after he escaped from his crate , which was damaged in transit . The two-year-old grey tabby 's crate was travelling in an airline-approved carrier but it was damaged so badly -- apparently while being transferred from the plane -- that Felix was able to get out and run away . Found ! Felix the cat was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks . The releaved couple were alerted that a cat had been been found at the New York airport . The couple updated their Facebook profiles to announce the good news . They wrote : ` FELIX HAS BEEN FOUND !!! We got word earlier this evening that a cat had been humanely trapped in the area the scent dogs in last week 's search were most interested in ... And the cat is FELIX !!!! ' Jennifer later added : ` Joe picked him up at JFK and they are on their way home to Princeton right now . So HAPPY !!!! Thanks to everyone for your help and positive energy these last two weeks ! We 're incredibly grateful for such love & support ! xo ' Jennifer and Joseph never gave up hope and planned to return to the airport to search for Felix . The couple was told that the plastic crate broke open after one of the ropes became tangled on something . At the time of the disappearance , Jennifer had told MailOnline Travel that she was n't satisfied with the way Felix 's crate was secured and transported on the Etihad Airways flight . She said his crate was tied down to a large metal pallet and cracked open , apparently when one of the straps got caught on something as it was being moved to a cargo bay after the April 1 flight . She said : ` To find out how he was transported , I was horrified , I was sick . They basically strapped him in like he was an old box . ` If I had known he was going to travel like that we would have looked for other alternatives . ` He is a part of our family . He 's like a dog . He plays fetch and hide and seek , and he 's the coolest little cat . ' Jennifer was n't sure which company was responsible for transferring Felix from the plane , but a cargo manager called her and her husband into an office after they landed to deliver the bad news . ` We were in shock that this happened . At first I thought he was going to tell me that -LSB- Felix -RSB- died . ` He told me his cage was crushed . ' Felix 's plastic pet carrier was tied down to a metal pallet while he was transported on the plane . Felix the cat disappeared after his crate was damaged after a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York . While in Abu Dhabi she had spent weeks researching the best way to transport Felix and she initially booked a ticket with a different airline , but there was a problem with the reservation and she was forced to switch to their flight and Felix 's to Etihad Airways . Jennifer , a yoga instructor , and Joseph , a strategy consultant , couple spent $ 1,200 -LRB- £ 800 -RRB- to bring Felix to the US with them after living in the United Arab Emirates for three years . They adopted him seven months ago after they found him wandering on the street in their Abu Dhabi neighbourhood , and they never gave any thought to leaving him behind . The couple adopted the two-year-old cat seven months ago after he was abandoned in their neighbourhood . Jennifer and Joseph have enlisted the help of a non-profit organisation to locate the cat at JFK Airport . The couple never gave up hope that Felix would be found , and sought help from a non-profit organisation , Where Is Jack ? , which provided a dog that is trained to track down animals based on their scent . They had previously searched the airport , but were initially unable to access secure areas . An Etihad Airways spokesperson told MailOnline Travel at the time of the disappearance that it was investigating Felix 's disappearance and continuing to search for the cat . The spokesperson said : ` We are working with the ground handlers and other third-party specialists , paid for by Etihad Airways , to locate the cat . Etihad Airways said it is working with ground handlers and ` third-party specialists ' to find the cat . ` We deeply regret this unfortunate incident and are keeping the owner apprised of the progress of the search . ` We will review our pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident , as the safety and care of pets travelling with Etihad Airways is a top priority . ' Etihad cargo carries more than 200 animals each year and it is ` extremely rare ' for one to escape , the spokesperson added .