A couple who took their 14-year-old son out of school without permission for a five-day holiday to Spain were forced to pay a £ 1,230 fine after bailiffs were called in . They were originally fined £ 120 for the unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Rayleigh , Essex , after being convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school . After the unnamed family , of Hullbridge , Essex , appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and , after they did not pay , court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £ 1,230 . A couple who took their 14-year-old son out of Sweyne Park School in Essex without permission for a five-day holiday to Spain were forced to pay a £ 1,230 fine after bailiffs were called in . The boy 's grandmother , from Benfleet , Essex , paid up to stop the bailiffs taking property to cover the amount owed . The grandmother , who asked not to be named , said : ` The bailiff informed me that if the eye-watering fine of £ 1,230 was n't paid immediately they would force entry . ' They told her goods would be sold to cover £ 3,500 for the fine and charges and the parents would be jailed for three months . She added : ` He 's a bright boy , my grandson , and he could easily hack five days off . ` He had never been in an aeroplane and my daughter wanted him to have the experience . ` Part of the problem is the tourism industry , which deliberately hikes up prices during the summer holidays . The grandmother , who asked not to be named , said : ` Part of the problem is the tourism industry , which deliberately hikes up prices during the summer holidays . It 's quite a sober warning to other parents ' ` It 's quite a sober warning to other parents . ' I know it was wrong to take him out of school , but the punishment was completely out of proportion . It was a bit Stasi . ' An Essex County Council spokesman said parents legally had to ensure attendance . They added : ` Where there is concern for a child 's attendance , schools will work with the family to address the cause of the absence . ` The amendment in legislation in September 2013 made it clear that head teachers should not grant any leave of absence during term time unless there are exceptional circumstances . '