Liverpool 's FA Cup semi-final defeat has put the club under scrutiny and guaranteed this campaign will be judged a failure . The burning ambition at Anfield is for Liverpool to be Champions League regulars with the potential to win the Barclays Premier League . But , after a wretched day against Aston Villa , they are clearly some way from realising that dream . Are Liverpool heading for mediocrity ? Or is there sufficient talent to ensure the mistakes are corrected and progress can be resumed ? A huge summer beckons and there is no margin for error . Philippe Coutinho opens the scoring for Liverpool against Aston Villa with a smart chipped finish at Wembley . Christian Benteke -LRB- centre -RRB- scores for Aston Villa to make it 1-1 and start Tim Sherwood 's side 's recovery . England midfielder Fabian Delph fires in Villa 's second goal to win the game and book a place in the Cup final . For all the praise that came Brendan Rodgers ' way last season , when he masterminded an unexpected and thrilling challenge for the title , the manager must accept criticism . Like his team , he has underperformed . Yes , he deserved credit for arresting a mid-winter slump . It was smart to change Liverpool 's formation to 3-4-3 , sparking an impressive 13-game unbeaten run in the league . But he has not made a mark on the games that matter . At Wembley we saw a prime example . He switched systems -LRB- from 3-4-2-1 to 4-3-3 to 4-1-4-1 -RRB- but Liverpool never found a rhythm . This was not an isolated case . Changes had to be made after a poor start during the 1-1 draw with Basle that led to Liverpool 's exit from the Champions League . There have been other issues . Picking an experimental line-up in the Bernabeu against Real Madrid last November was perplexing . He was outwitted by Louis van Gaal when Manchester United visited in March -- it was a mistake not to start Steven Gerrard -- and Mario Balotelli 's signing has given Rodgers a problem that he has not been able to solve all season . Rodgers is innovative , thorough and , crucially , still learning his trade . His teams can have style and he has absolute faith in his ability . So , too , do Fenway Sports Group , Liverpool 's owners . His future is n't even up for consideration . But that does n't mean the pressure is off . Managing Liverpool comes with great expectation and Rodgers must provide the right answers come August . Then there are questions about the club 's transfer committee . It grates at Anfield how much focus is put on the committee , which comprises Rodgers , chief executive Ian Ayre , Dave Fallows , the head of recruitment , chief scout Barry Hunter , Michael Edwards , the director of technical performance , and FSG investor Mike Gordon . Yet of the 17 players they have bought at considerable cost over the last two summers , only three -- Simon Mignolet , Mamadou Sakho and Emre Can -- could be said to have delivered . Tiago Ilori and Divock Origi , on loan at Bordeaux and Lille respectively , remain unknown quantities but many have been duds , such as Iago Aspas , Luis Alberto , Balotelli and Lazar Markovic . Others -- Dejan Lovren and Adam Lallana -- look overawed . This is another world to Southampton . Brendan Rodgers looks dejected as Liverpool crash out of the FA Cup after a 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa . Liverpool manager Rodgers -LRB- far right -RRB- addresses his players during Sunday 's game at Wembley Stadium . Wasting money in the market is not a new failing -- Gerard Houllier , Rafa Benitez , Roy Hodgson and Kenny Dalglish made mistakes -- but this is on a new level . If Rodgers is under pressure , then so are the men recommending players . FSG do not accept failure lightly . They have dispensed with two managers -LRB- Hodgson and Dalglish -RRB- and one director of football -LRB- Damien Comolli -RRB- since taking over in 2010 and will not hesitate to act if they feel things are going askew . Gerrard is going , Glen Johnson will follow , Brad Jones , Brad Smith , Jon Flanagan and Kolo Toure are out of contract . Fabio Borini has no Anfield future and nor does Balotelli . Rickie Lambert must leave to get regular football . Lucas Leiva may choose to pursue a new challenge . Raheem Sterling is at loggerheads with Liverpool over the new deal he has been offered . Jose Enrique , Martin Skrtel and Jordan Henderson have 12 months left on their contracts . Liverpool have agreed a new deal with Henderson but Skrtel is thinking about what he has been offered . Simon Mignolet is one of only three players signed over the last two years that have impressed this season . Emre Can has played with a mature head that belies his tender years since joining from Bayer Leverkusen . Put all that together and it does n't paint a settled picture . Rodgers did not want another window like last summer 's , with a raft of new faces , but that looks unavoidable . Signing the right players is key but in the likely event of not being able to offer Champions League football , how easy will that be ? Concluding deals has been a serious problem . In the past two years , Liverpool have tried to sign Henrikh Mkhitaryan , Diego Costa , Willian , Yevhen Konoplyanka and Alexis Sanchez without success . James Milner is on their radar , as is PSV Eindhoven 's Memphis Depay , the 21-year-old Holland winger valued at £ 25million . Sami Khedira 's wages are out of Liverpool 's range . They will also look to bring in a striker , but do clubs in upheaval make smooth progress ? No . Absent at Wembley , just as he has been for much of the season , was Daniel Sturridge . It has been a wretched campaign for the England forward , one decimated by calf and thigh issues . Missing the semi-final will have done nothing to help his mental state . Without Luis Suarez , this should have been the year Sturridge took centre stage . Can he do it next season ? He has the ability and goalscoring instinct but he will be no use to Rodgers if he is not fit for the major games . Mario Balotelli -LRB- centre -RRB- is one of a number of Liverpool signings that have failed to impress this season . Glen Johnson was sent on as a late sub for Joe Allen on Sunday is expected to leave the club this summer . Rodgers is keen for Milner , pictured in 2012 , to help fill the void left by the outgoing Steven Gerrard . And finally there is the squad 's spirit and attitude . Jamie Carragher has said one of the qualities of Liverpool 's greatest sides was ` finding a way of winning ' when the chips were down . That , however , was then , and now it is different . At Wembley , it was clear the travelling Kop doubted the character of this squad . Much focus has been put on Gerrard but it is risible to pin any blame on him for the defeat by Villa . He did n't have the swagger of youth but , even at 34 , he still looked the one who would save Liverpool , with a late header that was cleared off the line and a pinpoint ball to Balotelli . He has set the example , so who will do it when he leaves ? There is a flaw in Liverpool 's mindset . Unless they toughen their resolve , they will continue to fall short . Rodgers has declared that losing can be a catalyst for success . In 12 months , he must hope his words are proven prophetic . Daniel Sturridge has spent much of the season watching from the stands due to a succession of injuries . Liverpool 's players , including their captain , were outclassed by Villa at Wembley and deservedly lost .