Police in Thailand opened fire on a car driven by an ` crazy ' American tourist after she drove the wrong way down a busy road and crashed into 13 vehicles , injuring two people . The 29-year-old woman , named by local media as Samantha or Amanda , was chased by police through the Pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car . After the smashed-up car came to a halt , officers broke the front passenger window of the white Toyota Innova to arrest her when she refused to open the door . The 29-year-old American tourist drove into oncoming traffic in Thailand and crashed into 13 vehicles . Officers broke the front passenger window of the vehicle to arrest her when she refused to open the door . The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage , who hurled abuse and tried to attack the American . The Bangkok Post described how the woman played ` demolition derby ' through the streets of Chon Buri 's Banglamung district , in a saga which began when she drove the wrong way down Soi Siam Country Club in East Pattaya and clipped a motorbike . The driver did not stop - instead carrying on driving the wrong way down Sukhumvit Road , facing into traffic . As police pursued her the car hit 12 other vehicles . ` It was a crazy bit of driving , ' a police officer told the Phuket Wan Tourism News . ` The American woman struck a motorcycle going the wrong side down the road then kept going . She turned a corner and kept hitting other vehicles , 13 at last count . ' The left side of the white white Toyota Innova was damaged by the ` demolition derby ' - the light was broken and the bonnet crushed . The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage , who hurled abuse and tried to attack the American . A crowd formed around the vehicle that included a motorcyclist who was knocked off her bike during the wrecking spree . After police shot out three of the wheels on the car , a crowd formed around the vehicle that included a motorcyclist who was knocked off her bike during the wrecking spree . She was later taken to hospital suffering from injuries to her leg . The American tourist was given a ` hefty ' traffic fine and ordered to pay for all the damages caused to the vehicles and the medical expenses of the two injured people , according to the Pattaya One . She later said she regretted her action and did n't stop for police because she panicked , added the website . Thailand drive on the left hand side of the road , leading police to think the woman had become confused .