This is the moment a man slipped onto a subway track - and another instinctively leaped down to help him . Surveillance footage from Philadelphia 's 15th Street Station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6.40 on Wednesday night . He falls , and bystanders jump back in shock . But almost instantaneously , a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him . Fallen : This man was walking close to the edge of Philadelphia 's 15 Street Station platform on Wednesday at 6.40 pm when he tumbled . His would-be rescuer is seen walking along the platform -LRB- center -RRB- , initially unaware . Shock : Bystanders rushed back in shock as the fallen man dropped from view . The rescuer is behind a pillar . Good Samaritan : But within a second , the man in an Eagles jacket ran back to the spot where the man fell . Pulling the man to his feet , the Good Samaritan pushes him up toward the platform edge , where other passengers have gathered to pull both men to safety . Within a minute , transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men , who are expected to survive any injuries . Thomas Nestal , police chief of Philadelhpia 's transport department -LRB- SEPTA -RRB- , hailed the unnamed Good Samaritan 's quick response , and the help of his fellow passengers . ` This was a case where everybody almost in view jumped in and got involved , ' Nestal told NBC . Nestel recommended that in future commuters should use the emergency phone to tell authorities to turn off the electricity on the line . Leaping in : He jumped off the side as other commuters ran to alert the authorities . Lifting him up : Surveillance footage shows the fallen man looking shocked and frantic . Pulled to safety : The Good Samaritan pushed the fallen man onto the platform then jumped up after him . Ordeal : The pair lay on the platform in shock for a minute after making it off the subway tracks . The platform is one of many slated to be renovated and modernized in a four-year development project starting next year . SEPTA plans to keep 15th Street Station open for Pope Francis 's visit in the fall , despite acknowledging that the platforms are small and outdated . However , work is already under way to stem persistent leaks from the concrete ceilings .