Covering aircraft in blue lights , and only turning them on when beginning to take off , could help stop birds colliding with aircraft . That 's according to a study , which found that birds responded to lights in different ways than a human might . The researchers said runways could be synced with taxiing aircraft , to help capture birds ' attention before an aircraft takes off . The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana . They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- . Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes . The study , by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana and the National Wildlife Research Centre in Ohio , was published in The Condor : Ornithological Applications . They were seeking to find a solution to the problem of birds colliding with aircraft , which causes £ 480 million -LRB- $ 700 million -RRB- worth of damage in the US alone . The FAA estimates that bird strikes have resulted in 200 worldwide deaths since 1988 . They are dangerous to aircraft because birds can be sucked into a jet engine and strike an engine fan blade . That impact knocks out a single blade and can trigger a domino effect , resulting in engine failure . Incidents are most common shortly before landing or take-off when the jet engines are at top speed . A 12 lb -LRB- five kg -RRB- goose striking an aircraft going 150 mph -LRB- 240 km/h -RRB- at lift-off generates the force of a 1,000 lb -LRB- 450 kg -RRB- weight dropped from a height of 10ft -LRB- three metres -RRB- , according to Bird Strike Committee USA . Despite this , the number of accidents involving civil aircraft is low , estimated at one fatal accident in one billion flying hours . Around 65 per cent of bird strikes cause little damage to aircraft , but the blow is usually fatal to the bird . In experiments , they studied how flocks of cowbirds responded to model aircraft . They found that blue light was the most noticeable by birds , so they outfitted the aircraft in this colour . When the plane was stationary , the birds became alert more quickly when the lights were on . But when it approached them with its lights off , their response slowed - and they only became more alert when the lights were turned on . And the birds were also more likely to get out of the way of the aircraft when the lights were pulsing , rather than being continuous . The authors suggest that runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes and avoid collisions . The lights could be off during taxiing but on during take-off , to help the birds move out of the way of the fast-moving planes . And they say their method could even help birds avoid collisions with buildings and wind turbines by also covering them in blue lights . The authors suggest that runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes and avoid collisions -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- . The lights could be off during taxiing but on during take-off , to help the birds move out of the way of the fast-moving planes . In the experiments , the researchers studied how flocks of cowbirds -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- responded to model aircraft . They were seeking to find a solution to the problem of birds colliding with aircraft , which causes £ 480 million -LRB- $ 700 million -RRB- worth of damage in the US alone . ` In previous studies , we have demonstrated that avian response to vehicle approach can be enhanced by increasing the conspicuousness of the approaching vehicle with white lights , ' explained Dr. Fernández-Juricic , one of the authors of the study . ` However , in this study , we followed a sensory ecology approach to establish a-priori a light that would be particularly conspicuous to our study species and tested the responses of individuals to this light tuned to their eyes . ` In addition , we showed that by pulsing the light , we reduced the effects of high speeds on the ability of the animals to become alert to the approaching aircraft . ` These findings hold implications for how we might enhance bird response to larger , faster aircraft . '