They are one of the most feared animals on the planet . Now fascinating images reveal how fish make a collective effort to stay out of the way of sharks . The striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for the blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland , Australia . Incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark -LRB- pictured -RRB- , perhaps proving that they are instinctively frightened of it . It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal , but the fish naturally keep their distance , creating circles of clear water around the predator . Dr Ken Collins , Senior Research Fellow and Diving Officer at the University of Southampton , told MailOnline : ` This is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish , the same would happen if it were a diver in the photograph rather than a shark . ` Something big is automatically accepted as a potential threat and swimming in a swirling dense shoal is a defensive move which provides mutual protection simply reducing the chances of an individual being picked off and confusing the potential `` enemy '' . ` Flocks of small birds will react the same way to hawks . ' Fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour , such as keeping safe from predators as well as boosting their chances of feeding and finding a mate . It 's known that shoals of fish can change shapes and directions in seconds - as if they are thinking as one - and in these images , the fish manage to keep a pocket of clear water between themselves and the shark , even the pocket does change shape . Software engineer Scott Carr was looking for a picturesque spot to have photos taken before his wedding when he came across the shoal of fish trying to avoid the shark . The photos show a shark swimming in the shallow waters , where they are guaranteed a clear path because ` terrified ' fish move out of their way . Software engineer Scott Carr was looking for a picturesque spot to have photos taken before his wedding when he came across fish trying to avoid the shark off Heron Island in Queensland , Australia -LRB- marked -RRB- . It 's thought that shoals may be an effective means for the majority of fish within them to escape predators ' jaws , because they confuse larger creatures . The ` predator confusion effect ' is based on the idea that it becomes difficult for predators to pick out individual prey from groups because similar-looking fish create a sensory overload for predators . Fin movements made by a shoal seem to overlap to mimic waves created by a larger animal , perhaps to dissuade a predator from attacking . The fact that there are many fish in a shoal means they have many eyes to scan an area for predators and keep out of the way . The look-out is shared between individuals to let the group feed safely and swim away from predators as a group . Luckily , the 32-year-old was carrying his camera to snap the scene . ` There were four blacktip reef sharks circling the area and there was one other type of shark - a lemon shark , ' he said . ` We walked along the jetty looking down at a large school of fish just beneath the jetty . ` We noticed a number of reef sharks patrolling the area near the jetty and as we watched the reef sharks slowly moved into the school of fish , with the fish retreating away from the immediate area around the shark . ` This progressed for about 15 to 20 minutes and a lemon shark joined in on the action late in the piece . ` It seems like the fish are well aware of the threat and are trying to keep a safer distance from it . They want to avoid being eaten ! ' He noted that the sharks were ` remarkably calm ' when moving though the fish . ` It was certainly not what I would describe as a feeding frenzy at the time . ` There was an occasional swift manoeuvre to attempt to catch a fish and the sharks were successful in some of these attempts . He added : ` Watching the continuous parting of the school of fish as each shark moved through the mass of fish was absolutely spectacular ! ' Whether fish feel fear -LRB- illustrated by a still from the film Finding Nemo ' is a slippery question for scientists . Some studies claim that fish feel pain , but shoaling behaviour 's thought to be purely instinctive . Software engineer Scott Carr was looking for a picturesque spot to have photos taken before his wedding when he came across the shoal of fish trying to avoid the sharks -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- near a jetty . Whether fish have emotions , is a slippery question for scientists , whose studies have shown that they can feel pain in an abstract way , as well as other emotions . Whether fish feel fear , or simply act instinctively , they swim in large shoals that offer individuals more protection from predators than going it alone . Shifts in the shape of the shoal is thought to be driven by feeding , travelling and avoiding predators . It 's thought that shoals may be an effective means for the majority of fish within them to escape predators ' jaws , because they confuse larger creatures . Proposed in 1978 , the ` predator confusion effect ' is based on the idea that it becomes difficult for predators to pick out individual prey from groups because the many moving targets create a sensory overload of the predator 's visual channel -- a theory that 's been proved in the wild and in computer simulations . There is also a theory that fin movements made by a shoal overlap to mimic waves created by a larger animal , perhaps to dissuade a predator from attacking . It 's possible that if one shark was found among the shoal -LRB- pictured -RRB- and others around it , they could act collectively to corral a shoal for a quick meal . The fact that there are many fish in a shoal means they have many eyes to scan an area for predators and keep out of the way . The look-out is shared between individuals to let the group feed safely and swim away from predators as a group . It 's possible that if one shark was found among the shoal and others around it , they could act collectively to corral a shoal . This behaviour is n't common in sharks , but dolphins have been shown to surround and herd fish as a group , while individuals take it in turns to swim through the shoal , eating unlucky members . Corralling is a method where fish are chased to shallow water where they are more easily captured and Atlantic bottlenose dolphins even chase fish onto mud banks for an easy meal . In the shark world , Thresher sharks use their long tails to stun shoaling fish . Before striking they confine lots of fish in a small space by swimming round them , and then splash then strike them with the upper lobe of the tail to stun them .