Hungry for power : SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon last night admitted she understands concerns of English voters about her party being involved in a coalition government . The Scottish First Minister said : ` I understand how people south of the border think , `` Oh my goodness how will it work ? It 's a mess '' . ' She also suggested that David Cameron had been ` not unhelpful ' to the SNP by gaining the party greater publicity . ` At every Westminster election I 've fought until this one , the biggest challenge that we 've had to overcome is being heard and being relevant . We do n't have this problem this time , ' she told The Times . ` The message it 's given to people in Scotland is -- if this is the attention we get just from the SNP riding high in the polls , imagine how loud our voice would be if that was translated into seats . So in that respect I absolutely think it is not unhelpful . ' Miss Sturgeon 's remarks came after she had insisted that she would put Ed Miliband into Downing Street even if Labour wins 40 fewer seats than the Tories in a hung Parliament . Polls suggest the SNP is on the brink of a landslide on a scale unprecedented in modern British politics , winning as many as 50 of Scotland 's 59 Commons seats . That would be all but certain to leave it holding the balance of power at Westminster for the first time . In an interview with BBC Newsnight , Miss Sturgeon insisted : ` Even if the Tories are the largest party , if there is an anti-Tory majority , my offer to Labour is to work together to keep the Tories out . ' Asked whether Mr Cameron 's party being ahead of Labour by ` ten , 20 , 30 , 40 ' seats would have an impact on her decision , she said : ` Governments in the House of Commons are about who can command a majority . ` If there is an anti-Tory majority , yes ... we would work with Labour to stop the Tories getting into Downing Street . ' Pledge : Miss Sturgeon 's remarks came after she had insisted that she would put Ed Miliband -LRB- right -RRB- into Downing Street even if Labour wins 40 fewer seats than the Tories in a hung Parliament . Left , David Cameron . Labour has ruled out a coalition with the SNP but on more than 100 occasions in recent weeks senior figures have refused to rule out a less formal arrangement . Most likely are vote-by-vote negotiations which would see the SNP agree to support a minority Labour government in key Parliamentary votes , after seeking to extract concessions for Scotland . The Prime Minister called Miss Sturgeon 's threat to prop up a weak Labour government ` frightening ' and said it would lead to ` economic ruin ' . Nick Clegg said last night he would not support any deal with Labour that relies on it being propped up by the SNP . The Liberal Democrat leader said his first talks would be with the party with most seats -- which most polls indicate will be the Tories .