She enraged Twitter users by saying that ` unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ` facilitated ' , and now the plus-size industry has spoken out about Jamelia 's comments on Loose Women . Critics and the public have spoken out after Jamelia said that obese women ` should feel uncomfortable ' about their unhealthy size , and that high street stores should not be catering for them . The panellist said she was ` hounded on Twitter ' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers , and now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 . Scroll down for video . The Loose Women panellist aired her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers , saying that ` unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ` facilitated ' , and now the plus-size industry has taken to social media to share their own views on the topic . As the market for plus-size fashion consumption grows , Alice Dogruyol , Founder of all-inclusive denim brand , Beauty in Curves , believes that Jamelia 's message to women is incredibly disturbing . She said : ` We come in all shapes and sizes and we all deserve to enjoy shopping for clothes whether we are a size zero or a size 20 plus . It is such a shame that Jamelia has used her privileged position of influence to encourage people to feel ashamed of themselves . ` The thought that a person should be made to feel excluded from having access to lovely clothes is absurd and trying to link clothes size to health is also uninformed . ` Our ethos at Beauty in Curves is to make women look and feel great about their bodies and give women more choice and access to great quality premium denim . ' This lady named Charlotte happily posed her pictured to Twitter in support of plus size women . This lady named Kelly said that she was proud of her curves . On Thursday , Jamelia admitted she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments ` really difficult . ' She said : ` Some of the things that have been printed I have actually said but not in that context ... It 's difficult to say your piece or to speak honestly when it kind of gets misconstrued in that way . ' Many ` normal ' women have also lambasted the star taking to Twitter using the hashtag #wearethethey to show off their curvy photographs . One user named @vampira246 posted a picture of herself in a pair of dungarees and a pink top saying : ' #wearethethey !!!!!! I 'm a size 22-24 and I rock my outfits !!! . ' Another called @applecharlotte said : ' #wearethethey - ty @debzjs for starting this hashtag in response to @Jamelia 's comments . ' Another lady called @charlotteBHC said : ` Jamilia consciously wished discomfit on a group of marginalised people , I 'm one of those people #wearethethey -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Debz , who set up WeAreTheThey , told FEMAIL she did so because she ` does n't believe in ignoring bullies ' . ` The whole point of the hashtag is not health or weight . People 's health is their own business and if someone chooses to be plus size and healthy or unhealthy that is up to them . The idea behind the hashtag is that EVEN if people are unhealthy , they have a right to buy clothing without being made to feel uncomfortable . ` Jamelia called for a large spectrum of people being made to feel uncomfortable JUST because they COULD be unhealthy and that will never be acceptable to me or the other people using the #WeAreTheWay tag . ' The Loose Women panellist said she was ` hounded on Twitter ' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers , and now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 . ` Of course I do n't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops , ' the 34-year-old mother-of-two said on Loose Women this afternoon . ` I was referring to extreme sizing , I was referring to health and how we should all participate in helping our youngsters to live healthier lifestyles . ' Women took to Twitter to post their pictures under the #wearethethey , they have defended their bodies against Jamelia 's comments . Jamelia 's co-panellists were quick to leap to her defence . Ruth Langsford , 55 , stated : ` I definitely , categorically said we 're not talking about size 14 , 16 or even 18 . ' Janet Street Porter , 68 , then said : ` I was completely in agreement with Jamelia and I said you 've got to ask yourself if a young girl is already size 20-25 , can she run around with her children , can she enjoy life or is she storing up health problems for later ? ` So I do feel like Jamelia has been somewhat unfairly picked on . ' ` Of course I do n't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops , ' the 34-year-old mother-of-two said on Loose Women this afternoon -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` I was referring to extreme sizing ' Jamelia 's co-panellists , Ruth Langford -LRB- left -RRB- , Coleen Nolan -LRB- center left -RRB- and Janet Street Porter -LRB- right -RRB- were quick to leap to her defence . Jamelia also appeared on Good Morning Britain to say that she was sorry for upsetting people . ` I did n't make it clear on the show that I was talking about extremes , I was talking about above size 20 and below size six , those sizes being available en masse , ' she said . ` Knowing that I offended people really upset me . Knowing that I made people question themselves and their choices , it really did upset me . All I can do is apologise for that . ' But the star added : ` I do stand by what I said . I 'm a real woman with real opinions . I get paid to voice my opinions . Social media users weighed in on Twitter , telling Jamelia to ` keep it shut ' and accusing the singer of ` stirring up hatred ' on the topic . Appearing on Good Morning America earlier today , Jamelia , pictured with GMB presenters Kate Garraway and Susanna Reid , said she still stood by her remarks . Jamelia said of the reaction : ` It 's been absolutely awful but this is my job . I believe we are all entitled to our opinion . ` I genuinely love people and believe everyone has the right to feel wonderful and feel beautiful and it was never my intention to make people feel any less than what they are . ' Speaking on Loose Women yesterday , in the conversation which sparked the controversy , Jamelia said : ` I do not think it 's right to facilitate people living an unhealthy lifestyle , in the same way I do n't believe that a size zero should be available - it 's not a healthy size for an average woman to be . ' Jamelia first response to yesterday 's Twitter backlash was a quote -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Jamelia , who also claimed she was ` all for celebrating people as they are ' , added : ` I do n't believe they -LSB- high street stores -RSB- should be providing clothes for below that range or above that range . ` Yes , have specialist shops , but you should feel uncomfortable if you are unhealthy ... to be available in every High Street store , I do n't think that 's right . ' Viewers were were enraged by her comments and vented on Twitter , with many declaring she should be ` sacked ' from the show , and not a single user taking her side . ` I 'm so disappointed with Jamelia 's comments on Loose Women today . WE . ARE . NOT . PROMOTING . UNHEALTHY.LIFESTYLES . #PlusSizeDebate , ' wrote one . On Monday , Jamelia showed her support for a new Good Morning Britain campaign dubbed #SelfieEsteem , which asks people to snap a first-take selfie and share it unfiltered -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Viewers were quick to criticise the former singer 's comments on Twitter . One asked Jamelia directly what ` large girls ' are supposed to wear , if not clothes . Other fans said they were ` disappointed ' with the singer 's comments . ` Ah Jamelia . The advocate for self esteem telling people that if you 're over a certain size you should n't shop on the high street . Idiot , ' argued another . Indeed , on Monday the singer showed her support for a new Good Morning Britain campaign dubbed #SelfieEsteem , by snapping a first-take selfie and sharing it on social media unfiltered . Jamelia responded to the Twitter backlash with a quote yesterday afternoon . ` Never waste your time trying to explain , to people committed to misunderstanding you , ' she tweeted to her 34,000 followers . Jamelia , pictured in London last week , says she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments ` really difficult '