Controversial bookmakers Paddy Power have provoked outrage with a ` joke ' about the African-American police beatings . In a tweet published ahead of Liverpool 's clash against Newcastle tonight , the bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans . On the Paddy Power Offers page , a tweet was published that read : ` Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male ' . It was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers and has resulted in a furious backlash on social media . Controversy : Paddy Power appeared to make a joke about the recent police shootings on African-Americans . One said : ` This is the most disgusting tweet I 've read in probably my entire time on Twitter . ' She added : ` How dare you make the execution of Black men in America the butt of your jokes ' . Another quipped : ` What 's funny ? Black people being killed ? Explain yourself . ' Others lined up to condemn the bookmakers describing the tweet as ` deplorable ' , ` unbelievable ' , ` horrible ' and ` disgusting ' . Last week , white South Carolina police officer Michael Slager was charged with the murder of Walter Scott , a black man , who was filmed running away from the officer . Mourners at Mr Scott 's funeral service were told by the pastor that his death was the result of ` overt ` racism ' . This is not the first time Paddy Power - who employs Harriet Harman 's son , Harry Dromey as its ` Mischief Champion ' - has courted controversy . Paddy Power 's controversial advert about the outcome of the Oscar Pistorius murder trial was the most complained about advertisement in Britain last year . It offered ` money back if he walks ' for punters betting on the outcome of the trial . After receiving 5,525 complaints , the Advertising Standards Authority -LRB- ASA -RRB- pulled the advert on the grounds it trivialised ` the issues surrounding a murder trial , the death of a woman and disability . ' Pistorius was last year jailed for five years for killing girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , although he could be released this year . Criticism : Paddy Power 's controversial advert about the outcome of the Oscar Pistorius murder trial was the most complained about advertisement in Britain last year . Earlier this year , the bookmakers attracted criticism for an advertising campaign poking fun at foreign owners of British football clubs by featuring a team of players wearing Middle Eastern robes . In the past , it has been derided for an advert showing a cat being kicked into a tree by a blind footballer . It was the most complained about advert of 2010 , but was cleared by the ASA and did not face a ban . Paddy Power also created 2002 's most complained-about advert , with a campaign that placed odds on two elderly women making it across the road safely . On that occasion , it was banned by the ASA . Last year , the bookmakers sponsored US basketball star Dennis Rodman to make a controversial trip to North Korea to hand over gifts to Kim Jong-un . This included an Irish Whiskey set - reportedly worth thousands of pounds - which was given as a birthday present for the North Korea dictator , . In response to the latest furore , a spokesman for Paddy Power said : ` It 's clearly an acerbic reference to recent police activity in the US . And obviously , no offence was meant . '