We have had cereal cafes , a porridge pop-up and a toastie restaurant so it should come as no surprise that London is about to get yet another single-item menu eaterie . The latest to open in the capital this week is the Oshun Café , which will serve £ 6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries . The sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls , served with different toppings and fruit accompaniments . The Native Acai Berry Bowl is topped with bananas , granola , raisin and honey . Oshun Kong -LRB- left -RRB- made with coriander , ginger , lemongrass and sprinkled with sesame seeds . Courgette , lime , sour cherries and strawberries in the Oshun Tang -LRB- right -RRB- . The fruit bowls include Oshun Native made with acaí pulp , banana and honey ; The Oshun Tang made with courgette , lime , sour cherries and acai pulp ; the Oshun Kong featuring acaí pulp , banana , lemongrass , ginger , coriander and honey ; and the Oshun Maya with acaí pulp , raw cacao , cinnamon , orange and avocado . Liane Holey , founder of the cafe said : ` Brazil 's streets are filled with vendors blending acaí pulp with fresh bananas and then topped with honey and granola to create an innocuously addictive berry bowl . ` Oshun Cafe wants the UK to celebrate this way of eating acaí , not as powder , dried supplements or in smoothies and pasteurised juices which have significantly smaller amounts of Açaí and preserved nutrients . '' The acaí berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the Amazon rainforest . For hundreds of years , the small dark berries have been integral to the diet of native Amazonian people . The Acai Berry Bowl Cafe will serve four types of berry bowls . The cafe is open from seven days a week . Oshun Maya with cinnamon , raw cacao , orange and avocado with nested popcorn . The berries taste like blueberries and dark chocolate , with a distinctly earthy aftertaste . They are a favourite of celebrities such as Victoria Beckham , Oprah Winfrey and Matthew McConaughey . Due to their high level of antioxidants the berries are considered a superfood.They also contain high levels of manganese and Omega and are renowned for their weight loss qualities . Oshun Native - acaí pulp , banana and honey . Oshun Tang : courgette , lime , sour cherries and acai pulp . Oshun Kong : banana , lemongrass , ginger , coriander and honey . Oshun Maya : acai berries , raw cacao , cinnamon , orange and avocado . Speaking about the potent powder , food blogger and nutritionist Deliciously Ella said : ` Acai is unbelievably rich in antioxidants , with one of the highest levels ever tested -LRB- eight times that of blueberries and 10 to 30 times that of red wine , -RRB- as well as vitamin E and omega-3s , all of which work to stop free radical damage and keep your body . ` It 's also amazing for keeping your skin glowing and slowing down the signs of ageing . ' The large seed from each berry is removed and the remaining Açaí pulp -LRB- along with its nutrients -RRB- is frozen within 24 hours of being harvested , due to the fresh berry 's short lifespan . In Brazil , acai berry bowls are eaten around the clock . Melt Room , which only serves toasties - or ` melts ' as they are known - will open in Soho , London in May . Cashing in on the trend for single-item menu restaurants , Melt Room , which only serves toasties - or ` melts ' as they are known - will open its doors in May . The menu will offer a variety of sandwiches , from the classic grilled cheese which will set you back £ 4.50 to more upmarket fillings such as slow-cooked lamb shoulder with mustard dressed greens . Nik Williamson of The Porridge Cafe . The menu is currently being finalised but there will approximately be four breakfast toasties or ` melts ' as they will be called , and six signature melts . The 12-seater cafe will also serve seasonal specials and ` hero melts ' with unique cheeses . Melt Room follows on the heels of Old Street 's Porridge Cafe , Simply Crispy in Belfast which serves crisp sandwiches and Brick Lane 's Cereal Killer Cafe . The Porridge Cafe - from the founders of The Bow Street Kitchen Nik Wiliamson and Elly Harrington - opened in early March and serves 25 types of porridge made from 11 different grains . Prices range from £ 2.35 for a bowl of basic porridge to £ 7 for the more hearty versions , with meat and vegetable toppings . The cafe serves both sweet and savoury versions of the traditional breakfast dish . In December 2014 self-confessed cereal obsessives Alan and Gary Keery launched the UK 's first cereal cafe featuring 120 cereals , 20 types of toppings and 12 varieties of milk . The identical twins ' establishment opened in Brick Lane , London and offers a menu of over 100 cereals from around the world . The duo came under fire when they first opened their cafe , for charging £ 3.20 for a bowl of cereal . The single-item cafe movement is not just confined to London . Belfast 's Simply Crispy which opened earlier in January was the brainchild of businessman Andrew McMenamin who had planned to keep his pop-up going for just four weeks . Alan and Gary Keery launched the UK 's first cereal cafe featuring 120 cereals , 20 types of toppings and 12 varieties of milk . Belfast 's Simply Crispy which opened in January is the brainchild of businessman Andrew McMenamin . But with diners queuing down the street to get their hands on the snacks , which have sold out every day , the cafe will now stay open and could even expand to other shops in Northern Ireland , Dublin , or London . ` We have managed to sell out every day - not the crisps though , the bread , the baps . We ca n't get our hands on enough fresh baps because everything flies out of the door , ' Mr McMenamin said . Moo 'd , opened by best friends Zoe Blogg and Jen Gibb in Leeds in February this year , offers 100 different cereals as well as ` cocktails ' consisting of mixed varieties of different brands . Not wanting to be left behind , two rivals are racing to become Manchester 's first cereal cafe . Black Milk Cereal Dive has confirmed it will open in Afflecks Palace this month , and according to Twitter , Cereal Central MCR is ` coming soon . ' The acai berry is a rich purple palm fruit indigenous to the Amazon rainforest . For hundreds of years , these small dark berries have been integral to the diet of native Amazon people . The berries are packed with amino acids , as well as vitamins A , B , C and E and minerals such as potassium , calcium , magnesium , copper and zinc . The fruit perishes quickly after being picked , so to help preserve its goodness it is often made into acai berry juice , supplements or powder , which is often whizzed into a smoothie . According to some sites selling acai products , the berry 's fibre and essential fatty acid content contribute to its ability to burn fat more efficiently , process food more quickly , cut down on cravings , and boost metabolism .