Ronald Koeman insists Southampton 's goals have dried up due to their Barclays Premier League rivals giving them more respect . Saints have slipped out of the Champions League places and into seventh following a run of three defeats in their last six games ahead of Saturday 's home clash with Hull . Koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals but rather than looking to his strikers for fault , he believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor . Ronald Koeman feels Southampton have found it hard to score due to opponents respecting them more . Southampton striker Graziano Pelle -LRB- centre -RRB- has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season . Pelle -LRB- left -RRB- is tackled by John Stones in Southampton 's 1-0 defeat by Everton at Goodison Park . ` It 's not in my opinion a problem about one player - just look at the last few games , ' Koeman said . ` Even when we play away - for example last weekend against Everton - teams do n't care about playing football at home , they defend . That is different to the beginning of the season . ` Now opponents do n't care how they play against Southampton , they 're happy to defend and they 're concerned about getting points . At this point of the season , points are more important for them . ` We are not always scoring lots of goals and that 's the difference . We are not getting the space we had in the beginning . ` It makes it more difficult because then there is not really a lot of space . Liverpool played with three centre-backs but with five defenders against Southampton , and Hull normally play with five defenders . ` That means there is not a lot of space , so you have to play very well or you need a player who makes an individual action and scores a goal . ` But those types of individual , high-quality players are not playing for Southampton . ' Koeman remains upbeat and is targeting European qualification with Southampton this season . Koeman believes Southampton 's Champions League dream is over , but still covets a place in the Europa League . ` You have to be realistic . The difference to the top four is eight points and that is a lot . The focus at the moment has to be about fifth , sixth and seventh position in the table , ' he sad . ` We would like to play European football and fifth and sixth positions mean European football . '