Kim Kardashian has revealed that she is going to great lengths to make sure that her luxurious designer wardrobe stays in mint condition because she plans on handing ` everything ' down to her 22-month-old daughter North West . The 34-year-old reality star explained that she is creating an ` archive ' of her most infamous outfits , which she stores in clear plastic bags , because she is keen on the idea of North inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older . ' -LSB- ` I 'm saving -RSB- every last piece , ' Kim told The Huffington Post of her most memorable designer ensembles . ` Everything . I have a full archive . The dress that I wore on the cover of Vogue will be hers . All of my Met Gala dresses . ' Scroll down for video . Family values : Kim , who is pictured with her smiling daughter North West , revealed that the 22-month-old will inherit her entire wardrobe when she gets older . Mini-me : Kim Kardashian and her 22-month-old daughter North West wear matching back while sightseeing in Armenia . The mother-of-one added : ` I keep everything and put it in these clear plastic bags altogether with the shoes - the whole look of what I wore . ' As Kim named her Givenchy wedding dress , which she wore last May to wed Kanye West in Florence , Italy , as the ` prize piece ' in her clothing collection , it 's likely that the one-of-a-kind gown will also be handed down to her young daughter one day . Kim credited her husband for ` introducing ' her to the fashion world and added that she wants their daughter to follow in their footsteps and be confident in what she wears . She added : ` I took a lot of direction from my husband when he introduced me more to the fashion world . And now I love taking risks . I love wearing things that maybe I could n't quite understand at the time . ' And Kim maintained that she loves all forms of personal style as long as it 's unique to the individual . ` I just love when someone has their own style - even if it 's something that I would n't wear , ' she said . ` So I would just encourage North to be herself and wear what she thinks she looks good in . Just be yourself and take risks . ' Hot mommy : The 34-year-old , pictured in a figure-hugging nude skirt , said she thinks she dresses sexier now that is a mother . Kim also admitted that she is usually responsible for dressing North , she said the 37-year-old rapper always finds something ` super cute ' for their little girl to wear . ` I love when he picks out her clothes , ' she explained . ` I know if I go downstairs to make breakfast and ask him to get her dressed that she 'll come down looking super cute . But usually I pretty much pick out her outfits . ' And with a mother as glamorous and as make-up savvy as Kim , it 's no surprise that North is already developing an obsession with beauty products - and shoes . Last week , The Keeping Up with the Kardashian star spoke with elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman , mother , wife and dressing her post-baby body . ' -LSB- North -RSB- is obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself , ' Kim told the website . ` She just loves the process . She could not be more ultimately girly-girl . ' Family time : Kim can be seen holding North 's hand while she and Kanye tour Armenia . Stellar style : North wore a black fringed dress , black combat boots and an olive green jacket while out with her parents . The mother-of-one noted that after she gives North , who will turn two in June , a bath her adorable daughter always asks for her ` purse ' because she really wants to grab her mom 's make-up bag , which is inside . Kim said that if she turns around for a second , North will have her lipstick ` all over her face ' , so she had to give her a ` little make-up bag ' of her own . Not surprisingly , the reality TV star , who often matches North 's outfits to her own , admitted that she likes it when kid 's wear ` mini-me styles ' and she loves ` seeing kids in black ' . While Kim insisted that North ` gravitates towards really simple things ' when it comes to clothing , she noted that her little girl ` loves accessories ' . According to Kim , the toddler always requests a pair of shoes to wear first thing in the morning . She added that North ` just discovered backpacks so she loves to put them on ' . In fact , North loves luggage in general . The precious tot , who has been photographed lugging a small Frozen-themed suitcase through the airport , always tries to take her mom 's luggage . Holiday spirit : North donned a flower and a white ensemble that matched her mother 's dress when the Kardashian family went to church on Easter . Matching looks : Kim and North donned neutral coats during a trip to the airport . ` We got the Frozen suitcase so she has to carry it everywhere , ' she explained . ` It took us about 30 minutes longer to get through the airport because she had to carry her suitcase herself . ' She noted that North did n't want to be picked up , adding : ` She 's very independent . Kim believes that her daughter 's independence may have to do with the fact she was adamant about North sleeping in her own room - and now that 's where she prefers to be . ` She kind of likes to be in her own room and that has allowed -LSB- Kanye and I -RSB- to have our time together , ' she said . Kim said that she does n't want to tell anyone how to parent , but it was important to her as a new mom that she set boundaries and dedicate five to ten percent of her day to herself in order to maintain her sanity . In sync : North , who loves accessories , was photographed wearing a YSL bag to the airport and striped pants that matched her mom 's button-down shirt . ` It worked for me to be able to get my work out in , make me feel good about myself , put my daughter down to bed at a decent time , and have the night with my husband , ' she said . And because those post-baby workouts helped her get back in shape , she has a newfound confidence that has inspired her to flaunt her body in cleavage-baring tops and figure-hugging dresses . ' -LSB- I think I dress -RSB- sexier now than I did before , ' she said of her mommy style . Kim , who helped her sisters Kourtney and Khloe launch their latest Kardashian Kids children 's collection at Nordstrom.com on Monday , noted that she always gives 100per cent of herself to every project she takes on . ` Nothing comes easy , ' she said . ` I know that people joke all the time and try to figure out , you know , what it is that I do , but I work really hard . I get up every day at 5 a.m. and start my day . '