A police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his reporter girlfriend . Channel 7 Perth news reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins ' arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2 am on March 12 when he was released on bail . The troubled star was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park , in Perth . First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson is said to have been dating Ms Dirksz at the time and is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage , WA Today reports . Scroll down for video . Officer Daniel Jamieson -LRB- left -RRB- is accused of leaking confidential information about Ben Cousins ' arrest in March to his girlfriend Channel 7 Perth news reporter Monique Dirksz . Police investigators became suspicious when Ms Dirksz -LRB- right -RRB- and her cameraman were the only people outside Freemantle Police station at 2 am on March 12 when Cousins -LRB- left -RRB- was granted bail . Acting Police Commissioner Steve Brown said the policeman allegedly looked up the information on a police computer . The 29-year-old was stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between March 11 and 17 , 2015 . At 11:00 am on March 12 , Ms Dirksz tweeted : ` Ben Cousins arrested after police pursuit . Charged with Reckless Driving , Fail to Stop and Failure to Provide a Sample of Breath . ' Mr Brown said Ms Dirksz had done nothing wrong but told 6PR Mornings radio Mr Jamieson 's alleged offences were an ` absolute breach of trust not only for this agency but for the community at large ' . Mr Jamieson will appear in Perth Magistrates Court on May 5 . Daily Mail Australia has contacted Ms Dirksz for comment . Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins ' arrest . Officer Jamieson accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage . At 11:00 am on March 12 , Ms Dirksz tweeted : ` Ben Cousins arrested after police pursuit . Charged with Reckless Driving , Fail to Stop and Failure to Provide a Sample of Breath . ' Acting Police Commissioner Steve Brown confirmed Ms Dirksz had done nothing wrong . Mr Brown is also concerned about the 112 police officers who had accessed Cousins ' confidential files 300 times in two days , some of whom were working in regional WA . ` We want to know why they have accessed these records . It 's a breach of trust , ' Mr Brown said . Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr , a fellow former West Coast Eagles player , according to The West Australian . The pair both made headlines in recent months , for different incidents . Mr Brown confirmed to Daily Mail Australia an internal investigation is underway relating to access , but would not confirm or make comment about the people whose records had been accessed . Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins -LRB- pictured on April 9 -RRB- . ` I can confirm that WA Police are currently investigating accesses , by a large number of police employees , to the records of high profile persons within our internal computer systems , ' Commissioner Brown said in a statement . ` The focus of the investigation will be to determine if the accesses were justified having regard to the work role of each officer . This process will take some weeks , if not months , to complete . Allegations will be investigated under Section 440A of the Criminal Code , which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $ 12,000 fine for unauthorised computer usage . ` The disappointing thing from my view is that the behaviour of these personnel has triggered a series of resource intensive internal investigations which will likely have criminal and/or internal disciplinary outcomes , ' Mr Brown said . The disgraced football player -LRB- pictured during his career -RRB- was arrested three times in two weeks in March , and another warrant was issued for his arrest in April when he failed to front court . Cousins , pictured here in handcuffs arriving at court earlier in April , has a well-documented and public battle with methamphetamine . ` I suspect that the investigation will find that the majority of the accesses will have stemmed from mere curiosity , however this will not be known for sure until we undertake the investigation , ' he added . In light of the incident the Acting Commissioner also assured West Australians that their information was safe . ` The community can rest assured that we hold their information in high regard and will conduct investigations into all suspected access breaches of our computer systems . ' However the WA Police Union has reacted negatively to the news of an investigation , with president George Tilbury telling The West Australian officers had done nothing wrong . He said they exhibited ` professional curiosity ' and added ` there is no suggestion in these cases of any corruption ' . Ben Cousins was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of March , following a slew of erratic events . Cousins was spotted climbing onto the roof of a two-storey home in Perth earlier this month . Footage also emerged showing Cousins running through the streets away from police . Cousins was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of March , following a slew of erratic events . Cousins was reportedly arrested compulsively taking photos of a Sikh temple before climbing onto the roof of another home in Canning Vale in Perth 's south . The 36-year-old footballer allegedly upset Sikh priest , Jasvinder Singh and his wife when he reversed his car over the garden of the temple ground and parked in Mr Singh 's personal car park . On March 16 Cousins , who has a history of serious drug abuse , was assessed at a mental health facility after he was caught behind the secure fences of an SAS base . On April 8 , when Cousins failed to front court on the driving charges a warrant for his arrest was issued . The next day the Perth-based former AFL star surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .