Many couples disagree over what to name their children -- but one New York couple 's battle over their unborn baby 's moniker became so unbearable that they have asked random members of the public to help them reach a decision . Kseniya Soukeras , who is due in August , wants to name her unborn child Michael , after her late father . Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon , after his own father . Because they have been unable to settle their disagreement privately , the couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision ; Nicholas , 37 , has launched an online petition asking for help to sway his wife . Baby name showdown : Nicholas and Kseniya Soukeras ca n't agree over whether to name their child Spyridon or Michael , which Nicholas says his wife will shorten to Mischa . ` The argument is serious -- it 's not a joke , ' Kseniya , 33 , told the New York Post . ` I do n't want to call my son something I ca n't even pronounce . ' According to the petition , Kseniya finds the name Spyridon ` archaic , base , bereft of elegance and unsuitable for a child living in 21st century America ' . But Nicholas argues that his wife simply has not had the opportunity to grow to like the name , and that her ` Russian ear is not trained for the sweet , musical sounds of our Greek nomenclature ' . Rich history : Nicholas says the name Spyridon ` has been held by the highest and most honored officials and patriots of both the U.S. and the former Soviet Union ' However , the nights of ` bickering about it back and forth ' may be moot : the couple does not even know for sure whether they are even having a son . ` My husband is convinced . He thinks he 's a psychic ... he thinks he can see through the belly , ' says Kseniya . In fact , if the couple has a girl , Nicholas is willing to let Kseniya choose the name ; he also says that if they name their first born son Spyridon , his wife can choose the name of their second son . Mystery child : The couple does n't yet know the sex of their baby ; if it 's a girl , Nicolas will surrender all naming rights to Kseniya . While they wait to find out , Nicholas is hoping to get 100,000 signatures supporting his choice -- the magic number that his wife agreed would be enough for him to get his way . ` I 'll settle for 100,000 -- this is an approximate population of my hometown Maladzyechna , ' says Kseniya , who was born in Belarus . Nicholas is still far off from his goal , but his nuanced plea has so far garnered over 200 supporters .