Gary Player will attend his 58th Masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game 's most exclusive club and salute what he considers would be one of the sport 's finest accomplishments . The great man considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen . So you can imagine how excited he is at the prospect of Rory McIlroy becoming just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25 . ` I 'm not sure people fully realise what a magnificent effort it would be , ' said the South African legend . ` When I completed my Slam at 29 I said to my wife that you will never see that done again . Then Jack Nicklaus came along and did it at 26 and then Tiger at 24 . Jack Nicklaus watches his shot go for a birdie on the 17th at the Masters golf tournament in Augusta in 1986 . Rory McIlroy meets up with South African Golf Legend Gary Player during the pro-am in 2009 . Rory McIlroy , pictured in action at the Arnold Palmer Invitational , and is favourite to win the Masters . ` Now we have Rory , and I tell you this : I honestly believe he is going to do it . I just believe everything is going to fall into place for him , that he will learn from the mistakes he made when he messed up in 2011 and put everything right . ' It is not hard to see why Player would have such a special affinity for McIlroy . Two men of similar stature who came from a foreign land to take on the Americans in the majors in their own backyard ; two men with a commitment to fitness with minds strong enough to ward off all the criticism . Forget Tiger . It was Player , of course , who wrote the book when it came to golfers and fitness . Heavens , he is still doing 1,300 sit-ups and squatting 300 lb every morning even now , at the age of 79 . He is withering in his contempt of those who say McIlroy is ` bulking up ' too much in the gym . ` I 'm going to guess most of the critics are fat and do n't watch what they eat , ' he says . ` Just because they 're lazy , they ca n't grasp that fitness is so vital . Tom Watson presents Player with a Green Jacket after the 1978 Masters Tournament at Augusta National . ` I was told that because I was so keen on fitness my career in golf would be over early and I would n't win any tournaments after the age of 34 . I was told I had no chance of winning the US Open if I was squatting 325 lb the previous evening . What rubbish . ` I 'm just so pleased to see travelling gymnasiums on the circuit and that most players see the value of putting themselves through the pain barrier . I used to go down to the local YMCA wherever we were playing and sometimes wait 20 minutes to use the equipment . But it you want to be a superstar , and by a superstar I mean a player who has won at least six majors , there are no short cuts . Woods could pose a threat to McIlroy at the Masters after confirming that he will play at Augusta . ` Rory will be an absolute superstar when he wins the Masters . And yes , I can see a lot of similarities with myself . I love the fact he is a people person , for example , and engages with the fans . That 's what I used to love , and still do . So many pros ca n't be bothered to talk to the fans and it 's so wrong . ' Player also gives short shrift to the idea that completing the career Grand Slam is a modern media invention . ` I tell you it was electrifying when I completed it in 1965 , ' he said . ` I so wanted to follow Gene Sarazen and particularly Ben Hogan and become the third player to achieve it , because Hogan was the best player I 'd seen . Jack and I were both in competition to complete it and it was a piece of advice Jack gave me that helped me over the line . ` I was due to play a tournament at Greensboro in 1965 when Jack said if I wanted to win the US Open and complete the set I should go with him to the US Open site and practise . I said I needed the money , that I had loads of children to look after , but I went with him . So he played a key role . McIlroy manages a smile after throwing away a four-shot lead on the final day of the Masters in 2011 . Jack Nicklaus waves before hitting his drive at the ceremonial start of the 2014 Masters golf tournament . ` It was amazing afterwards . Everyone wanted to know how a man from a small country who lost his mother at the age of eight and his dad worked in a mine could achieve such a thing . How on earth could it happen ? ' Player and Nicklaus have remained lifelong friends . They will be partners in a team competition in the autumn before Player heads to Greece for his 80th birthday celebrations . ` There will be 35 people there and Jack and I will need to win that event for me to be able to pay for it , ' said Player , laughing . As for Augusta , he is looking forward as ever to hitting the ceremonial first shot on Thursday alongside Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer . And then , 50 years on from his own date with history , he will join every other fascinated observer to see if another non-American can complete the set of majors and join him on what former US Open champion Curtis Strange evocatively refers to as golf 's Mount Rushmore .