Authorities forced alleged gang members to reveal their tattoos after they were arrested during a nationwide operation that saw more than 1,200 people detained . Teams from Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement -LRB- ICE -RRB- stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates following a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire . Officials from 215 local , state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons , drugs and cash at the addresses and at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape , murder and sexual assault . As they were booked into jail , some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs . Detained : A gang member arrested during raids by Homeland Security and Customs officials across the country shows off his head tattoo in Dallas , Texas -LRB- left -RRB- . The letters could mean he was a member of a Sureno -LRB- Mexican Mafia -RRB- gang and was originally based in El Paso . Another suspect covered in tattoos poses in Lubbock , Texas -LRB- right -RRB- . Images released following the raids show tables covered in confiscated guns and defendants showing off their gang tattoos . The greatest activity took place in the San Juan , Dallas , El Paso , Los Angeles and Detroit . Most were U.S. citizens but 199 foreign nationals were also arrested from 18 countries in South and Central America , Asia , Africa , Europe and the Caribbean . Of the individuals arrested , 976 were gang members and associates . Homeland Security Investigation -LRB- HSI -RRB- agents also arrested -- or assisted in the arrest -- of 231 other individuals on federal and/or state criminal violations and administrative immigration violations , for a total of 1,207 arrests . Of the total 1,207 arrested , 1,057 were males and 150 were females . From those in crime syndicates 913 were charged with criminal offenses and 63 were arrested administratively for immigration violations ; 650 had violent criminal histories , including 19 individuals wanted on active warrants for murder and 15 for rape or sexual assault ; and 199 were foreign nationals , of which 151 were gang members and gang associates . Suspect : A man shows off his ink before being booked into jail in Lubbock , Texas , following the nationwide raid where more than 1,200 people were arrested . One of the markings on his back is of the Virgin Mary . Identity : Two more suspects reveal their tattoos to the authorities in Dallas -LRB- left -RRB- and Denver , Colorado -LRB- right -RRB- . One of the men has a five-point crown , meaning he could be a member of a the Latins King gang while the other has a large cannabis leaf emblazoned on his chest . Designs : A pair of alleged gang members pull up their shirts to show their artwork in San Antonio , Texas -LRB- left -RRB- , and Denver , Colorado -LRB- right -RRB- . The one on the left has an Aztec design , meaning the suspect could be part of a gang with Mexican or Latin American origins while the clown has a variety of meanings , depending on the facial expression . Animated : One man detained in Dallas , Texas , appears to have a character from the film Monsters Inc inked into his back in between a woman and an angel . Meaning : The man on the left has a spiderweb tattoo , which is said to suggest the wearer is doing time or has served time in prison . The other man has : ` Do n't cry for God ' emblazoned on his neck . Sarah R. Saldaña , the director of the ICE , said in a statement : ` Criminal gangs inflict violence and fear upon our communities , and without the attention of law enforcement , these groups can spread like a cancer . ` That 's why ICE works with law enforcement partners around the country to stamp out gang activity wherever it takes place . ' Homeland Security 's Greg Mandoli told Fox News : ` This is where grassroots law enforcement starts . This is how we get a baseline read of what 's happening ... it all builds on itself ... this is what federal agencies , investigative agencies like HSI , are doing to target transnational criminality . ` We 're looking to prevent , deter and protect communities . The public does n't realize what 's happening in a federal investigative agency like HSI and the breath of the investigations that we 're doing . ` So , with Project Wildfire , we 're looking to take ground information and feed them back into the collective pool ... working with our local partners to identify community threats as we look to prevent , deter and protect the homeland . ' Areas : Two more suspects show off their inking with the letters ` V ' and ` I ' on one man 's neck in San Diego , California and the letters ` TT ' on another in Dallas , Texas . Covered : This suspect apprehended in Dallas , Texas , has markings all over his body . The American head dress design below is said to symbolize spirituality . One man in Denver , Colorado , sports an upside down clown on his forearm , which depicts a gang member 's ` play now , pay later ' attitude . Another shows off his artwork in Los Angeles , California . Source : U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Contraband : Weapons , drugs and money are laid out on a table in San Francisco following a raid on properties linked to gangs across the country that led to more than 1,200 arrests . Raids : Teams from Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement -LRB- ICE -RRB- stormed properties in cities including Los Angeles -LRB- pictured -RRB- associated with 239 crime syndicates following a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire . Questioning : Members of a Homeland Security gang unit speak to an alleged gang member during a traffic stop in San Francisco , California . Observing : Officers inspect an alleged gang member 's tattoos in Dallas , Texas . The operation began on February 23 and ended on March 31 . Bodycam : Agents capture footage of an unidentified suspect during one of the raids . Taken away : A member of the ICE task force arrests an alleged gang member in Los Angeles , California . Preparation : Agents gather outside a house in Detroit , Michigan , just moments before a raid .