A former Kansas elementary school teacher was arrested this week and charged with child sex crimes . Kourtnie A. Sanchez , 25 , was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations , solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor . Sanchez - who is believed to be a mother-of-three - was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester . Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17 , and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014 . However it is unclear how many victims there were . Scroll down for video . Charged : Kourtnie A. Sanchez , 25 , was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations , solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor . Obscene : Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester , when the alleged incidents ' occurred . Married : Sanchez - whose maiden name is Olsen - is married and is believed to have three children . She will next appear in court on May 8 . Selfie : The former student teacher is seen here in photos from her Facebook account , which has now been deactivated . She left her position in December 2014 . Brief : Sanchez looked sullen during her first court appearance on Tuesday March 31 , 2015 . Sanchez - whose maiden name was Kourtnie Olsen - was never employed by the district because she was a student teacher through a college program . However she still coached some junior high sports for the school for the past two years . She coached junior high girls ' volleyball and basketball , even though she was not a certified teacher , so was not permitted to coach , according to KAKE.com . The school said she left in December following a ` situation ' , but would not elaborate . Sanchez looked sullen during her first court appearance on Tuesday . The history log of her Snapchat - a cellphone App that allows users to send photos and videos to each other that expire after seven seconds - have been listed as part of the complaint . She made a fast exit as soon the brief hearing had finished . Scene : Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka , Kansas , and also coached volleyball and basketball at Eureka Junior High School -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Eureka resident Andrew Bratton called the allegations atrocious . ` Anybody who would mess with kids , I have a pretty low opinion of , ' Bratton . ` If there 's a word lower than low , that would be my opinion of it . ' Sanchez is currently out of jail on a $ 50,000 bond . Her preliminary hearing is scheduled for May 8 .