Target : Groups of men and women were asked whether they would kill a young Hitler -LRB- pictured above aged 25 -RRB- to prevent WWII . It is a classic question of morality - if you could travel back in time and prevent the Second World War by killing a young Hitler , would you ? You could hypothetically save millions of lives - but at the cost of personally murdering someone who had yet to do anything wrong . The answer , according to a recent scientific study , has a lot to do with your gender ; and women are far more reluctant to cause any harm in the short term in order to get a better result in the long run . Researchers from Germany , Canada and the United States analysed answers to the Hitler question , and others like it , from 6,100 people . They found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line , while women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing . Other dilemmas tested included a scenario where a group of people were hiding from soldiers trying to kill them , but were about to be given away by a baby crying . The choice is whether to smother the child and save the group , or keep it alive and be caught . A third imagined a farming family who had fallen on hard times and had no food to eat . Their only way to avoid starvation would be to have their young daughter carry out sex work for money . The study , published in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , grouped the responses into two groups . Those who chose short-term harm to get an overall better result were termed utilitarians . The other group , for whom the ends could not justify the means , were called deontologists . Differences : The study revealed that women are more reluctant than men to do something harmful in the short-term to secure a better result in the long term -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Hard times : Another question imagined that the only way out of poverty and stavation was making a young girl do sex work for money -LRB- file photo -RRB- . The scientists found that men were moderately more likely to fall into the utilitarian camp , while in women there was a very pronounced trend to go the opposite way . Other data also suggested that women found the decisions more agonizing than the men , who had relatively straightforward time coming to their conclusion . Rebecca Friesdorf , one of the researchers , who is based at Wilfrid Laurier University in Ontario , Canada , said that the results seem to show women employ more emotion making their decisions , while men go more on logic alone . As the women had stronger , competing urges in each scenario , they found the dilemmas more difficult . Explaining her study to NPR , she said : ` Women seem to be feeling more equal levels of both emotion and cognition . They seem to be experiencing similar levels of both , so it 's more difficult for them to make their choice . '