This is the moment the pop star daughter of a Mexican drugs lord broke into court in the middle of the night with gun-toting bodyguards -- to shoot a music video . Singer Melissa Plancarte , whose stage name is Melissa : Cartel Princess , was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico 's Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video ` Since You Left ' . Seen by half a million fans , the clip shows glamorous pop star - one of Mexico 's most beautiful women , dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase . Scroll down for video . Break-in : Singer Melissa Plancarte is pictured dancing on the stairs inside the courthouse in her music video . Lavish lifestyle : Melissa Plancarte lives in a mansion in the town of Nueva Italia and has three pet tigers . Father : Enrique Plancarte was in charge of a drugs cartel known for hanging its victims by the neck from busy motorway bridges . And Melissa would have got away with it - had it not been for eagle eyed fans who spotted unmistakeable murals at the state capital Morelia building . Furious officials say the star did n't have permission to film at the courthouse . Supreme Court President Juan Antonio Magaña blasted : ` It 's not possible to hire out these buildings for any price . At least not legally . ' Speculating how the pop star got in , state governor Fausto Vallejo said he suspected the guards may have received bribes . Melissa 's father , Enrique Plancarte , headed one of Mexico 's biggest drugs cartels which was infamous for hanging its victims by the neck from motorway bridges . Plancarte made millions before he died in a shoot out with the Mexican Navy last year . He owned Melissa 's record label , PlanRecords - which has just two other acts on its books - Melissa 's brother and sister Kike and Jazet . The stunning singer , who owns three pet tigers and boasts about her lavish lifestyle on Instagram , only recently admitted who her father was . She was outed in a social media campaign by Michoacan self-defence groups , who are waging a war to rid the state of drugs families . Mobster Plancarte was responsible for numerous deaths across Mexico . He headed the Knights Templar cartel , which smuggled crystal meth into the US . The mob boss was killed after a bounty of £ 435,000 was placed on his head by the government . His shooting sent shockwaves through the Knights Templar . ` We knew this was going to happen but nothing can prepare you for it , ' Melissa revealed after attending her father 's funeral . Recognisable : YouTube users pointed out the unmistakable murals and staircase inside the court building . Social media : Pop star Melissa owns a large mansion in the town of Nueva Italia and documents her lavish lifestyle on Instagram . The stunning singer only recently admitted her father was the feared drug boss who has been responsible for countless deaths across the troubled state of Michoacan . Body art : This Instagram picture shows the pretty singer wearing no make up and having a tattoo done . But her mob connections do not end with her father ; last year her nephew Mario Contreras and cousin Nazaro Moreno were arrested for their involvement with organised crime . She bosted of her mob roots when she posed in an outfit bearing the insignia of her father 's gang - a red cross on a white background - on Instagram . And last April , the Cartel Princess posted photos on social media from inside a property that had been seized by the Knights Templar through an illegal extortion racket . To hit back , she published a music video called ` Me Vale ' -LRB- ` I Do n't Care ' -RRB- filmed in the house with her crime family . Melissa owns a large mansion in the town of Nueva Italia -- the centre of Knights Templar heartland - and shares them with her three big cats , which is a status symbol in Mexico . ` I like them because they 're exotic and unique ' , she told Mexican showbiz magazine TvNotas . Her mother Neria Bustos Valencia still lives in the town centre mansion her dead husband built in the centre of Nueva Italia , next door to Melissa . Unusual pets : The keeping of big cats as pets is seen as a status symbol in Mexico and Melissa has three . Melissa 's connections to the criminal gang do not end with her father - last year her nephew Mario Contreras and cousin Nazaro Moreno were arrested for their involvement with organised crime .