Jose Mourinho insists Eden Hazard is in a one-horse race to scoop the player of the season award . The Chelsea forward has been outstanding this season and will be a leading contender to claim both the PFA and Football Writers ' awards next month . The Belgian will face stiff competition , namely from Tottenham 's Harry Kane , but Mourinho claims anyone who tips a player other than Hazard is merely making mischief . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is backing his forward Eden Hazard -LRB- right -RRB- to win Player of the Year awards . Mourinho believes that ` it should n't even be a debate ' that Hazard should claim the top prizes this season . Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season and instrumental to their title charge . Mourinho insists that Hazard will be able to fend off competition from the likes of Spurs ' Harry Kane -LRB- centre -RRB- . ` It should n't even be a debate , ' said Mourinho . ` If somebody throws other names on the table , it 's because he wants to sell papers , get more clicks or throw some sand into people 's eyes , because this player is by far the best player in the season . ' Hazard is likely to feature at Queens Park Rangers on Saturday but Diego Costa will miss four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury against Burnley last weekend . It means the striker will miss clashes with Manchester United and Arsenal . Mourinho is prepared to risk the availability of Cesc Fabregas and Nemanja Matic -- both one booking away from a two-match ban -- for the matches against Chelsea 's rivals , saying : ` We try not to get a yellow card during the match , to play football . We know -LRB- the risks -RRB- , but the game is a three-point game . ' Meanwhile , Chelsea defender Wallace -- on loan at Vitesse Arnhem -- has been arrested on suspicion of an offence in a nightclub . The Dutch club refused to comment on the nature of the alleged offence , but a police spokesman was quoted by local media stating it was ` sexual ' . Wallace was later released without charge . Chelsea striker Diego Costa is set to be out of action for four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury . Mourinho will risk playing Cesc Fabregas for Chelsea 's matches with their rivals , despite his yellow card tally . Chelsea defender Wallace -LRB- left -RRB- , on loan at Vitesse , has been arrested following an alleged nightclub incident .