Travelling with a pet can be a stressful and expensive ordeal , but Delta Air Lines have come up with a way to put passengers at ease when their pet is in the carrier below . The new pet GPS system allows owners to track their furry friends ' journeys in real time , from monitoring the temperature below , to whether their cage is upright or askew . The first-of-its-kind technology was developed by Sendum Wireless Corp. and is available for $ 50 per flight from 10 US airports . Delta 's new pet GPS , available for $ 50 per flight , allows owners to track their pets on a plane via a website . The move was no doubt aimed to make passengers feel safer about bringing their pets with them on flights , as Delta Air Lines has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities on board . Tragically between 2010 and 2013 , Delta reported the greatest number of animal incidents and was held responsible for 41 of the 97 reported deaths that year . They maintain that the high numbers are due to the fact they carry a higher number of pets than competitors . The service is available from 10 US airlines including Los Angeles and Atlanta . Two months ago it was reported that Delta failed to load a number of show dogs on a flight , and staff admitted they did not know where the prized pets were , when they were asked by customers . The dogs had been competing at the prestigious Westminster Dog Show in New York and were headed for Seattle . Angry passengers disembarked and were given a free overnight stay at a hotel near JFK , a refund of their $ 200 dog fees , VIP service at the airport and spots in the cabin for the dogs for the return flight to Seattle . It is hoped the Sendum Wireless Corp. technology , which has similar trackers for keeping tabs on alcohol and tobacco and to make sure seafood is kept cold , will give owners peace of mind during their travels . Owners of pets at the Westminster Dog Show in New York were told their pets were not on board their Delta flight , and disembarked to go and find them . The pets were safely retrieved , but the airlines has had a number of animal related incidents in the past .