Atletico Madrid are meeting with representatives of Palermo over the signing of Argentine forward Paulo Dybala , according to reports in Spain . Dybala , whom the Serie A club value at £ 29m , has also been linked with Arsenal and Chelsea but it seems the La Liga side are in the box seat . AS report that a representative for Palermo , Gustavo Mascardi , is in Madrid and is set to meet the Atletico hierarchy on Friday . Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Palermo 's Paulo Dybala , according to reports in AS . Argentine Paulo Dybala has attracted interest from a number of leading European clubs . He will then report back to Palermo president Mauricio Zamparini and to Dybala , who has scored 13 goals in 30 matches this season . Dybala , 21 , has made clear his desire to play Champions League football and is n't short of interest , with Juventus , Roma , Inter Milan and Paris Saint-Germain all in the race . Elsewhere , AS profile the Porto coach Julen Lopetegui , who masterminded their 3-1 Champions League win over Bayern Munich on Wednesday night . ` Lopetegui grows and grows , ' they say on their front page , linking him with the Real Madrid job that might become vacant this summer . Lopetegui represented Real as a player and also coached their B team in the 2008-09 season . Marca report that Real boss Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by demanding that he rediscovers the ` defensive intensity ' that made his ` an undisputed starter . ' They also focus on the race between the stars of Real and Barcelona to reach 100 goals for the season . At the moment , Barca 's deadly trio of Lionel Messi , Luis Suarez and Neymar have 91 goals to the 88 of Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema . Marca report that Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by telling him to be more defensive . Mundo Deportivo have installed Barcelona as favourites to win the Champions League . Mundo Deportivo feature a picture of the Barcelona team that won 3-1 in Paris on Wednesday night and proclaim them ` favourites ' to go on and win the competition . They report that bets on Barcelona winning the tournament have increased following their ` exhibition ' against PSG that featured a double for Suarez and another for Neymar . In Italy , the sports dailies reflect on Thursday night 's Europa league action , with Gazzetta dello Sport running the headline ` Napoli Lions ' after their stunning 4-1 win away to Wolfsburg . There were ` four candles on Rafa Benitez 's birthday ' as the Serie A side , inspired by Gonzalo Higuain , went goal crazy in Germany . Gazzetta dello Sport in Italy praise the performance of Napoli as they beat Wolfsburg 4-1 . Napoli 's impressive Europa League win has also made the front cover of Corriere dello Sport . Fiorentina , meanwhile , showed a ` purple heart ' to claim a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev thanks to Khouma Babacar 's 92nd minute equaliser . Corriere dello Sport hail Napoli 's win as ` a big thing ' and say they are already into the semi-finals . Tuttosport look at who could replace Carlos Tevez in the Juventus attack should the Argentine choose to leave in the summer . Their shortlist for the post-Tevez era features PSG 's Edinson Cavani , Manchester United flop Radamel Falcao , Napoli 's Gonzalo Higuain and the aforementioned Dybala . Tuttosport have a look at the possible replacements should Carlos Tevez leave Juventus in the summer .