Punched , elbowed , apparently bitten . Just another night for an Atletico Madrid striker . Yet this was not Diego Costa circa 2010 to 2014 . This was Mario Mandzukic involved in bust-up after bust-up as he shed blood and sweat against great rivals Real Madrid at the Vicente Calderon . When Atletico allowed Costa to sign for Chelsea on July 1 , 2014 , Diego Simeone may have fretted about losing his street fighter . Not for long , however . Just nine days later , he bought Mandzukic from Bayern Munich , and the Croatia international looked every bit as aggressive on Tuesday night . Blood pours from Mario Mandzukic 's face during the Champions League quarter-final first leg in Madrid . Sergio Ramos and Atletico Madrid striker Mandzukic continually clashed on Tuesday night during the tie . Mandzukic proved he is a warrior with his performance against Real Madrid , just as Diego Costa was . Costa gives John Terry , who is now his Chelsea team-mate , a stern look during a Champions League tie . Nobody elbowed their way to the top quite like Costa -- from the streets of Brazil , to Spain , to England -- and the same went for Mandzukic in the Champions League quarter-final first leg . The 28-year-old came to blows with defenders Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal -- drawing blood after an elbow to the face from the former , while receiving a punch , and possibly a bite , from the latter . ITV pundit Paul Scholes said Mandzukic ` made a meal of things ' yet the evidence was there for all to see , pouring down his face . Round two awaits at the Bernabeu next week . Yet Mandzukic was as culpable as he was the victim . He committed seven fouls , compared to 11 in total by Real Madrid , and it was more than any player has managed in a Champions League game against the winners of La Decima before . The long-ball tactic by Atletico was not working , nor did Mandzukic have enough pace to beat a defence boasting Raphael Varane . He had zero shots on or off target , completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes , and lacked the pace and darting runs Costa delivers . Yet this was about playing rough , rather than scoring goals , and he played the role of warrior to perfection . So much so that Simeone -- albeit riskily -- substituted his partner , Antoine Griezmann , after 77 minutes instead of the man on thin ice . Mandzukic clashed with Dani Carvajal during the quarter-final first leg and played rough all night . Mandzukic 's heat map , who had zero shots on or off target , and completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes . Mandzukic , despite failing to conjure a chance on Tuesday night , is a natural striker . His CV includes Dinamo Zagreb , Wolfsburg and Bayern Munich , and he was imposing at every club . Fifty-six goals in 132 appearances in Croatia 's Prva HNL . Fifty-three in 110 in Germany 's Bundesliga . All that added to Simeone feeling Mandzukic was next in line at a forward-thinking club that have a history of great strikers which stretches back decades . No sooner had Fernando Torres left in 2007 for Liverpool , for example , than El Nino was replaced . Sergio Aguero turned up , alongside Diego Forlan , and Torres was old news . Aguero was deemed irreplaceable , until those in Madrid were introduced to Radamel Falcao the same year Kun left . Then , when Falcao left for Monaco in 2013 , it was Costa 's turn , and so on . Sergio Aguero signed for Atletico in 2006 and scored 74 goals in 175 appearances in La Liga in five years . Radamel Falcao kept up an impressive 0.76 goals-to-game ratio during his time with Atletico from 2011 . Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink proved a great striker for Atletico as the club produce top forwards continually . No sooner had Fernando Torres left in 2007 for Liverpool than El Nino was replaced at Vicente Caldero . Mandzukic 's tattoo on his lower back was on show , and it read : ` What does n't kill you makes you stronger . ' Trouble for the striker is his ink -- written in Hebrew -- is backwards AND has grammatical mistakes so makes no sense ! The Spanish club do n't fret losing a striker . They regroup , consider it a temporary inconvenience , and buy a replacement . They have been doing so ever since Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink in 1999 , and Christian Vieri the year before , and even further still . It 's the Atletico way . It is not unlike what has happened with goalkeepers at the club . David de Gea left in 2011 and was replaced by Thibaut Courtois , only for the previously-anonymous Jan Oblak to take over this year . Much like their record with strikers , it looks inspired , as the 22-year-old who cost € 16million -LRB- £ 11.5 m -RRB- thwarted Gareth Bale , Cristiano Ronaldo and James Rodriguez almost single-handedly . And so when Simeone lost Costa to Chelsea , he signed Antoine Griezmann and Mandzukic . And if the latter 's showing against Real is anything to go by , then the Atletico manager bought just about the closest thing he could find to replace the Barclays Premier League 's joint-top goalscorer . Mandzukic and Ramos exchange words during a heated battle between the Madrid rivals on Tuesday night . Mandzukic shows off his battle wounds during the match between the two great Madrid rivals .