Condemned Bali Nine pair 's ongoing battle to spare their lives has moved to Indonesia 's constitutional court , a challenge that has been labelled as a delay tactic . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court , which upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday . As Jakarta waits on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date , the two Australian 's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president 's obligations on considering clemency on Thursday - a process that could take several months . Andrew Chan -LRB- left -RRB- and Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- right -RRB- are now appealing to Indonesia 's constitutional court . Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has declared the move by the pair 's lawyers as a delay tactic . They also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals . However , Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics and says he wo n't recognise it . Indonesian lawyer for the death row pair , Inneke Kusuma , told reporters the effort was not aimed at delaying the executions , but clarifying a prisoner 's rights . The president 's obligations when assessing a prisoner 's life were unclear , she argued , such as the weight that should be given to rehabilitation . ` This judicial review wo n't delay the executions but we will tell the government please hold on until this process is done , because if the constitutional court accepts what we lodge , the documents , maybe there will be a new mechanism to consider their clemency , ' she said . The pair 's lawyers also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals . Sukumaran -LRB- left -RRB- and Chan -LRB- right -RRB- are now imprisoned on Central Java 's Nusakambangan island where they face the prospect of death by firing squad . The lawyers ' argument is that President Joko Widodo breached his responsibilities to treat the applications for mercy on their merits , instead rejecting them because he wishes to deny clemency to all death row drug offenders . Mr Prasetyo says the pair have already had their appeals and any constitutional court decision would only apply to future cases anyway - not that of the condemned duo . Meanwhile , his spokesman Tony Spontana said an execution date that avoids the Asia-Africa Conference was still being considered , when Indonesia plays host to various heads of state from April 18 - 24 . Mr Spontana said although it was legal - it would not be ethical to carry out the executions while hosting the international event but they would continue to look for a ` good day ' during this month for the prisoners to face death row . The Sydney men are now imprisoned on Central Java 's Nusakambangan island where they face the prospect of death by firing squad . Two of the other eight prisoners in line for execution with the Australians have applied for Supreme Court judicial reviews , while another is also pursuing an administrative court case .