The six-month-old foal was in a pitiful state . Dumped on the side of a busy road outside Southampton , emaciated and riddled with worms , he was shivering pitifully in the January chill and clinging to life by a thread . His rescuers called him Rupert : a teddy bear name for a teddy bear temperament . Despite what he has endured , Rupert is a loving , affectionate soul who likes nothing more than to have the back of his head rubbed . To see him today , three months on but still unsteady on his feet , it seems heartless beyond belief that anyone could leave such a vulnerable creature to die . Sixteen-year-old Elise , from Eaton Bray , Bedfordshire , is just one of the many people finding that they can no longer keep up with the financial costs of keeping and looking after a horse . But , sadly , stories like Rupert 's are all too common . Across the country , horses , ponies and donkeys -- many of them once much-loved family pets -- are being abandoned in record numbers and left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides in the hope that someone will rescue them . Animal welfare charities , meanwhile , are full to capacity , leaving them increasingly helpless in the wake of the hundreds of calls they receive every month about neglected or abandoned horses . Earlier this month , in desperation , the RSPCA launched an urgent appeal to rehome some of the hundreds of horses in their care . Their three sanctuaries , with capacity for 640 horses , are full , with 500 other horses being kept at huge expense in private boarding stables while they wait for a place . Three thousand more , meanwhile , are estimated to be at risk , although the real number could be much higher . Last year , the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses , many of them former family pets . Little wonder that the word RSPCA workers are using to describe the situation is ` crisis ' . As Anna Hemmings , centre manager at Lockwood , one of their three animal centres , puts it , trying to provide care for the ever-growing numbers of needy equines is a ` constant battle ' . ` The moment we rehome a horse another one steps into its place , ' she says . ` I have been here for four years and every year the problem has got worse . ' Sara Cooper , 33 , a trainee agricultural assistant from Wiltshire , says that since an accident which hurt her back she can no longer ride her horse Pip , and as a result ca n't afford to keep him either . It 's hard to argue with the numbers , which all equine welfare organisations say have risen steadily in the recession , and continue to do so , despite the economy improving . Dene Stansall , a horse consultant for campaign group Animal Aid , says that many people remain unable to afford the minimum £ 3,000 cost per year to keep a horse -- a sum that can soar if there are veterinary bills . Yet those who bought a horse years ago and are now struggling to afford it , find they have no one to sell to . ` There is no demand or buoyancy in the market compared with seven or eight years ago , ' says Dene . ` People might afford a new TV , but they ca n't commit to the long-term care of an animal . ' Sara 's horse Pip -LRB- pictured -RRB- is one of the many family pets who find themselves either being sold on by owners who can no longer afford to keep them , or abandoned by those who fail to find them a new home . Reluctant to sell their horses to abattoirs , many owners mistakenly believe that leaving them to fend for themselves on a patch of land such as a roadside verge -- a common practice known as fly-grazing , which is illegal -- is the better option . In reality , however , most horses can not survive for long without human care . The problem is that more and more owners are taking on horses without preparation . Mother-of-four Teresa Christie , from Eaton Bray , Bedfordshire , is the first to admit she was naive about horse ownership -- and as a result has been left frantically trying to find a home for her 16-year-old daughter Elise 's Irish cob Beau , without success . ` None of us realised the financial commitment of owning a horse , ' says Teresa . ` We did n't have any land so found him a field and stables which cost £ 80 a month . ' Then there is Beau 's food and hay , which can cost up to £ 100 a month , and the regular £ 30 charge to keep his hooves trimmed . ` We 've at least been lucky that he 's been healthy , so the vet bills have been low , but vaccinations are still £ 260 a year , ' she says . ` It began to get more and more of a stretch to care for him . ' Sara 's back pain forced her to give up her beloved horse Pip -LRB- pictured together left -RRB- . ` On average , I was paying £ 160 a month to rent a field and a stable . It was £ 10 for a bag of feed which lasts two or three days ' The situation reached crisis point last summer -- by when Teresa had taken a part-time cleaning job to help fund Beau 's care , while Elise had started work as a trainee hairdresser to help out , too . ` But it still was n't enough money . I thought : `` I ca n't do this any more '' -- I 've got four children and there are other priorities , ' says Teresa . ` It 's been a difficult decision , but the truth is Beau is a luxury we ca n't afford . ' So , earlier this year , the family made the reluctant decision to put him up for sale . Yet months on , there still have been no takers -- though the family is adamant they will not abandon him . Teresa 's experience chimes with that of Sara Cooper , 33 , a trainee agricultural assistant from Wiltshire . The mother-of-two has always loved riding her 20-year-old horse Pip , but last year had to stop after being kicked by a cow , leaving her with back pain . ` Riding now exacerbates the pain and I simply ca n't afford to keep a horse that I ca n't ride , ' she says . ` On average , I was paying £ 160 a month to rent a field and a stable . It was £ 10 for a bag of feed which lasts two or three days . ' Long-time rider Melanie Maddocks , a 54-year-old self-employed carer from Barnstable , Devon , says rocketing costs drove her to give away her beautiful 14-year-old cob , Connie . And so , like Teresa , she had to make the painful decision to get rid of Pip , selling him to a family in Buckinghamshire . The price of hay has risen far beyond inflation , with some farmers putting up a bale by £ 5 . It is a cost hitting busy animal sanctuaries harder than ever . Fiona Oakes , who runs Tower Hill Stables Animal Sanctuary in Tillingham , Essex , is overseeing 50 abandoned or neglected horses . ` We have had them left tied up outside the Sanctuary gates , ' says Fiona , 48 . ` We 've found horses in such a pitiful state that it makes you want to weep . ' Like the beautiful Palomino pony , found in a coal shed , skeletally thin , cast aside when she was too old to be ridden . ` She would have been every little girl 's fantasy in her prime , but once she had outlived her usefulness she ended up in this appalling state , ' says Fiona . ` It was heartbreaking . ' Melanie found it so difficult to find a buyer for horse Connie , at one point she considered having her put to sleep . ` The thought broke my heart , but I did n't know what to do , ' she says . Long-time rider Melanie Maddocks , a 54-year-old self-employed carer from Barnstable , Devon , says rocketing costs drove her to give away her beautiful 14-year-old cob , Connie , who she could n't afford alongside her other horse , Flossie . At one point last year , she became so overwhelmed that she contemplated having Connie put to sleep . ` The thought broke my heart , but I did n't know what to do , ' she says . In the end , after many frantic phone calls , Melanie found a local stud farm , who took Connie to breed from . ` I was lucky , although it was devastating . But a lot of people abandon their horses as they do n't know what else to do and think it 's the kinder option . ' Well-meaning or not , fly-grazing is now heartbreakingly common and many owners do not comply with laws requiring them to microchip their horses , making tracing them impossible . So it is left to animal sanctuaries to take in the poor creatures -- if they are discovered in time to save them .