Victoria 's Secret caused huge a backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan ` The Perfect Body ' splashed across an image of skinny models . More than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition started by three students asking for an apology , and for the initiative to be scrapped . And a few days later , the US lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement - but that has n't stopped similar brands poking fun at the ridiculous message of the original slogan . Scroll down for video . The final ten contenders for Star In ABra feature in the powerful new image recreating the notorious VS advert . A new campaign from Curvy Kate - a lingerie brand for women with bigger boobs - recreates that notorious image using models of all shapes and sizes . The D + label says its image is 'em powering ' , especially with the widespread call for real models alongside campaigns like #droptheplus - sparked by a model who was labelled ` plus ' because she was bigger than sample size - an Australian size 4 . It coincides with the shortlist of their annual global Star in A Bra contest , where a ` real woman ' wins the job of being its lingerie model . Hopefuls enter online and the winner becomes the face and body of Curvy Kate , and gets a year-long modelling contract with Bridge Models Limited , a trip to the Mediterranean and £ 1,000 spending money . Victoria 's Secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled its campaign last year . The final ten contenders feature in the powerful new image . Brunette Emma Webley , who is pictured centre-left in the group shot , says : ` Making the top 10 -LRB- and hopefully winning -RRB- is a brilliant opportunity for me to spread my belief that everyone should be confident about their body , no matter what shape or size they are . ` To feel body confident you just need to be happy with who you are and surround yourself with positive people . Confidence , a warm personality and a smile is the most beautiful thing a girl can have . ' The next stage in the competition is to get support with public votes , which can be done through the Star in a Bra website . Curvy Kate has said : ` With the public outcry for the use of more realistic images in the media , Star in a Bra champions the use of relatable role models and promotes a positive approach to body image . ` We want to show you exactly how our lingerie will look and fit on a variety of body shapes , cementing that there is n't one type of perfect body . '