A worrying new trend dubbed the ' #kyliejennerchallenge ' is sweeping social media , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses . The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up - all in the hopes of emulating Kylie Jenner 's bee-stung pout . Countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram , which in many cases has led to severe bruising around the mouth . Scroll down for videos . A worrying new trend dubbed the ' #kyliejennerchallenge ' is sweeping social media , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable . ` I screwed up , ' wrote one teenage girl along with her #kyliejennerchallenge selfie , while another complained she looked ` gross ' . ` Made my chin look like a hickey a week ago and I 'll say I 've never felt so dumb , ' one disgruntled teen admitted . ` I did the #kyliejennerchallenge and my lips turned purple , ' claimed yet another . The new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner 's bee-stung pout -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or shot glass and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up . Countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram . Surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable . The method - one this journalist wo n't be road-testing - works by way of the airlock created in the opening of the glass or jar , which increases blood flow to the lips and causes them to swell . Problematically , the results are said to last for hours , even days , with several people complaining that they were stuck with the after-effects for a lot longer than expected . Plenty of Twitter users have been quick to ridicule the craze . ` Stop with that Kylie Jenner challenge it 's so gross , ' one wrote . ` I hate our generation . It 's so dumb . Like you guys are really sticking your lips in small cups , ' another ranted . ` Do people not realise they 're bursting blood vessels ? ' another pointed out . The method works by way of the airlock created in the opening of the glass or jar , which increases blood flow to the lips and causes them to swell . Problematically , the results are said to last for hours , even days , with several people complaining that they were stuck with the after-effects for much longer than expected . Last month , two Icelandic sisters attempted the trick by sucking into a hairspray lid , and warned others against it after the stunt went disastrously wrong . Yrja Ás Baldvinsdottir , 18 , and her sister , Birgitta Ás , from cReykjavik , were left with swollen and blue bruised lips . Writing on Facebook , Yrja As said : ` I wanted to warn people against do-it-yourself lip expansion , but was really surprised and shocked that it ended up being something that loads of people were copying . ` I just wanted to try it and see what they would look like , I 've never done it before , and I wo n't be doing it again . It was very , very painful . My lips turned blue . ' One boy expertly demonstrates just how extreme the effects can be if you try hard enough . Sore-looking red marks are visible around the lip line of this dejected experimenter . As for Kylie herself , the 17-year-old Kardashian clan member has recently denied artificially enhancing her lips , despite much speculation to the contrary . ` I have n't had plastic surgery , ' she told Grazia Daily . ` I 've never been under the knife . People flashback to pictures of me when I was 12 and say `` Kylie 's so different '' but how can I look the same from 12 -18 ? ' Plenty of Twitter users have been quick to ridicule the craze , labelling it ` dumb ' and ` gross ' ` I screwed up , ' wrote one teenage girl along with her #kyliejennerchallenge selfie , while another complained she looked ` gross ' We can only hope this particular trend dies out as fast as it gained steam .