When a young mum posted images of her post-pregnancy body on Instagram to inspire others , she might have anticipated a raft of supportive comments for her bravery . Hannah Moore , 20 , from Broxburn in West Lothian , did n't get that far though ; her images of the stretchmarks on her tummy were vetoed by the world 's biggest photo-sharing website within minutes of her posting them . The mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence ' which breach the site 's decency guidelines . Scroll down for video . Confidence shattered : Hannah Moore , who had shots of her stretchmarked stomach removed ` within two minutes ' of posting them on photo-sharing site Instagram , said the rebuttal had taken her confidence away . Body pride : Hannah Moore , 20 , of Broxburn in West Lothian , shared photos of her post-childbirth body . She gave birth to twin girls Lily and Grace -LRB- pictured above with fiance David Johnstone , 22 -RRB- in June last year . Hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace with fiance David Johnstone , 22 , in June last year . Moore said : ` Nobody could get on my Instagram and nobody could search for it so someone had obviously reported the picture for nudity - all it was was a picture of my belly and it has just took my confidence away . ' It 's yet another example of Instagram coming under fire for refusing to publish certain images , particularly photos that are dedicated to showing the female form in its most honest state . Shots of menstrual blood , stretchmarks following childbirth , pubic hair and naked breasts have all felt the wrath of the site 's censors . Critics have also highlighted that plenty of images that many might find offensive such as users bragging about extreme wealth while poking fun at the poor or pro-guns graffiti often get the green light for publication . Just last week , Instagram , which boasts 300 million monthly users , announced that it has toughened up its rules on the types of pictures users can post in a bid to cut down on pornography and harassment . Samm Newman received an apology from Instagram for removing these images of her in her underwear . The 19-year-old had posted the shot to celebrate her curves ... but later found they had been removed . Megan Tonje saw a picture of her bottom - covered by sizeable black pants - banned for contravening Instagram 's rules , even though she posted it in a spirit of body confidence with the hashtags #honormycurves and #effyourbeautystandards . The overhaul of Instagram 's community guidelines is the biggest since Facebook bought the app three years ago for $ 1 billion . Although it has banned ` close-ups of fully nude buttocks ' , it remains perfectly fine to post a shot of a woman 's rear if she is wearing underwear . A spokesman for the site said : ` We know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons , we do n't allow nudity on Instagram . One rule for one : Images such as the shot above , taken from the picture stream of American social media star Dan Bilzerian , appear liberally on the site . Star support : Willow Smith joined the campaign to use images of bare breasts by tweeting this picture on her @officialWillow Twitter page last year . The #freethenipple campaign saw a host of web users staging their protests against what they perceived as sexism by Instagram . ` This includes photos , videos , and some digitally-created content that show sexual intercourse , genitals , and close-ups of fully-nude buttocks . ` It also includes some photos of female nipples , but photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed . ` Nudity in photos of paintings and sculptures is OK , too . ' However , the boundaries laid out above seem to contradict the image posted by many . When singer-songwriter Meghan Tonje published an image of her bottom in underwear in May 2014 , she was dismayed to find it promptly removed for being deemed as ` mature ' content . Tonje says you do n't need to wander very far on Instagram to find images of photos of other women in a similar pose , which have all been published by the site , leading to accusations that she was discriminated against because she was bigger than some of the bikini models who feature . Elsewhere , earlier this year , an Australian media agency Sticks and Stones claimed the site had removed one of its images which showed two women wearing bikinis and showing some pubic hair . Sticks and Stones said the photo-sharing site had ` censored ' their image and argued that it was a sexist move and it would not have happened had the shot been a picture of two men . Ainsley Hutchence , the agency 's director , said at the time : ` Unfortunately Instagram has ruled out natural hair that appears on all bodies of women that do n't trim their bikini lines . ` This hair occasionally does spill out of the sides of swimwear as it does on men in their underwear . But Instagram seem to be ok with man pubes . ' He added : ` Clearly this is absolutely sexist . Instagram believes that women should wax or get off their platform . ' This shot , published by Australian media agency Sticks and Stones , was banned by Instagram for showing public hair . The agency said it though the image would have been published if it had shown two men . When photographer Rupi Kaur published a photo of a woman lying fully clothed on a bed with menstrual blood between her legs , the site removed it twice , saying that Kaur was n't following ` community guidelines ' . Instagram eventually apologised . Other high profile bans include a protest by Scout Willis -LRB- daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore -RRB- who saw a photo of a jumper with two bare-breasted women on it removed from the site . Willis said at the time : ` Women are regularly kicked off Instagram for posting photos with any portion of the areola exposed . ` While photos sans nipple -- degrading as they might be -- remain unchallenged . ' Such ` unchallenged ' images might include the profile of US poker player Dan Bilzerian , who regularly posts near pornographic images of women alongside misogynistic language . His posts include a woman dressed in provocative school uniform-type dress but with her shirt tied beneath her breasts and only pink tape covering her nipples . In other shots , scantily clad women cavort together or thrust their cleavage into the camera . After pressure from critics , the world 's most popular photo-sharing website has been forced to clarify how it treats certain images . Last week , Instagram said it was making clearer what exactly is allowed . ` We know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons , we do n't allow nudity on Instagram . Fans were not happy when Michael Buble shared this Instagram photo from his Miami holiday accompanying it with hashtags that included the words ' #myhumps #babygotback #hungryshorts ' Despite stipulating that close-ups of ` fully nude buttocks ' are banned on the service , Kendall Jenner posted a side-on view of her posterior without complaints . ` This includes photos , videos , and some digitally-created content that show sexual intercourse , genitals , and close-ups of fully-nude buttocks . ` It also includes some photos of female nipples , but photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed . ` Nudity in photos of paintings and sculptures is OK , too . ' Its censoring filter may have received attention but as our images show , there are plenty of photos that might cause offense that have made it through : . When global music star Michael Bublé posed in front of a female in Miami last week to deliberately highlight her bottom , the image was promptly published to his million-strong following on Instagram . The photo , which the singer tagged with the words ' #myhumps #babygotback #hungryshorts #onlyinmiami ' , shows a close shot of Bublé in the foreground while the rear of a female shopper was clearly in view . In spite of a public apology and wide criticism , the image remains on Bublé 's site . Such ` unchallenged ' images might include the photostream of US poker player Dan Bilzerian , who regularly posts images of scantily clad women . Many Instagram users will be baffled as to why an image depicting a woman who is practically topless , as her shirt is tied beneath her bust , has been allowed to stay on the site . Bar two bits of tape on her nipples , the woman 's breasts are entirely bare , yet it falls within the rules , essentially on a technicality thanks to the strategically placed tape . Kendall Jenner , meanwhile , posted a provocative that depicts the side of her entirely naked bottom , with a car balanced on the top of one cheek , yet despite the stipulation regarding ` close ups of fully-nude buttocks ' , the shot has been deemed acceptable . Hypocritical ? Instagram says it does n't allow nudity on the site , yet enables shots such as the above to appear on the page of US poker player Dan Bilzerian . Only words , say Instagram ... this image promoting the use of guns was published by user andygotphotos . Beyond the pale ? A young user came under fire for describing her father as her ` man crush Monday ' every day . This inappropriate post was then compounded by her hashtags that reveal she 's at her great grandmother 's funeral . Despite ongoing bloodshed in Syria , positive messages and pictures of the country 's president , Bashar al-Assad , are regularly uploaded to the site , with no objections from Instagram .