This incredible video shows the moment a world freediving champion jumped into the world 's second deepest underwater sink hole . The dramatic footage shows Guillame Néry standing at the edge before jumping in - all without scuba gear and simply holding his breath . And in the video he seemingly reaches the bottom of the 660ft -LRB- 200 metes -RRB- hole before swimming back to the surface . French free diver jumped into Dean 's Blue Hole in the Bahamas . Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge -LRB- shown -RRB- . The hole is 660ft -LRB- 200 metres -RRB- deep , although he does n't go to the bottom . Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes . The video was filmed in 2010 by the Frenchman 's girlfriend and fellow freediver Julie Gautier . It takes place at Dean 's Blue Hole in the Bahamas , the deepest so-called ` blue hole ' in the world with an underwater entrance . In order to stay alive , the brain is constantly telling the body to breathe . If you do n't obey its primitive urges , carbon dioxide soon starts building up in the body , prompting an overwhelming desire to take a gulp of air . To fight that instinct , a competitive breath-holder has to work hard at expanding his lung capacity with a regular series of intensive breathing exercises . They practise ` static apnoea ' once or twice a week , as well as ` dynamic apnoea ' - holding breath while swimming - once in a while for fun , and also general fitness training . He also follows a diet high in fruit and vegetables , as well as broccoli , cauliflower and fish oil . However , Néry revealed a few years ago that he did n't really reach the bottom of the hole - it 's just filmed that way for artistic reasons . But the video is still incredibly impressive , as he holds his breath for minutes on end . Freediving is a form of underwater diving where no scuba gear or breathing apparatus is used . To breathe for minutes , free divers go through sophisticated mind-body control techniques to push self-induced apnoea - the science of not breathing - to the limits . Some free divers can hold their breath for more than 20 minutes . Stig Severinsen , for example - nicknamed The Man Who Does n't Breathe - is the holder of multiple records in diving using his ` State of Zen ' technique to control his breathing . In October 2012 , Mr Severinsen broke the record for the longest time breath held voluntarily by a male by spending 22 minutes with his head submerged in a pool in London . The dive took place in 2010 at Dean 's Blue Hole in the Bahamas -LRB- marked -RRB- , the deepest so-called ` blue hole ' in the world with an underwater entrance . The video was filmed back in 2010 by the French free diver 's girlfriend and fellow freediver Julie Gautier.It takes place at Dean 's Blue Hole in the Bahamas -LRB- shown -RRB- , the deepest so-called ` blue hole ' in the world with an underwater entrance .