Diesel model Winnie Harlow , who suffers from vitiligo , the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with , has been pictured enjoying a cozy night on the town with albino fashion star Shaun Ross . The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood , California , on Tuesday night , and were snapped holding hands while making their way into the venue . Winnie , 19 , who was unveiled as one of the newest faces of fashion label Diesel earlier this year , was wearing a short and simple black and gold mini dress , which she accessorized with a pair of gold strappy heels . Scroll down for video . Looking cozy : Winnie Harlow , 19 , who suffers from the same rare skin condition as Michael Jackson , was pictured hand-in-hand with albino model Shaun Ross on Tuesday night . Out on the town : The duo were attending the launch for Popular magazine at Hollywood venue Siren Studios . Skingraft black and gold dress . Get it from Pasar here . Visit site . This look is all types of yes . Winnie Harlow looks incredible in her leather tunic dress which features striking gold trims on the sleeves and hemline . The loose fit creates a flattering silhouette too . Winnie 's dress is from LA-based fashion house Skingraft , and you can still buy it by clicking right to Paser 's website now . It 'll be your go-to party piece ! It is however , slightly pricey coming in at $ 750 , so if you want to add a golden standard to your style for less , why not check out these various finds below ? We are particularly dazzled by this Mynt 1792 number at Nordstrom . A pair of strappy metallic heels will finish off your look to perfection ! Choice 's black and gold stamping dress . Visit site . Mynt 1792 color block dress at Nordstrom . Visit site . Maykool black and gold dress . Visit site . Dailylook fit and flare dress . Visit site . Meanwhile Shaun , 23 , opted for a more low-key look , wearing an all-black ensemble , which he topped off with a unique tall baseball hat and a pair of leather sneaker-style boots . And while it appears to be the first time that the duo have been spotted enjoying an evening out together , it is likely not the first occasion that they have met . Both stars have made regular appearances on the catwalks at various Fashion Weeks , while Shaun has also starred in campaigns for the likes of Alexander McQueen and Givenchy . Coincidentally , the models also each had a helping hand from fellow fashion star Tyra Banks . Fashion stars : While Evan opted for an all-black ensemble , topped off with a bizarre baseball cap , Winnie wore a black and gold mini dress and strappy sandals . Rising stars : Both Shaun and Winnie have each achieved global recognition in the fashion indsutry , appearing in numerous high-profile fashion campaigns . Strut your stuff : Both Winnie -LRB- L -RRB- , pictured at the Desigual fall/winter 2015 show , and Shaun -LRB- R -RRB- , pictured on the catwalk in February , boast impressive runway credentials . Winnie , whose real name is Chantelle Brown-Young , was one of the contestants on Tyra 's hit reality series America 's Next Top Model , while Shaun made an appearance on the former model 's eponymous talk show in 2009 . Despite their cozy appearance , it 's not thought that the two are dating - however Shaun did take the time to post a heartwarming message to the model on his Instagram account , just hours after the pair attended the Popular magazine event . Alongside an image of the two of them , Shaun wrote : ` So much fun last night @winnieharlow keep up the good work . From an original believer in you . ' And it seems his sweet sentiments were reciprocated by Winnie , who posted a similar image on her own account , saying : ` Sweet nothings with my fly friend @shaundross '