A Perth couple who have been trying for over seven years to have a child may finally get that chance thanks to a crowdsourced egg donor . Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt . After sharing their story with a Perth radio station the couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family . Thanks to Shannon Mann , 22 , who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years , that dream could soon be a reality . Scroll down for video . Perth couple Sharon -LRB- left -RRB- and Nick Chalwell -LRB- right -RRB- turned to crowdsourcing to find an egg donor . During their search they were put in touch with Shannon Mann -LRB- pictured -RRB- who has a two-year-old son , Lucas . Mrs Chalwell , 38 , told Daily Mail Australia she and Nick have been trying to conceive since they were married , but found it to be a much rougher road than they imagined . ` There were no ifs or buts about it : we wanted kids , that was just a natural progression but that did n't quite happen , ' Mrs Chalwell said . ` I 've got a couple of challenges , I 've got low ovarian reserves so I have n't had a cycle for 16 months ... I 've also got an aggressive immune system in my uterus , ' she added . ` Its an understatement to say it 's been an adjustment , ' Mr Chalwell told Daily Mail Australia . ` You sort of get married and think right we 'll start a family and it 's just a matter of doing what you 're doing and nine months later a kid comes out . ' he said . After first attempting artificial insemination , then turning to IVF in 2009 and attempting to conceive via an egg donor last year , the couple felt as though they were coming to the end of the road . Mrs Chalwell , 38 , told Daily Mail Australia she and Nick have been trying to conceive since they were married . ` Its an understatement to say it 's been an adjustment , ' Mr Chalwell told Daily Mail Australia . A call-out on their local radio station put the Chalwells in touch with Shannon Mann , who they asked to be their donor . But a call-out on their local radio station put them in touch with Shannon Mann , who already has a two-year-old son . Ms Mann , 22 , told Daily Mail Australia egg donation was something she 'd always wanted to do , and after the birth of her son she wanted to give someone else the opportunity to experience the same ` sacred ' bond . ` I conceived my son while on Implanon -LRB- a contraceptive implant -RRB- , from there my partner and I decided we were n't in a position to bring a child into the world , ' she said . Ms Mann revealed that she and her partner at the time made the difficult decision to terminate the pregnancy , but that did n't go to plan either . ` We had the needle to terminate and everything that was supposed to happen happened , ' she said . But three months later the then 20-year-old was told the termination had n't worked , and she was still pregnant . ` At that stage a three-month baby is everything , there 's fingers and toes . I thought I 'm going to do this , I 'm going to have the baby , I 'm going to prove everyone wrong , ' Ms Mann said . Ms Mann said she wants to enable others to experience the miracle of having a child . She conceived her son while on contraception but said she would n't change it for the world . ` And now I have a very happy and healthy two year old . ' Her experience with son Lucas made the 22-year-old ever more determined to share the gift of life with someone else and she had already begun the process of donating when she heard the Chalwell 's story . Before they can go ahead the trio need to undergo a number of counselling sessions with Iolanda Rodino , their Clinical Psychologist and a counsellor for Egg Donor cases -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` I 'm thrilled I have the opportunity to give back , ' Ms Mann said . ` Its sacred to carry a child . ' Mr and Mrs Chalwell are equally as excited to have their egg donor 's assistance , and hope this may finally help them realise their dream of having a family . ` It 's such a compassionate and beautiful things for people to even consider , ' Mrs Chalwell said . Before they can go ahead the trio need to undergo a number of counselling sessions , one which Chalwells will attend on their own , while Ms Mann too has her own individual session . From there they will all have a group session , before a three-month ` cooling off period ' according to Iolanda Rodino , their Clinical Psychologist and a counsellor for Egg Donor cases . ` Basically the primary goal is to prepare , check for ethical dilemmas , make sure that there 's no coercion taking place , ' Ms Rodino told Daily Mail Australia . ` And pretty much just ensure there 's informed consent about the psycho-social and legal implications , not just early on but later in life for the child . ' ` The overall pictures is not to talk people in or out of being a donor but talk about informed consent , ' she added . As Ms Mann is classified as a ` known donor ' , there also has to be in depth discussion about the role she would potentially play in the child 's life . The Chalwells said they wanted to share their story in order to raise awareness about egg donation . Ms Mann described the relationship between a parent and child as a ` sacred ' bond . ` I just really believe that you do n't know what true love is until you hold your baby for the first time , ' she said . While this could finally mean the Chalwells can start their family , Mrs Chalwell said the situation is bigger than her and Ms Mann . There is a lack of egg donors in Australia , and she hopes by sharing her story it will help raise awareness and encourage people to consider donating . Waiting lists are long and women can sit on them for years to no avail . ` There 's just not enough awareness about egg donors in Australia , ' she said . ` You can go out and there 's a lot of awareness about blood donation , but not egg donation . ' Mrs Chalwell said she and her husband were prepared to go overseas for a donor before they were put in touch with one in Australia . The trio have to undergo counselling and a three month ` cooling off ' period before they can go ahead . When asked what it would mean to them should everything go ahead , Mr and Mrs Chalwell both agreed the situation would be surreal . ` It 's going to be so surreal that it 's actually happened because we 've been on this journey for such a long time , ' Mrs Chalwell said . ` You 've got a goal that seems unattainable and when it finally comes off I can image it would feel very surreal , ' her husband agreed . Ms Mann said after sharing her story on Sunrise earlier this week she has been contacted by dozens of women commending her on a ` brave ' decision to donate her eggs . But she does n't see it as courageous . ` I just really believe that you do n't know what true love is until you hold your baby for the first time , ' she said . ` My question is n't why would I , but why would n't I ' .