Taylor Swift and rumored boyfriend Calvin Harris spotted together after watching the band HAIM perform at Troubadour Club in West Hollywood . Were a record company to write a job description for the next big thing in popular music , certain attributes would surely be high on the list . Foremost among them , one suspects , would be a decent singing voice , the ability to dance and that elusive brand of charisma which draws crowds of infatuated fans . None of which Calvin Harris possesses . Not that he will be the slightest bit concerned about it . Because he has plenty of reasons for self-confidence . Seventy million of them , in fact . That is the fortune the 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed since bursting onto the scene eight years ago . No mean feat for an introspective and , by his own admission , curmudgeonly son of a biochemist from the Scottish Borders who less than a decade ago was stacking supermarket shelves to make ends meet . To put it into perspective , his £ 70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names such as Kylie Minogue and Sir Cliff Richard . Yet walk into your local pub and it 's a fair bet many people , unless they follow the charts , will never have heard of him . So how has a pasty-faced , gangly geek -LRB- he 's 6ft 5in -RRB- , who decided early in his career to eschew personal publicity altogether , turned into the biggest pop star in Britain ? The numbers do n't lie . His earning power is nothing short of breathtaking . Last year alone he earned £ 45 million . For one night 's work DJ-ing at a party in Puerto Rico , he was reportedly paid $ 1million . The year before he grossed £ 30 million , making him comfortably the best paid DJ on the planet , and in the same year his credibility was bolstered by an Ivor Novello award for songwriter of the year . All of this has led to him being named the 21st most powerful celebrity on Forbes magazine 's Celebrity 100 , beating the likes of Gordon Ramsay , Simon Cowell and even J.K. Rowling . But the very word ` celebrity ' flies in the face of everything Calvin Harris stands for . Fans of The X Factor might remember the occasion , in 2009 , when the Scot invaded the show 's stage during a performance by the lovably hopeless Irish twins , Jedward . Holding a pineapple on his head , he bent over and pointed at his buttocks -- a bizarre performance which he later explained was a protest against the ` frightening stranglehold that Simon Cowell has got over the entire music chart in the UK at the moment ' . Protesting about The X Factor 's obsession with fame , he declared : ` I 'm not a celebrity . I make music . ' This underdog mentality undoubtedly stems from his background . He was born Adam Wiles in 1984 in Dumfries . His father , David , now 72 , was the lead biochemist at the local hospital and his mother , Pamela , 65 , had been an occupational therapist but became a full-time housewife after Adam was born . DJ Calvin Harris performs onstage in East Rutherford , New Jersey . In 2008 he stormed the stage at an X Factor stage performance to protest what he called the programme 's obsession with fame . Two older siblings went on to become , respectively , an IT expert and a marketing executive . Adam , however , was cut from a different cloth . As a teenager , he underwent a dance music epiphany while listening to the radio in his bedroom . But instead of heading out to pursue the rock 'n' roll cliche in pubs and clubs , the cerebral young man shut himself in his bedroom , where he built his own studio and spent the next eight years honing the production skills which would make his fortune . Soon his music making had become an obsession . He has said that he so rarely left his room that he experienced a personality change , becoming an anti-social electronic music geek , chained to a keyboard . Calvin Harris at the 2013 Ivor Novello awards held at the Grosvenor House Hotel , London . There were stints in bands , but he made an awkward frontman , perpetually hiding behind an oversized pair of sunglasses and resolutely refusing to dance . Nobody was surprised when he gave that up . There were some encouraging signs . An independent record label released a couple of his tunes on vinyl . But he earned more money from the job he took in a fish factory , as well as shelf stacking at Marks & Spencer and Safeway . In 2003 , he took a leap of faith and moved to London in an attempt to ` make it ' . He did n't , and was soon returning north with his tail between his legs . It was back in his bedroom studio that he recorded his first album , I Created Disco , by which time he had rechristened himself Calvin Harris . His salvation , as with so many recent stars , came in the form of social media . Calvin rapidly built a following for his music on MySpace , which brought him to the attention of EMI publishing and later the Sony BMG label . In the blink of an eye he was writing two of the tracks on Kylie Minogue 's comeback album , X . That same year , 2007 , he released his debut album , which went gold with more than 100,000 sales . Almost by accident , Calvin had found the solution to his problems : get somebody else , better looking , more famous and with a better voice , to sing his songs instead . So after I Created Disco , he packed up singing and retreated , gratefully , into the background . Since that first collaboration he has worked with anyone and everyone in the business , from popstars Rihanna -LRB- their 2011 smash hit We Found Love won him a Grammy -RRB- and Katy Perry to the British superstar Ellie Goulding . Even Cheryl Cole owes her biggest hit to Calvin . Along the way , he has released three more albums , all of which have been global smashes . Two years ago , he surpassed Michael Jackson to become the first artist to score nine top-ten hits from a single album . After his I Created Disco album -LRB- pictured -RRB- , he packed up singing and retreated , gratefully , into the background . With such dizzying success it is impossible to keep a low profile for ever , and even Calvin has been affected by the fame juggernaut . It began with a sequence of beautiful girlfriends . Despite his ungainly appearance , he found himself squiring the Russian-American swimwear model Anne Vyalitsyna . Soon he was developing a reputation for becoming involved with his collaborators . Ellie Goulding was an on-off dalliance for years , and he had a year-long relationship with singer Rita Ora , which ended with a Twitter argument . And while success had built Calvin 's confidence , it did nothing to dampen his contrary nature . Twitter spats -LRB- he has 5.79 million followers -RRB- have become his stock in trade . He has railed at unkind reviewers , ` rich kids ' ruining the record industry , his tracks being sold for what he regards as derisory prices , and singers whom , he feels , do not treat his creations with sufficient respect . Calvin Harris had made a career working with some of the hottest stars in pop music , including Ellie Goulding -LRB- left -RRB- and Rihanna -LRB- right -RRB- . All of which paints a less than complimentary picture of a petulant star whose life has changed beyond recognition . Earlier this year , he jettisoned another stunning model , the American Aarika Wolf , in favour of the biggest prize of his dating career , American pop princess Taylor Swift . Miss Swift , a 25-year-old global star who had the top-selling album of 2014 in the U.S. , fits the 2015 vintage Calvin to perfection -- for since 2013 he 's gone about reinventing himself from the ground up . No longer a the anorak-loving teenager from Dumfries , Harris owns an £ 11 million mansion in Beverly Hills . That was the year he signed a deal to DJ at the American superclub Hakkasan , taking up a residency in Las Vegas and buying an £ 11 million mansion in Beverly Hills . In less than a decade he has gone from a nondescript detached house on the Georgetown housing estate just outside Dumfries , to a mansion with ten bedrooms , 11 bathrooms , two swimming pools and a guesthouse so palatial it comes with its own private garage . Such is his earning power , however , this is a drop in the ocean . Last year , he became the first artist to have his music streamed over a billion times on the internet and , at the rate he is going , the DJ will have £ 250 million in the bank before he hits 40 . The Hakkasan gig alone earns him £ 200,000 a night , while he has been paid many millions more by brands who use his music in advertising campaigns . He has physically changed beyond recognition as well . His once pasty skin is tanned , while endless gym sessions have honed those spindly limbs to lean , muscled perfection . The chest is waxed , the hair and designer stubble coiffed daily by a personal groomer , the teeth whitened and straightened and his wardrobe overhauled by a stylist . The end result of all this has been a contract as the face and body of Emporio Armani . No longer the self-conscious wallflower , he now poses in nothing but a pair of briefs without missing a beat . He became the biggest thing in music by stealth , but the days of Calvin Harris flying under the radar are a thing of the past .