Hillary Clinton 's most trusted -- and most controversial -- campaign aide turned up on Wednesday near Des Moines , Iowa , where the former secretary of state sat for her second staged ` roundtable ' discussion in as many days . Abedin had last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton popped in , both wearing sunglasses , for lunch . On Tuesday she was photographed leaving a Norwalk , Iowa fruit processing company and walking toward ` Scooby , ' the now-famous customized black van that Secret Service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since Sunday . HUMA , SANS BURRITO : Abedin left Capital City Fruit in Norwalk , Iowa on Wednesday ahead of Hillary Clinton , and headed toward the campaign van that aides have nicknamed ` Scooby ' STYLISH : Human sported a Louis Vuitton bag and walked alongside an unidentified campaign staffer . ALL DONE ! Clinton had just finished a limited-access ` roundtable ' discussion on small business issues . Abedin has known Clinton since 1996 , when she scored a White House internship working for the then-first lady . In 2008 Clinton tapped her to be her ` body woman ' when she ran for president the first time . She shadowed Hillary everywhere and anticipated her every need -- from food orders and dry cleaning to lint rollers and cosmetic touch-ups . When Clinton became secretary of state a year later , Abedin became her deputy chief of staff . It was there that she became linked to most recent in a series of scandals that Clinton will carry as heavy baggage whiel she runs for the White House . Daily Mail Online confirmed in March that Abedin had a personal email address on Clinton 's home-brew server , the same piece of hardware that stored Clinton 's communications from her tenure at State until she deleted more than 32,000 of the records . Abedin -LRB- left -RRB- , shown with then-Secretary of State Clinton during a 2010 diplomatic meeting in Vietnam , was her deputy chief of staff . Spotted : Hillary and Huma order at Chipotle in Maumee , Ohio , at lunchtime on Tuesday -- the first time they had been seen all day . But nobody in the restaurant recognized them during their 45-minute meal . Abedin keeps a low profile , a choice that a Democratic Party insider said is the product of two problems . ` First , you never want to be more famous than your boss , ' the source explained on Wednesday . ` And then there 's the Weiner problem . ' Abedin is married to disgraced former New York Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner , whose spectacular fall from grace came after he was exposed for sending lurid Twitter messages to women -- including one of his barely covered genitalia . She stood by him through the embarrassment and through his resignation from Congress . Weiner ran for Mayor of New York City last year , only to see his stock tumble with a second round of sexting allegations , this time confirmed by the woman he was exchanging racy messages with . ` Scooby ' is a customized and armored Chevy van that Clinton and her top staffers occupied during a 1,000-mile trip from New York to Iowa this week . EMAIL-GATE : Abedin had an email address on the former secretary of state 's private server , judging from records maintained by Lexis-Nexis . Abedin and Weiner have a 2-year-old child together . After she returned from maternity leave in June 2012 , the State Department made a special accommodation for her that is now the subject of an inspector general accommodation . Abedin was permitted to shift her employment classification from 'em ployee ' to ` Special Government Employee , ' a perk that allowed her to have a second income while drawing a government salary . That moonlight gig was at Teneo Holdings , a corporate consulting firm founded by Doug Band , a longtime Bill Clinton confidant . The State Department paid Abedin $ 135,000 per year to work part-time from her New York City home . Teneo paid her an additional $ 355,000 via an annual contract . The whopping combined income helped her household stay financially afloat in the wake of Weiner 's resignation , and his loss of a congressional salary .