A stunning convertible Ferrari which is almost identical to one that was famously destroyed in cult 1980s film Ferris Bueller 's Day Off is expected to sell for £ 10million at auction . The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made . But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick . The car , in classic Ferrari red , was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller 's best friend Cameron in the movie . That was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below . A stunning Ferrari - which is almost identical to the model driven in cult eighties classic film Ferris Bueller 's Day Off is up for auction . The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider -LRB- pictured -RRB- is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made . But its most famous moment came it was used as the car for the 1986 teen comedy Ferris Bueller , starring Matthew Broderick . In the movie , Ferris took best friend Cameron 's dad 's red model out without permission but the car eventually trashed . You killed the car : In one of the film world 's best-known scenes , the beloved Ferrari crashes into the ravine below after Cameron accidentally knocks it off the jack . This car , however , is in significantly better condition and has recently undergone a full restoration by Ferrari in Maranello . One of just 16 in existence , it has a 3-litre V12 engine which develops around 280bhp . It will do 0-60mph in less than 7 seconds and hit a top speed of more than 150mph . It will be sold next month at RM Sotheby 's auction in Villa Erba , Italy , and has a guide price of around £ 8 million . The Ferrari , featuring the distinctive logo on the steering wheel , will be sold next month at RM Sotheby 's auction in Villa Erba , Italy , and has a guide price of around £ 8 million . This car , which has undergone a full restoration by Ferrari in Maranello in northern Italy , is expected to go for much more than its guide price . The convertible , which features luxury tan leather seats , is one of just 16 in existence and features a 3-litre V12 engine which develops around 280bhp . It will do 0-60mph in less than 7 seconds and hit a top speed of more than 150mph and in the auction catalogue , RM Sotheby 's called it ` the most celebrated open-air Ferrari ever made ' and ` an automobile with few peers ' But it is expected to sell for significantly more after a model previously owned by the French actor Alain Delon and requiring a full restoration sold for £ 12.5 million earlier this year . Peter Wallman , car specialist at RM Sotheby 's , said : ` Perhaps the most beautiful convertible car ever made , and featuring the powerful Colombo designed 3.0-litre V12 engine , this spacious and versatile two-seat sports car with race car performance is the ultimate road going Ferrari of all time . ' The car 's ability to be driven at high speed on the track as well as comfortably across continents boosted appeal to a number of high profile customers . Hollywood star James Coburn owned one - with Chris Evans buying it in 2008 for a then world record £ 5.6 million . The Delon car sold for more than twice this figure seven years later . This model , known as chassis 2505 GT , was originally bought by an Italian driver before the ownership was passed to a Swiss person . It was later owned by a Brit and is currently back in Italian ownership . The car 's ability to be driven at high speed on the track as well as comfortably across continents boosted appeal to a number of high profile customers . Rather than ` Ferrari red ' the car is a deep navy with chrome , such as on the bumper and wheels , polished to a blinding brilliance . Earlier this year a model previously owned by the French actor Alain Delon and requiring a full restoration sold for £ 12.5 million . Hollywood star James Coburn owned one - with Chris Evans buying it in 2008 for a then world record £ 5.6 million . The Delon car sold for more than twice this figure seven years later . This model , known as chassis 2505 GT , was originally sold to an Italian , before belonging to a Swiss . It was later owned by a Brit and is currently thought to belong to an Italian . In the auction catalogue , RM Sotheby 's called it ` the most celebrated open-air Ferrari ever made ' and ` an automobile with few peers ' . It added : ` Ownership of such an automobile , both now and when new , is something that almost every Ferrari enthusiast aspires to yet something that few can attain . ` It is the epitome of la dolce vita in the automotive world , as it combines timeless style with incredible performance , and it is an automobile equally capable of pleasing its owner on the open road , the race track , or both in a single day . ` This car drives beautifully , looks absolutely spectacular , and is ready to delight its next owner . ' The roomy boot has plenty of space for shopping or a little luggage and also contains the car 's spare tire and a bag of tools . The ` timeless ' luxury car comes with its certificate of authenticity and a leather bag full of a variety of different tools for maintenance . Sotheby 's said the Ferrari epitomised ` la dolce vita in the automotive world ' and said the car ` drives beautifully , looks absolutely spectacular , and is ready to delight its next owner ' Ferrari in Maranello , in southern Italy , has spent hours carrying out a full restoration - both outside and under the hood - to bring it into near-mint condition . Ferris Bueller 's Day Off -LRB- pictured -RRB- famed for crashing the stunning Ferrari , launched the career of Matthew Broderick -LRB- center -RRB- , Alan Ruck -LRB- right -RRB- and Sloane Paterson -LRB- left -RRB- .