Manchester United are to introduce the living wage at Old Trafford in July . At a recent Premier League meeting clubs agreed to adopt the policy , which sees in-house staff paid £ 7.85 an hour -LRB- or £ 9.15 an hour should they be based in London -RRB- , from the 2016-17 season . But United officials have decided to implement the salary a year early . Staff at Old Trafford will be paid at least £ 7.85 an hour after Man United decided to introduce living wage . A spokesman said : ` During last month 's Premier League shareholders ' meeting , the clubs agreed to adopt the Living Wage for all full-time employees by the start of the 2016-17 season . ` Manchester United is fully supportive of this initiative and will be implementing this policy from July 1 2015 , a year earlier than agreed . ' A group of United and City supporters had planned to demonstrate about the issue at Sunday 's Manchester derby . Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage to all their staff while supporter-owned FC United of Manchester were the first club in Britain . All Premier League clubs have agreed to pay the living wage from the start of the 2016-17 season . City are also committed to paying their full-time staff the living wage . ` Since May 2013 Manchester City Football Club has paid the Living Wage to all directly employed staff , ' a spokesperson said . ` The club also has a robust sustainable procurement policy for capital works that includes a requirement that suppliers already pay the living wage or are working towards it , and whether suppliers pay the living wage is part of the selection process for all new contracts . ` City engages employment and procurement practices that are robust and socially aware . These take into account of the need for affordable living , best care in welfare , training and skills development , and local opportunity including apprenticeships and new skills programmes . ` There is a huge amount being undertaken to ensure there is a positive impact of any club investment for local people and the local economy overall , with sustainable outputs and outcomes . '