A passenger plane trying to land at a Texas airport turned back when the pilot discovered that the runway lights had been switched off . American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls , Texas , on Sunday night . The plane left nearly a half-hour late , and when it got to Wichita Falls , the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on , according to officials in the city of 100,000 people . Plane : American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls , Texas , on Sunday night -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Wichita Falls officials first said that the Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main , 13,000-foot runway . Like many other small airports where control towers are not staffed around the clock , pilots in Wichita Falls can operate the runway lights with their radio system . But on Tuesday , city aviation director John Burrus said that Sheppard Air Force Base , which shares the facility , had closed the runway and turned off the lights . Burrus said Sheppard notified pilots of the closure . He added that the American Eagle jet could have landed on an adjacent , 10,000-foot runway that was lit . A spokesman for ExpressJet , a regional carrier that operated the flight under contract with American Airlines , said late Tuesday that the airline was still trying to determine what happened . ` The pilot attempted to activate the lights , but he could n't do so , ' said Jarek Beem , the ExpressJet spokesman . He said he did n't know why the pilot did n't land on the shorter runway . ` We 're still reviewing the entire incident . ' Beem said the pilot circled Wichita Falls for about 30 minutes before giving up and turning back to DFW . The plane , with 45 passengers , made an otherwise uneventful midnight landing at DFW after a one hour , 40-minute flight , according to tracking service FlightAware.com . Wichita Falls officials first said that the American Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main , 13,000-foot runway -LRB- file photo -RRB- .