England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session of the second Test in Grenada but the under-pressure visitors has a major stroke of fortune . After James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over , Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind . Smith should still be there , however , after replays clearly showed the ball had missed his outside edge as he thrust forward outside off stump . Replays show Devon Smith clearly misses the ball before being dismissed caught behind off Chris Jordan . Smith declines his choice to review the decision with HotSpot not available in this Test series . With HotSpot technology not available in this Test as part of the decision review system , Smith declined to try his luck upstairs and walked off . That left the hosts 36 for two at lunch , with 15 overs gone . Play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers , with 11 overs lost in the day . Despite having sent down 130 overs in the fourth innings of the drawn first Test , captain Alastair Cook pressed his bowlers back into action , persuaded by humid conditions and a touch of dampness in the pitch . Anderson , who overtook Sir Ian Botham to become the country 's leading Test wicket-taker in Antigua last week , made an early down payment on that decision . Jordan celebrates his first wicket of this match , Devon Smith , as the West Indies went to lunch 36 for two . Smith is given out as England players celebrate their second wicket of a rain-shortened first session . He clattered Brathwaite 's leg stump having forced the batsman off balance with some prodigious movement through the air . The opener had already seen one edge fall short of the slips off Anderson , who was challenging the bat more readily than Stuart Broad . Broad 's opening five overs cost just eight runs but he largely pitched too short to cause concern . Anderson was close to a second when Darren Bravo , defending on the back foot , sent a thick edge in the direction of third slip . Kraigg Brathwaite is first to fall as James Anderson bowls the West Indies opener with a massive in-swinger . Ben Stokes races to celebrate with Anderson after the opening bowler makes the breakthrough . Ben Stokes fell quickly to his right but the ball grounded just in front of him . Jordan saw a tough chance shelled at leg-slip by Gary Ballance , stationed there at Ian Bell 's behest , but Smith -LRB- 15 -RRB- did not take his luck . He is the first Grenadian to play Test cricket on the island but fell in ignominious fashion , following a wide ball that should have been left with the interval imminent . The confusion over whether or not he had edged it - and why he did not send the decision upstairs - merely added intrigue to a careless exit . The last over before lunch went to Moeen Ali , fit again and recalled in place of James Tredwell .