Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday 's Championship game against Leeds United at Elland Road after the Welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets . Both clubs have a history of fan trouble but Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club , council or police , when they would usually offer in excess of 2,500 tickets to away fans . And now Cardiff have thrown their support behind a fan-run campaign to boycott the trip to Elland Road by handing back their tickets ` as a matter of principle ' . Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday 's Championship game against Leeds United . The club , including CEO Ken Choo -LRB- far left -RRB- have thrown their backing behind a fans ' boycott of the game . Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in the reverse fixture back in November 's game , which ended a 3-1 win for the home side , and have been angered by the decision not to reciprocate . Leeds have not spoken on the matter but it is believed that they offered 2,000 tickets with restrictions on those travelling to Yorkshire before offering an allocation of 500 without restrictions . Supporters groups had already spoken about boycotting the game and now a full shut-out of away fans has been confirmed by the news that Cardiff will not take up any of their seats at Elland Road . Elland Road will be without any away fans on Saturday for the 3 pm kick-off after Cardiff sent back the tickets . The reverse fixture earlier in the season at the Cardiff City Stadium saw Leeds fans offered 2,200 tickets . ` Our preference was for Cardiff City fans to be granted the same respect and freedom of travel as provided to over 2,000 Leeds supporters for the corresponding fixture this season , and we are frustrated that this could not be permitted , ' Cardiff CEO Ken Choo said in a statement . ` With the intelligence and information available however , we consider the event to be routine and manageable and that that the travel and ticket restrictions in place are substantially out of proportion to any perceived risk . ` As stated by our Supporter Groups , we also believe that West Yorkshire Police could manage the event without issue or restrictions , if they chose to do so . ' Choo said the club would have preferred for their fans to be treated with ` respect and freedom ' as Leeds were . Leeds fans will not have any opposition to sing against for the Championship clash on Saturday afternoon . West Yorkshire Police were criticised by Millwall manager Ian Holloway earlier this year for their treatment of his club 's supporters after they were offered an allocation of just 200 restricted tickets . WYP are yet to comment on Cardiff 's statement . Leeds have also rejected Cardiff 's request to hold a ` beam back ' at the Cardiff City Stadium , with the 3 pm kick-off being shown at the away side 's ground in Wales , a decision that Khoo says has left his club frustrated . ` For the game on Saturday we are frustrated at not being able to support our players in what we consider to be fair numbers and also question the rationale in denying our request to show the fixture via beam back at Cardiff City Stadium , ' he added . Alex Mowatt of Leeds celebrates after scoring against Wolverhampton Wanderers on Easter Monday . Alex Revell of Cardiff in action against Bolton Wanderers at the Cardiff City Stadium on Monday . ` Doing so would at least allow our supporters to experience the match , albeit to a lesser degree than preferred . ' Cardiff City Supporters Club Chairman Clive Francis said , ` Cardiff City Supporters Club fully endorses this decision and is grateful to the Football Club for supporting the stance taken by the various travel groups . ` The `` bad old days '' of unacceptable behaviour by a small number of `` fans '' have thankfully been left far behind us now . This is now reflected in the respectful treatment received from the majority of clubs we visit . Let 's hope that this message hits home loud and clear to Leeds United Football Club . '