The Balinese woman who hired hitmen to murder her Australian husband has told a court that she wanted to teach him a lesson because he refused to give her money or grant her a divorce . Noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband , businessman Robert Ellis , at their home in Bali last October . His body , with wrists and feet bound , was found wrapped in plastic , dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village . Mrs Ellis faced court on Wednesday charged with the premeditated killing of her husband of 20 years , and explained that he was now ` in heaven ' . Scroll down for video . British man Robert Kelvin Ellis -LRB- left -RRB- , here with wife Noor Ellis -LRB- right -RRB- was found in a rice paddock with his throat cut in October 2014 . Mrs Ellis told Judge Beslin Sihombing that her husband died ` Because of the order from me ' . The Balinese national , who has two sons with her late husband , was arrested along with seven other people , including the couple 's two former maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids . ` For a long time he had n't given me sufficient -LRB- money -RRB- , -LRB- he -RRB- even took the money for my kids ' schooling , ' Mrs Ellis told the court . ` Because his attitude did n't change , I could n't stand it anymore . Once I asked for divorce but he did n't want to , ' she said . ` He said we should just go on , in our own way . ' 23-year-old Urbanus Yohanes Ghoghi , who slit Mr Ellis 's throat , told the court on Wednesday in graphic detail of the roles he and four other men played in the killing . Noor Ellis gave one of the men , Martin , a towel and a pillow , and asked his ` help to teach a lesson ' . The men first tried to suffocate him , but when their victim fought back , Martin handed him the kitchen knife he used to slash his throat . Already in custody for his murder is his Indonesian wife of 25 years , Noor Ellis , the couple 's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids . If the suspects are found guilty of murder , they could face the death penalty . 60-year-old Robert Ellis 's -LRB- left -RRB- body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound and was dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village . Sons Peter -LRB- centre -RRB- and John -LRB- right -RRB- now face the loss of their mother too if she gets the death penalty for their father 's murder . Afterwards , Mrs Ellis handed Martin the plastic to wrap her husband 's body in , Urbanus told the court . ` That night , Mrs Noor gave Rp 50 million -LRB- $ 5000 -RRB- to Martin . It was then split , Rp 10 million each , ' he said . ` Martin also said to us that tomorrow , there will be more . ' In early January police reportedly handed a brief of evidence to prosecutors which claimed the victim 's wife paid hit-men 150 million rupiah , or $ 14,200 AUD , according to The Daily Telegraph . The court heard that Mrs Ellis told her husband 's killers ` to be neat ' when they murdered him , and called a meeting prior to his murder to ensure the men knew the instructions . ` Mrs Noor said that when killing Mr Bob , do n't use a sharp weapon , ' Urbanus said . ` Close his nose and mouth with a pillow only . To be neat , basically . ' Julaikah Noor Aini , known as Noor Ellis -LRB- second left -RRB- takes part in a reconstruction of her husband 's murder . Mrs Ellis faces the death penalty if she is found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder , which her two sons , Peter and John , said they are reconciled to . Both sons have refused to attend their mother 's court hearing , and said that they want to see justice for their father . ` If that -LSB- the death penalty -RSB- happens , it happens , ' Peter told Channel Seven 's Sunday Night program . ` But we want justice for our dad no matter what . ' Mr Ellis was set upon in his own Bali kitchen by the killers who slashed his throat ` like killing a pig ' , police said , after Mrs Ellis employed the men along with two housemaids to clean up the murder . His wife , who was taken into custody after confessing to her role in the crime , helped local officials to recreate the murder . Mr Ellis ' body had have been lying in a ditch for several days and was in a state of decay . ` There is no doubt this was an execution-style murder , ' said a senior police officer in the Bali capital , Denpasar . Mr Ida Bagus Putu Alit , who headed the district 's forensic team , said Mr Ellis ' throat had been slashed three times . ` One of the wounds to the throat was fatal , but he also had several bruises around his head , suggesting he had been knocked to the ground before receiving the fatal throat wound , ' he said . Peter and John text messaged their mother to ask where their father was to which she chillingly replied , ` I 'll ask him when I see him . ' When Ellis was arrested at the end of last year , she admitted to police and her two Perth-based sons that she paid $ 14,000 to men to carry out the murder with her motive likely being his $ 30 million estate . Noor 's lawyers have claimed that Robert was abusive and the hit men were only paid to scare her husband , not murder him . Officials said Mr Ellis , who has been living in Australia , had a UK passport , and is believed to have moved to the seaside area of Sanur , Bali with his wife . Noor and Robert 's son John Ellis -LRB- in grey shirt -RRB- arrive at Bali police station in October to visit his mother . Robert Kelvin Ellis was found dead in a rice field near the village of Sedang , north of Denpasar in Bali . Police have also alleged Noor confessed to ordering his murder because he cheated on her ` often ' and has claimed that she was possessed by a spirit or a monster and pushed to organise Robert 's killing by an outside supernatural force . Her sons , Peter and John Ellis have told The West Australian of the perils they face , not only of a life without their father , but potentially without their mother as well . ` Mum felt like she was n't being treated well enough , she was n't given enough money , ' Peter said . ` And her only option in her mind was to murder my dad . ' Officials confirmed that Mr Ellis had a UK passport and had lived in Australia before moving to the seaside area of Sanur , Bali with his wife . Ellis also has two other children from a former relationship . At the time of their father 's death , the four children and Mr Ellis ' brother John released a joint statement . ` Bob was a loving and devoted father , grandfather , brother , son and husband . His loss leaves a hole in the lives of everyone he touched . ' ` His work in business created jobs for thousands of Indonesians . He was a good and honourable man . ` His integrity , generosity and spirit is evidenced by the way the business community both expat and Indonesian have rallied to support us and show their respects . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .