An eight-year-old boy has died a day after his family 's car hurtled off the road and into a Los Angeles harbor . His 13-year-old brother , identified as Abdelkrim Elmezayen , was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6 pm on Thursday . Their parents are in a stable condition in the hospital . Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help . The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle , driven by the boys ' father , veered off the edge of the harbor . Scroll down for video . Two dead : Both children who fell into the LA Harbor has died and their parents are recovering in hospital . Hero : Firefighter Miguel Meza -LRB- left -RRB- who dove into the water in San Pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of City Councilman Joe Buscaino -LRB- right -RRB- . It landed upside down in the 30-foot water . Two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived , he said . Witnesses told NBC the car appeared to speed up as it neared the edge . Divers found the two boys inside the car . They had no pulses and were n't breathing when divers brought them up , and resuscitation efforts began immediately , Humphrey said . The adults were described as being in fair condition but ` clearly emotionally distraught , ' Humphrey said . Firefighter Miguel Meza who dove into the water in San Pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of Los Angeles City Councilman Joe Buscaino . ` Firefighter Miguel Meza jumped into the water at Berth 73 tonight in San Pedro after a car with a family of four drove into the water . This man is a true hero in the City of Angels and I am so proud of him ! ' he said . Sucessful search : Divers emerge from the water as debris believed to be from the car floats to the surface where a car went off the berth and into the water . Divers working in murky water searched the car and even opened the trunk , but they found no one else in it , Humphrey said . The cause of the accident was under investigation . ` We do n't know at this time whether it was an accident or an intentional event , ' he said . Nearly 100 firefighters , divers and helicopter and boat crews went to the scene , Humphrey said . ABC reports that the event that led up the incident remain unknown . Witnesses told police that they heard screeching tires before the car made the plunge .