The White House declined to give embattled Drug Enforcement Administration chief Michele Leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign . Her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in Colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information . Armed with once-confidential documents , a U.S. congressional committee will investigate the claims , a spokeswoman for the Republican majority at the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform told Reuters today . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Drug Enforcement Administration boss Michele Leonhart testifies before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in a hearing on sexual harassment and misconduct allegations . She will reportedly resign soon . The White House declined today to praise her . The DEA declined to comment today on the reports by CBS and CNN Leonhart , who has run the agency since 2007 , was expected to resign after telling the panel last week there was ` no evidence ' that sensitive information had been leaked but it 's ` absolutely ' possible that information had been compromised . President Barack Obama 's top spokesman , Josh Earnest , refused to engage speculation today about Leonhart 's employment status nor would not put the weight of the White House behind her . Pressed to say whether the president retained confidence in his drug czar , Earnest said , ` We continue to have concerns about the material that was presented in the inspector general report that raised legitimate questions about the conduct of DEA officers . ' Earnest was referring to the allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct at the DEA , the FBI , the U.S. Marshals Service and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives that were examined in a March report by the Justice Department 's Inspector General . In a case study , the Inspector General said DEA 's internal affairs office in 2009 and 2010 received allegations from ` former host-country police officers ' that several DEA agents , including senior supervisors , had ` solicited prostitutes and engaged in other serious misconduct ' while stationed in the unnamed country . U.S. officials said the country was Colombia . The report said that ` sex parties ' financed by ` local drug cartels ' took place over ` several years ' inside offices leased by the DEA . A DEA supervisor told the Inspector General 's office that it was ` common for prostitutes to be present at business meetings involving cartel members and foreign officers . ' The Inspector General 's report also said ` prostitutes in the agents ' quarters could easily have had access to sensitive DEA equipment and information . ' It did not explicitly allege that such materials had been compromised to traffickers . From left to right : Leonhart , Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz and FBI Associate Deputy Director Kevin Perkins are sworn in to testify . Leonhart said there was ` no evidence ' that sensitive information had been leaked but it 's ` absolutely ' possible that information had been compromised . The House Oversight aide who spokes to Reuters said the committee 's leaks inquiry would examine the bureaucratic culture and leadership at the DEA and other Justice Department investigative agencies . The events with prostitutes took place between 2001 and 2005 , but U.S. officials said the DEA did not investigate them until years later . Leonhart has also been accused by the Inspector General of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct . Supplemented by two U.S. government reports , Leonhart 's testimony raised concern among the committee 's members that agents might have leaked secrets about their investigations that found their way to the Colombian drug lords . ` It is incredibly concerning that , according to the DEA itself , there is a clear possibility that information was compromised as a result of these sex parties , ' Elijah Cummings , the committee 's top Democrat , told Reuters . He described the DEA agents ' actions as ` truly breathtaking recklessness ' in a statement . The panel 's members issued a statement after Leonhart 's appearance saying she had ` lost the confidence ' of the committee . Leonhart ` has been woefully unable to change or positively influence the pervasive `` good old boy '' culture that exists throughout the agency , ' they said of the second woman to hold the job . ` From her testimony , it is clear that she lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions required to hold those accountable who compromise national security and bring disgrace to their position , ' the group of 22 Republican and Democratic Members of Congress wrote . Oversight committee officials disclosed to Reuters excerpts from a once-confidential internal DEA report which quoted an agency informant alleging that U.S. agents who took part in the parties had compromised sensitive information . One informant , identified by the committee as ` Cooperator 2 , ' was quoted in an excerpt from the DEA report alleging that he believed a second informant -LRB- ` Cooperator 1 ' -RRB- had ` gained information from the U.S. agents by ` getting their guard down ' through the use of prostitutes and paying for parties . ' The report says Cooperator 1 ` bragged about the parties with prostitutes and how he ` sold ' the relationship/closeness with the agents ' to Cooperator 2 . According to the report , Cooperator 1 also ` stated he could easily get the agents to talk . '