For most of us the thought of eating insects might prove to be one culinary step too far . But the consumption of locusts , crickets , worms and grubs could become very much a part of our diet as the cost of meat production rises , and the demand for meat grows . In tonight 's final episode of BBC Two 's Back In Time For Dinner , the Robshaws -- Brandon , 53 , Rochelle , 52 , and their children Miranda , 17 , Rosalind , 15 and Fred -- who have travelled from the 1950s to the end of the millennium are served the food of the future . The Robshaws sample insects in tonight 's episode of BBC Two 's Back for Dinner . Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects . The experiment , filmed for a six-part TV programme , ended with the family feeling extremely grateful for the variety of foods available today . Presenter Giles Coren and food historian Polly Russell serve the family a radical dinner of Mexican spiced cricket tacos , Asian worm stir fry , buffalo worm tart and cricket kebabs . The family also attempt burgers made with a mixture of insect and beef protein , and sample cookies made from insect flour . ` In the future meat supplies might be a problem , ' presenter Mr Coren says in the programme . ` Insects have been hailed as a solution to our meat problem ; full of protein , low in fat and packed full of nutrients they are already part of the staple diet in parts of Africa and Asia . ' The lack of traditional meat proteins can be put down to population expansion , food historian Polly Russell explains . ` As populations grow globally there is a huge pressure on the amount of meat that is produced because as developing countries start getting richer and people start adopting Western-style diets , which tend to consume a lot more meat , ' she said . Entomophagy -LRB- eating insects -RRB- could have a positive impact on the environment and world hunger if crunchy exoskeletons could replace typical meat . Throughout the show , in the 1950s the children had to wait patiently for their father to finish his dinner , knowing his leftovers would be their supper . The 1960s saw the birth of the sugary cereal , while motorway service stations became almost fashionable as places to eat . The Robshaws found that food in the 1970s was brightly-coloured - but perhaps less enticing - than before . In the 1970s , working women were learning to balance their careers with cooking for the family . The decade also saw the rise of the Pot Noodle . In the 1980s goats cheese , mange tout and kiwi fruit became the foods to impress your dinner party guests . Gourmet dishes and nouvelle cuisine took over from the simple but hearty dishes of earlier decades . By the 1990s , sushi and curry were as popular as traditional English dishes and ready meals became the norm . For the final episode , the family discussed the food of the future ; insects . On top of health benefits , insects are seen as a solution to meet the demands of food supply and are viewed as a more environmentally-friendly method of food production . A recent UN report identified edible insects as a sustainable food source for the future . Figures indicate two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with them . And once better technology has been developed for farming insects , they really have better potential of becoming a major food source , experts say . Chef Rene Redzepi 's pop-up restaurant Noma Tokyo has a menu that begins with a starter of prawns and ants . Mexican restaurant chain Wahaca , which was co-founded in 2007 by Masterchef winner Thomasina Miers , started to introduce the alternate protein source to diners in 2013 . In January this year , it brought chapulines fundido to the menu , made with one of Mexico 's most sustainably farmed , yet unusual ingredients - grasshoppers . Chefs cook the fried chapulines -LRB- grashoppers -RRB- with softened shallots , garlic and smoky chipotle chillies to create a salsa , which is served with queso fundido , a mixture of grated mozzarella and cheddar cheese and a side of corn tortillas . Thomasina Miers gave FEMAIL her take on the dish . She said : ` It 's just not in our psyche at the moment , but we do n't have any issues eating shrimps or prawns , so I think it 's just a question of creating a dish that will appeal over here . Mexican restaurant chain Wahaca served chapulines fundido - made with grasshoppers - to its menu in January this year . Archipelago restaurant in Cleveland Street has love bug salads , bushmans 's caviar -LRB- caramel mealworms , blinis , coconut cream and vodka jelly -RRB- and a dessert called Medieval Hive -LRB- brown butter ice-cream , honey and butter caramel sauce and a baby bee -RRB- on the menu . This summer chef Adam Holcroft will open Britain 's first insect restaurant in Haverfordwest , Pembrokeshire , this summer , serving dishes which feature crickets , bugs and worms . The 37-year-old head chef says it will be the first restaurant in the UK dedicated to serving insects as protein to show bugs can help feed the booming global population . Asian Forest Scorpion - Scorpions have a strong , bitter flavor and are normally eaten with sweet chili sauce . Paris Street Rose is full of rich sweet fruit made from full bodied Transylvanian Pinot Noir , so it will have enough body to cut through the combination of flavours . Mealworms - Match their nutty taste and light , crunchy texture with a crisp Clare Valley Viognier wine that has just the right combination of fruit and richness . Zebra Tarantula - Tarantulas are normally eaten deep fried , so think similar to fish and chips . A lively full bodied Chardonnay will stand up to the complex fishy flavours of the tarantula . Sago Worms - These worms have a distinct taste a bit similar to bacon so you need a big meaty red with loads of punch to match that savoury flavour . McLaren Vale Shiraz is fresh with loads of red fruit and spice . BBQ Locusts - Locusts taste a bit like an exotic bar snack and with the BBQ flavour you 'll need a wine with a hint of sweetness . The Hacienda de Lluna Moscatel is a gorgeous lightly bubbly pink that works well as an aperitif . Chocolate dipped locusts - These locusts are essentially a savory dish as they taste a bit like sunflower seeds , but also have the sweetness from the chocolate . A rich robust wine with loads of sweet fruit will stand up to these flavours . Giant Waterbugs - The meat inside the water bug 's body tastes a bit similar to a sweet scallop , while the head has hints of anise , so you 'll need to find a wine that can match well with seafood and stronger flavours . A dry sherry , and a Fino at that , is the only choice here . The crisp citrus and nutty flavours will complement their complex flavours . Queen Weaver Ants - Their slightly sour and crunchy tastes like a lemon . They would go well with an aromatic white with pretty fruit and floral notes . A Gewürztraminer provides the perfect balance to crunchy textures . Asian Forest Scorpion - Scorpions have a strong , bitter flavor and are normally eaten with sweet chili sauce . Paris Street Rose is full of rich sweet fruit made from full bodied Transylvanian Pinot Noir , so it will have enough body to cut through the combination of sweet and sour . Crickets - The flavours are much harder to distinguish in crickets and so they are often prepared with garlic and salt . Nevertheless the nutty flavor that comes through means a perfect fit is a rich full-bodied white wine like Albariño . Garlic Chapulines - Have an earthy and grassy flavour and a very crunchy texture , therefore we recommend a creamy dry Champagne that will match well with the earthy flavours -LRB- similar to matching with mushrooms -RRB- and crunch .