Scotland winger Sean Maitland is facing a race against time to be fit for the Rugby World Cup after it emerged he has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder . It was hoped the London Irish-bound star might yet return to play a part in the Pro12 run-in for Glasgow Warriors after being out of action since January -- but head coach Gregor Townsend reported on Thursday that he had suffered a setback and has now played his last game for the club . With the news that the 26-year-old will miss the rest of the season , national boss Vern Cotter will naturally be concerned he is fit in time for the World Cup which starts in September . Sean Maitland is leaving Glasgow Warriors to play in the Aviva Premiership with London Irish next season . Townsend said : ` Sean got some tough news last week when it became clear his shoulder would require surgery . ` But the operation at Spire Murrayfield Hospital was a success and he 's targeting to be back for the World Cup . ' Maitland , who has 15 caps for Scotland and toured with the British & Irish Lions in 2013 , picked up the injury when the Warriors lost at Bath in the European Rugby Champions Cup and was subsequently ruled out of the Six Nations . With the New Zealand-born player leaving Scotstoun for the English Premiership in the summer , his operation has denied Glasgow fans a final opportunity to see him play in their colours . Townsend said : ` I 'd like to take this opportunity to thank Sean for his contribution to the club , he 's been an excellent player for us . ' Former Canterbury Crusaders player Maitland has won 15 caps for Scotland . Meanwhile , Townsend believes there is a real determination in his squad to secure a win over Cardiff Blues tonight for team-mates Al Kellock and Dougie Hall who retire at the end of the season . The veteran pair have been included in the starting line-up at Scotstoun with Warriors needing victory to edge closer to a top-four finish for the fourth year in a row . ` This week is really important for the club because we have only have four league matches left , ' said the head coach . ` I have also seen the players really focus in on the win because they want to pay tribute to Al and Dougie . ` Tonight we want to celebrate what they have done for the club . ' Glasgow coach Gregor Townsend has been able to call upon the services of star fly half Finn Russll once more . Townsend has made a number of changes from the side that drew 34-34 away to Leinster a fortnight ago . In the backs , fit-again duo Henry Pyrgos and Finn Russell come in as does Peter Murchie at full-back . Four changes in the pack sees props Jerry Yanuyanutawa and Mike Cusack start alongside Hall while Adam Ashe replaces Josh Strauss at No 8 . Scotland trio Gordon Reid , Jon Welsh and Duncan Weir are on the bench after returning from injury . The Blues , currently in 10th place , will be without injured prop Gethin Jenkins but still have talent like Sam Warburton , Alex Cuthbert , Gareth Anscombe and Josh Navidi in the starting XV . Wales captain Sam Warburton has been named to start for Cardiff against Glasgow at Scotstoun . Townsend is not taking their challenge lightly . ` Cardiff look to keep the ball alive at all times and if you look at the stats from the league , they are the ones who pass the ball the most , ' he said . ` When your game-plan is to go out and attack and keep hold of the ball and you have nothing to lose , then they could be really dangerous opponents . ` We need our defence to be putting them under pressure if they are moving the ball a lot . ` On paper they have some fantastic individuals in their side like Warburton and other internationals and now that they are out of Europe they will want to finish the season on a high . ' Young Warriors prop D'arcy Rae , 20 , has joined London Scottish on loan until the end of the season . He has already been on loan at Treviso this term but is set to have a big future at Scotstoun from 2015/16 onwards .