An Iditarod sled dog who escaped from handlers in Anchorage has been found safe after being on the run for a month . Alaskan Husky , Sarabi , was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway , on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28 when she returns from traveling . The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick 's United Protestant Presbyterian Church before being caught on Monday night , according to KTUU . Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home , and used four bowls of dog kibbles , a pot of chicken stock , liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sarabi . Idiatrod sled dog Sarabi escaped from handlers in Anchorage but has been found safe a month after running away -LRB- Sarabi pictured above -RRB- . Sarabi was dropped from musher Laura Allaway 's team -LRB- Allaway pictured left -RRB- during the Iditarod on March 21 . The three-year-old dog was then seen near Glenn Highway around April 15 before being spotted in Palmer . ` I was pretty sure that she was n't around anymore after three weeks of no confirmed sighting , ' Allaway told ABC News . Sarabi escaped from handlers on March 21 after being dropped by musher Allaway 's team during the Iditarod race . The animal was then seen near Glenn Highway around April 15 , and then in Palmer , about 40 miles northeast of Anchorage . After Sarabi was spotted in near Carrick 's home and the church in Palmer , searchers asked him for help . She was seen on video eating the food in the cage trap before it was decided on the evening of April 20 to capture her , and the trap was closed on Monday night . ` This morning when I got up , she was all the way inside the cage and licking the back ' Carrick told KTUU on Monday . ` One of the ladies had put some liverwurst or something in the back of the cage so she would get more comfortable with going in ' . Rev. Tim Carrick set up a cage trap in the woods between his home and the church and placed inside over a course of a few days four bowls of dog kibbles , a pot of chicken stock and liverwurst -LRB- above the trap -RRB- . On Facebook Allaway wrote on Tuesday thanking everyone for their help in bringing Sarabi back home to Fairbanks -LRB- above -RRB- . ` I 'm kind of sad to see her go in a way , but really happy she 's going to be back with Laura ' , Carrick continued . Morgan Hall , a friend of Allaway 's picked up Sarabi on Monday around 9 pm and took her to a kennel where Allaway works in Fairbanks . ` We got her . We got her safe . She 'll be home safe , ' Hall told the Alaska Dispatch News on Monday night . ` That 's all that matters . ' On Facebook , Allaway wrote on Tuesday thanking everyone for their help in Sarabi 's return back home to Fairbanks . Sarabi 's only apparent injury was a porcupine quill under the eye which was removed following her capture -LRB- Daniel Carrick with the dog above -RRB- . She wrote : ` The moment we have all been waiting for !! Sarabi is caught ! She is safe and sound and will be back home in Fairbanks tomorrow !! ` I can not thank each and every one of you enough for everything you all have done ! ` If it was n't from the help of so many people she likely would still be roaming the streets ! I 'm so sooo happy she is safe and sound ! ' Sarabi appears to be at a healthy weight and her only apparent injury was a porcupine quill under the eye which Hall 's husband removed following the dog 's capture , according to Alaska Dispatch News . Allaway is looking forward to embracing Sarabi once they are reunited . She told Alaska Dispatch News : ` I 'm going to hug her for ten minutes straight . '