Police are investigating the theft of about $ 70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern Minnesota . Mower County Sheriff Terese Amazi said farmer Daniel Weness , of LeRoy , reported on Tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn . The canister was worth about $ 500 , and the vials of semen were worth from $ 300 to $ 1,500 apiece . Scroll down for video . About $ 70,000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern Minnesota sometime between April 1 and April 7 . The Semen , stolen from Daniel Weness 's farm -LRB- pictured -RRB- was taken from an unlocked barn . A $ 500 canister held vials of semen worth between $ 300 and $ 1,500 each . The theft happened sometime between April 1 and 7 . The man said the only time he and his hired hand were away from the farm was on Easter Sunday , according to the Austin Daily Herald . Police have no suspects . Chief Deputy Mark May said that there is a market for bull semen because it helps farmers on transportation costs of putting a bull and a cow in the same pen to breed . ` A lot of people purchase bid on it or purchase it instead of transporting their animals to and from a site , ' he said . ` They can just purchase a vial of bull semen and inseminate their cow and I guess it 's just more reliable that way . ' Mark May , chief deputy of the Mower County Sheriff 's Office said that there is a market for bull semen because it helps farmers reduce transportation costs of animals . Frozen semen can live for many years , often outliving the bull it originally came from , according to the Washington Post . ` A lot of farmers these days use artificial insemination to increase genetic diversity within their herds , ' Linnay Yarger , an agriculture teacher at Austin High School told KAAL . ` The range in value depends on the bull it comes from , ' she added . ` Some genetic qualities are more highly sought after than others , so the higher priced semen is coming from maybe an award winning bull or a quality that is sought after . ' Welness said he has about 80 animals on his farm .