Drive-by death : Cassandra Cassidy was fatally wounded as she tried to help two women ` afraid of men in a car ' outside a rehab centre . A 24-year-old rehab worker killed in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas was an ` innocent bystander ' who had been trying to aid two women who had approached her in the street . Cassandra Cassidy had been stopped outside the addiction recovery centre where she worked shortly after 10 pm on Friday by two females ` afraid of males in a car ' , police have said . The fashion design student was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women , and died in hospital shortly afterwards . Ms Cassidy had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse , when the women approached her , Las Vegas police said in a statement . The women later told police they had been afraid of two men in a car down the street and asked to use Ms Cassidy 's phone to call for help . A white , two door car with several occupants drove up to Ms Cassidy 's car and fired several rounds , striking Cassidy but not the two women , before it sped off , Lt. Jeff Goodwin of Las Vegas Metropolitan Police said . The aspiring designer , who had recently launched her own vegan clothing label , was mortally wounded and taken to University Medical Center where she died . The death of Ms Cassidy , who described herself as ` a 24-year-old fashion design student , artist , geek , photography enthusiast , hiatus model , and many other things ' on her Instagram page , has devastated family and friends . Her boyfriend of two years , Adam Loghides , 26 , said working at the rehab centre was a perfect fit for her , as she ` always finds the best ways and finds the best qualities in people ' . The International Academy of Design & Technology-Las Vegas 's student , was ` an avid supporter of civil rights and LGBTQ issues and someone who represented fairness on all levels and equality , ' Mr Loghides told the Las Vegas Review-Journal . Las Vegas Metropolitan Police are investigating the shooting but have yet to make any arrests . Tragedy : The aspiring Las Vegas designer was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women , and she died in hospital shortly afterwards . Shooting : Ms Cassidy , 24 , was shot in a driveby on this Las Vegas road just after 10 pm Friday night .