Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley when second-round play was suspended Friday because of the threat of severe weather . Swafford had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana . Weekley , the first-round leader after a 64 , also was 11 under with three holes left . Jason Day , ranked sixth in the world , was 5 under for the round through 14 holes , pulling him into a five-way tie for third at 10 under with Brandon de Jonge , Cameron Tringale , former Zurich champion Jerry Kelly and Daniel Berger . Tringale had a 65 , and de Jonge shot 70 . Kelley was on the 18th green when play was stopped , and Berger had three holes left . Hudson Swafford watches his tee shot on the 18th hole on day two at the Zurich Classic . Boo Weekley tees off on the 5th hole at TPC Louisiana in Avondale on Friday . Second-round play was scheduled to resume Saturday at 8 a.m. CDT . The field remained tightly packed with birdies seemingly harder to come by Friday . Many players cited a combination of wind , soggy turf from recent rain and thick , swampy air as reasons for the course to play even longer than usual . Six players were tied for eighth , two shots off the lead . They were Chad Campbell , Morgan Hoffman , Steven Bowditch , Justin Thomas , Chris Stroud and David Hearn . Seven more players were at 8 under , including Marc Leishman , who returned to the PGA Tour this weekend after taking a month off from golf to tend to family when his wife became gravely ill . With his wife , recovering , Leishman came to New Orleans saying he just wanted to knock off some rust and was keeping expectations low . He did a lot better than that and is now in line for a nice pay-day , given officials were estimating the cut line at four under . Swafford chips on to the 17th green before ending the day tied for the lead on 11-under . Marc Leishman -LRB- right -RRB- takes a drop after hitting into the water on the 18th hole . Leishman was at 10 under through 17 holes , putting him in position to set a TPC Louisiana record with a birdie on the par-5 18th . But after a booming drive , Leishman gambled on an aggressive second shot , using his driver on the fairway . He pushed his ball right into the water . When play was stopped , he was on the fringe , lying four , needing to sink his next shot Saturday morning to tie the course record of 62 . Swafford , in only his second season on the tour , had six birdies and no bogeys during his second round , putting him in position to contend for what would be his maiden PGA Tour victory . His best finish so far is tied for eighth at the Frys.com Open last October , though his most impressive outing may have been at last month 's Arnold Palmer invitational at Bay Hill , where he tied for 11th . Weekley , meanwhile , continued to play well with new shafts that he credited for a strong first round after missing the cut in three of his previous four tournaments . England 's Justin Rose is just four shots off the lead on 7-under , while Rickie Fowler is one shot off the projected cut as he finished the day on 3-under after his round was stopped at the 15th . England 's Justin Rose tees off on the 3rd hole during his second round at the Zurich Classic . Rickie Fowler watches his shot on the second hole as the American battles to make the cut .