The mother-in-law of one of one of the Boston bombers has taken to the stand to tell how her daughter was converted to Islam by her husband , as lawyers try to argue the other brother out of being put to death . Judith Russell , whose daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev , one of the two mass murderers who set of bombs at the 2013 Boston marathon , spoke at a court in the city today . Her words came as jurors decide whether Tamerlan 's brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre . Scroll down for video . On the stand : Judith Russell , pictured right in a 2013 file photo , took to the stand in the trial of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . She told how her daughter Katherine , left , converted to Islam after meeting Dzhokhar 's brother Tamerlan . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , pictured three months after his arrest for the Boston bombing , flipping off a camera in his jail cell . His defense team argued on Monday he is a ` good boy ' and should be spared the death penalty for killing three people and injuring several hundred in the 2013 terrorist attacks . Tamerlan himself was killed in a police firefight a few days after the bombing , which he masterminded . Change : Katherine Russell is pictured in a yearbook photo , before she converted to Islam . Defense lawyers for Dzhokhar have made the argument that he should not be killed because he was in some capacity forced into the killings by his more persuasive elder sibling . Russell was brought before the jury as a defense witness - and told how Tamerlan met her daughter and got her pregnant before gradually becoming more radical in her views . Russell told jurors she drifted from her daughter as a result of the relationship - and that at some point was shocked to find her wearing the veil and a new convert to her husband 's faith . Though Russell admitted that Katherine seemed to take on the religion of her own volition - and still upholds it - her testimony indicated that he was the cause and she considered the move a sacrifice for him . At one point she revealed that Tamerlan , who was originally unemployed and unmotivated , became so zealous in his faith that he tried to force literature on her , too , and encourage her to convert . She told jurors that she has an Islam For Dummies book on her shelf at home , but could n't remember who gave it to her . She said she had hardly met Dzhokhar or his family , but that she remembered attending a baby shower which the brothers ' very religious mother attended . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , an ethnic Chechen , was found guilty earlier this month of killing three people and injuring 264 as well as fatally shooting a police officer . David Bruck delivered the defense 's opening statement in the penalty phase of Tsarnaev 's trial , claiming that no punishment Tsarnaev can be given is equal to the suffering of the victims . Influencer ? Defense lawyers for Tsarnaev -LRB- left -RRB- have said that his brother Tamerlan -LRB- right -RRB- drove his brother to help him with the 2013 killings . ` There is no evening the scales , ' Bruck said . ` There is no point in trying to hurt him as he hurt because it ca n't be done . ' During the initial stage of his trial , prosecutors portrayed him as an extremist who wanted to ` punish America ' for military campaigns in Muslim-dominated countries . The teen followed a blueprint from al Qaeda 's Inspire magazine to build the homemade pressure-cooker bombs that ripped through crowds of spectators , volunteers and athletes on April 15 , 2013 . Bruck urged the jury to sentence the defendant to life in prison without the possibility of ever being released for his crimes . A chilling photo was revealed last week at the Boston bombing trial showing the aftermath of the blasts on Boylston Street . ` His legal case will be over for good , and no martyrdom , just years and years of punishment , ' the lawyer said . ` All the while , society is protected . ' Bruck told the court that Tsarnaev would be sent to a supermax prison in the Colorado mountains , adding that he would have no privacy , be under a video camera 24 hours a day . He would be allowed no interviews , there would be no autobiography and no messages relayed , the attorney added . Bruck focused heavily on Tsarnaev 's brother , Tamerlan , who died after a gunfight with police four days after the bombing , saying he led the plot and provided the ` fuel ' to drive the plan . He said Tamerlan was ` consumed by jihad ' and had ` power ' over Dzhokhar , who admired his older brother . Bruck contrasted Tamerlan with Dzhokhar , saying Tamerlan was loud and aggressive , got into fights , failed at everything he did and never held a steady job , while Dzhokhar was a good student in high school , was loved by his teachers there , had many friends and never got in a fight . ` He was a good kid , ' the lawyer said . But he said Tsarnaev started going downhill in college . One of the first defense witnesses to testify in the penalty phase described an incident at a mosque when Tamerlan became angry and interrupted prayer services . Imam Loay Assaf testified on Monday that he got very angry during one service in 2013 when Assaf praised Martin Luther King Jr and compared him to the Prophet Mohammad . Assaf says Tamerlan interrupted the service , shouting at him and calling him a ` hypocrite ' . Prosecutors have portrayed Tsarnaev as an unrepentant killer who gave the finger to the security camera in his jail cell three months after his arrest . The startling photo and video were shown to the jury last week . Bruck downplayed the gesture , saying Tsarnaev was ` acting like an immature 19-year-old ' . Defense attorney , Judith Clarke , had opened the trial with the blunt admission ` it was him , ' Tsarnaev , who committed all the crimes he was charged with . But she closed the guilt phase by arguing that , when it came to planning the attack and building the bombs , ` Tamerlan did that . ' Defense attorneys Timothy Watkins , left , and David Bruck arrive at federal court on Monday during the penalty phase of the federal trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who was convicted of the Boston Marathon bombings that killed three and injured 260 people in April 2013 . In this courtroom sketch , bombing survivor Marc Fucarile , right , was depicted on the witness stand on Friday during the penalty phase where he stared down Tsarnaev . Fucarile said he has had more than 60 surgeries , and it is still unclear whether his left leg can be saved . In a sharp contrast to the last phase of the trial , when the defense took just two days to call four witnesses , the court has scheduled about two weeks ' worth of testimony as Tsarnaev 's lawyers make the case to spare his life . Few details are known about who the defense lawyers will call to testify as all witness lists in this trial have been filed under seal . On Thursday , local media reported that some members of Tsarnaev 's family arrived in Boston . It is not clear exactly which members of his family traveled to Boston or if they will testify or simply observe the proceedings . Another unanswered question is whether Tsarnaev will speak in his own defense . He has been a quiet presence during the trial , offering no signs of emotion as the jury heard sometimes tearful testimony from survivors and viewed graphic , disturbing images of the bombs ' detonation and aftermath . Eight-year-old Martin Richard , Chinese exchange student Lu Lingzi , 23 , and restaurant manager Krystle Campbell , 29 , died in the bombing . The Tsarnaev brothers shot dead Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer Sean Collier three days later .