Nicola Adams has no intention of following her former Great Britain team-mate Natasha Jonas into retirement as she focuses on becoming a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio next year . Having overcome another lengthy injury lay-off , Adams is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week . And with a world gold medal still proving elusive , the 32-year-old Adams insists she has absolutely no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves . British boxer Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio . Adams -LRB- right , pictured during her London 2012 final win over Cancan Ren -RRB- is hoping to retain her crown . Adams said : ` I will keep fighting as long as I have the motivation to do so and there is no reason why that should not continue after the Rio Olympics . ` At the moment becoming a double Olympic champion is the only thing on my mind but I have other goals left to achieve including world gold after only taking three silvers so far . ` Despite all my injury problems I have never lost my love for the sport and as long as I keep that love of fighting and entertaining the crowd I will still be eager to compete . ' Adams will face a rare challenge to her domestic dominance in Liverpool with her 51 kg category also including Lisa Whiteside , who won world silver in Adams ' absence earlier this year . Natasha Jonas , pictured in blue at London 2012 , announced her retirement from boxing on April 7 . The Preston fighter has boiled down to the flyweight division in order to challenge for Adams ' Olympic spot and they should go head-to-head for the first time in next Sunday 's final . But Adams , who underwent shoulder surgery earlier this year , warned : ` I am feeling really good - my speed and timing have returned and I feel like a whole new fighter . ` I had to change my style for the Commonwealth Games because I had to hide just how much of a problem my shoulder was causing , but I came through it and took the gold medal . ` Now it is not giving me any problems at all so I can revert to the way I have always fought and hopefully the fans in Liverpool will be able to see me at my best . '