A couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in Hurricane Sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $ 250,000 in the lottery . Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island , New York , in October 2012 - but now says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together . The 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss , whose home in Brooklyn , New York , was also destroyed . Dennis Krauss and Mary Ann Diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house . Both of them were left homeless when Hurricane Sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the US in October 2012 . The loving couple met after they separately moved from New York to a trailer park in Connecticut , after they lost their homes . During the storms Ms Diano had been swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety . The 62-year-old did n't evacuate during Hurricane Sandy because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats . She lost everything in the storm - but in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery . ` Sandy left me homeless and alone and now because of Sandy I met the love of my life , I hit the lottery and we 're shopping for the house of our dreams ' , the thrilled woman told the New York Daily News after she won $ 255,555 -LRB- £ 174,000 -RRB- . Ms Diano 's troubles first began when she stayed at home with her five cats during the storm brought on by Hurricane Sandy , which caused chaos when it hit 24 states in the US . As the water began to fill her house she stepped outside and was swept away by a huge wave before landing in the high branches of a tree -- saying she feared she was going to die . She was hauled to safety by a kind stranger , who saw she was about to touch a live wire and risk being electrocuted . The loving couple said they do n't consider the winnings as money - but as the chance for a new start and home . Sandy left Ms Diano homeless and alone , she said - but it also brought her the love of her life and a lottery wn . Ms Diano was reunited with her cats but lost her home , and went to live in a Connecticut trailer park after winning a year 's rent-free accommodation in a church raffle . There she met Mr Krauss , who had also lost his home in Brooklyn , New York , in the storms , and the homeless pair began a relationship . She won the lottery last October after buying it from a gas station , but decided not to cash it in until April 6 -- the day after Easter -- as a symbolic sign of a new beginning . Reliving the moment she knew her life had changed , she told the Daily News : ` I ran outside to Dennis waiting in the car and told him we won . The hurricane destroyed homes as it swept through New Jersey -LRB- pictured -RRB- , including Ms Diano 's home . He said , ` If you 're busting my chops , I 'll kill ya . ' I showed him the ticket . ` We hugged . We kissed . I wept . ' Mr Krauss said they did n't consider the winnings as money but the chance for the start of a new life together in their own home , . ` We do n't consider it money . We consider it a home . It 's a home ' , Mr Klaus told the News 8 channel . ` It 's not to be spent . It 's where we 're going to live together and start a new life . '