It may be a difficult time for Jermain Defoe and his Sunderland team-mates on the pitch but the England forward seemed in good spirits off it as he enjoyed a game of basketball on Wednesday . Sunderland are in the middle of a Premier League relegation battle as they struggle for form at the wrong end of the season with only one win in nine , albeit against north East rivals Newcastle . But Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed the striker enjoying the sunshine with a game of basketball . Jermain Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of Basketball . Defoe and his team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match . Defoe arrived at the Stadium of Light in January following an unsuccessful time in the MLS with Toronto FC in a switch that was seen as a coup by then-manager Gus Poyet - who was eventually sacked in March and replaced by Dick Advocaat . However , the former Spurs forward has failed to adapt to life back in England and has scored just three goals in 11 league appearances as the battle for Premier League survival heats up . Defoe did , however , do his reputation with Sunderland fans no harm by scoring a sublime volley as The Black Cats defeated rivals Newcastle 1-0 earlier this month . The former Spurs forward scored a sublime volley as his side defeated rivals Newcastle 1-0 earlier this month . Sunderland were brought back down to earth in their last outing by high-flying Crystal Palace as Yannick Bolasie 's quick-fire hat-trick secured an impressive victory for Alan Pardew 's men which leaves the strugglers only three points above the drop zone . The Black Cats are without a game this weekend and have a tough run-in , with four of their six remaining games away from home which includes trips to Arsenal and Chelsea in their final two fixtures of the season . Sunderland will be hoping Burnley slip up against Everton on Saturday , where a victory for Sean Dyche 's men would see them move level on points with Defoe 's side . Sunderland are deep in a Premier League relegation battle and sit only three points above the drop zone .