The former BBC economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating Ed Miliband . Former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders yesterday broke her silence over her fling with Ed Miliband , describing it as ` fleeting and very costly ' . She made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004 . In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said : ` We `` dated '' fleetingly in 2004 . Very costly few weeks it turns out ' . It was unclear whether Miss Flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with Mr Miliband , or was embarrassed by the media coverage -- or both . Miss Flanders , 46 , accused the media of ` raking over ' Mr Miliband 's past in the run-up to the election . But in fact the revelation about the timing of her relationship with the future Labour leader was revealed by Mrs Miliband during a soft-focus interview with the Labour-supporting Mirror newspaper , which was headlined ` How I fell in love with Ed ' . Mrs Miliband revealed the couple had first met at a London dinner party hosted by Miss Flanders in 2004 . She recalled : ` I thought he was good-looking and clever and seemed to be unattached . But we just went down a conversation cul-de-sac . Apparently we had nothing in common . ` He just wanted to talk about economics -- one of my least favourite subjects . None of our conversations went anywhere . ' Mrs Miliband said she had been ` furious ' when she later found out that her future husband was not ` unattached ' at all and was ` secretly going out with ' the woman who had invited her to dinner . She did not name Miss Flanders . But Tony Blair 's biographer John Rentoul later revealed it was common knowledge in Labour circles that the BBC woman had hosted the dinner party . Mr Rentoul said : ` Could the secrecy have been because he was a Treasury special adviser and Stephanie Flanders was a BBC economics journalist ? ' The revelations also revived stories about Miss Flanders 's former relationship with Labour 's shadow chancellor Ed Balls , which is said to have been more serious than her fling with Mr Miliband . Miss Flanders , daughter of Michael Flanders of the musical comedy duo Flanders and Swann , met Mr Balls in 1989 at Harvard University where they were both Kennedy scholars . They later worked together as leader writers at the Financial Times . Miss Flanders , 46 , accused the media of ` raking over ' Mr Miliband 's past in the run-up to the election . Miss Flanders , now a mother of two , went on to spend years reporting on economics for the BBC , firstly on Newsnight and then as the corporation 's economics editor . In 2013 she quit the corporation to take a lucrative job as chief European market strategist for the fabulously wealthy US investment bank JP Morgan , where Tony Blair is a senior adviser . Last week 's revelations led to a series of stories about Mr Miliband 's tangled love life before he met his wife . In an interview yesterday , the Labour leader played down the controversy , saying : ` I 'm not at all bothered about attacks on me , but I do n't think it 's very nice for the other people who are not in the public eye . ' Labour sources also dismissed the row , saying it would help dispel characterisations of him as a geek . But one poll yesterday showed a sharp deterioration in Mr Miliband 's approval ratings among women . The Opinium survey showed that the Labour leader 's approval rating among women fell by nine points in a week . Just 24 per cent of women think Mr Miliband is doing a good job , compared to 45 per cent who do not , giving him a net approval rating of minus 21 , compared to minus 12 the previous week . His approval rating among men is minus 15 .