A Paratrooper who braved heavy Taliban fire to rescue a wounded comrade received the Victoria Cross from the Queen yesterday . She told Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey : ` I do n't get to give this one out very often . Did you ever imagine you 'd be standing here ? Well done . ' But in fact the 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour -- a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago . Scroll down for video . The Queen awards a Victoria Cross to Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey , who showed immense bravery by drawing enemy fire and helping his comrades before taking the fight to the Taliban in August 2013 . It is just the sixth time the Queen has given a VC to a living , British recipient during her reign . L/Cpl Leakey said he was ` uncomfortable ' about being singled out ahead of others in his regiment and insisted the battle was ` just one job , one patrol out of multiple patrols ' L/Cpl Leakey is only the sixth living British soldier the Queen has presented with his medal . He was invested in a ceremony at Windsor Castle . L/Cpl Leakey , of 1 Para , is the third British serviceman to receive the VC for bravery during the Afghanistan campaign but the other two awards were made posthumously . In 2013 , he braved heavy gunfire from 20 Taliban insurgents in Helmand to rush to the aid of a wounded US Marine . He also took control of a machine gun post to begin the fightback , then ran down a barren hillside , dodging a hail of bullets , picked up another machine gun and continued the battle in which 11 insurgents were killed and four wounded . According to the official citation , L/Cpl Leakey , who is single and from Hampshire , showed ` complete disregard for his own safety ' as his unit came under attack for around an hour . The Paratrooper shared a brief exchange with the Queen as he was awarded the honour at Windsor Castle . He said the Queen told him : ` I do n't get to give this one out very often ' Special medal : The VC can be awarded to all ranks of the services - and also to civilians - to recognise gallantry in the presence of the enemy . Lance Corporal Leakey showed ` complete disregard ' for his own safety during the firefight in August 2013 . It added : ` Displaying gritty leadership well above that expected of his rank , Lance Corporal Leakey 's actions single-handedly regained the initiative and prevented considerable loss of life , allowing a wounded officer to be evacuated . ' Speaking after the investiture , L/Cpl Leakey said : ` It 's such a great honour and massively humbling to be put among all those people who have received the VC in the past . ` My family are very proud and happy but the lads in the battalion know this is n't something you seek out . ` You just do what you deem necessary on the day and any one of them could be standing where I am today . ` It 's great for my family , my friends , my regiment -- but it does for me highlight the sacrifice everyone 's made in Afghan , not just in terms of the loss of life and limbs but people going away for months on end . ' His parents , Rosemary and Mark Leakey , who saw him receive his medal from the Queen , said : ` It 's been a very emotional , a very moving occasion . ` We 're just so delighted that Josh is here in one piece to receive the honour with his family and all the Paras , especially when you hear that so many VCs are awarded posthumously . ` We were particularly pleased his grandparents were able to be here too -- three generations together and representing all three services : Royal Navy with his grandfather , RAF father and Josh the Army . ' Emotional : Lance Corporal Leakey being hugged by Chief of the General Staff , General Sir Nicholas Carter -LRB- right -RRB- , after he was named as being awarded the VC at Lancaster House in London in February . L/Cpl Leakey is the second member of his family to receive the award , following his second cousin twice removed , Nigel Leakey -LRB- right -RRB- , who fought in the Second World War . Proud family : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey 's uncle Lieutenant General David Leakey , the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod , alongside his brother Ben , mother Rosie and father Mark in Westminster . The wounded US Marine who L/Cpl Leakey rescued described how the Para ran through a hail of machine gunfire to save him . Captain Brandon Bocian said : ` I had n't met L/Cpl Leakey prior to that day but am grateful for his actions . The fact that he chose to leave his position to help me speaks of his courage and character . I am happy to hear that he is being formally recognised . ' L/Cpl Leakey 's distant cousin Sergeant Nigel Gray Leakey received the VC posthumously for his gallantry in an attack on Italian tanks in East Africa in 1941 . The 28-year-old , who was serving in the King 's African Rifles , leapt on a tank , wrenched open the turret and shot dead the crew but was killed trying to repeat the feat on another tank . Born in Kenya , he was the son of Arundell Gray Leakey -- a cousin of Louis Leakey , the prominent Kenyan archaeologist . According to the official citation , the 1 Para hero showed ` complete disregard for his own safety ' as the force came under attack from around 20 insurgents armed with machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades in Helmand province . The firefight lasted for around an hour . ` Displaying gritty leadership well above that expected of his rank , Lance Corporal Leakey 's actions single-handedly regained the initiative and prevented considerable loss of life , allowing a wounded officer to be evacuated , ' the citation said . A US Marine Corps captain was shot and wounded and the force 's communications had gone down . First , Lance Corporal Leakey dashed across a barren hillside which was being raked with enemy fire and undeterred by the ` very clear and present danger ' , he gave first aid to the wounded officer . But with the ` snap and crack ' of enemy fire all around him , he realised that two of his group 's machine gun teams had been surrounded . A member of Lance Corporal Leakey 's regiment in Afghanistan in 2008 , where soldiers were regularly involved in intense fire fights with the Taliban . File photo . Despite being the most junior member of the force he took control of the situation and began the casualty evacuation . He went back up the hill and took control of one of the machine guns -- with bullets ricocheting off the gun 's frame -- before running down again , drawing enemy fire . His ` courageous ' action spurred those around him to fight back with renewed ferocity . But the firefight continued . Lance Corporal Leakey , ` with the full knowledge of the dangers ' , exposed himself to Taliban fire once more . Weighed down with 60 lb of equipment , he ran to the bottom of the hill , picked up a second machine gun and climbed back up the hill . Drawing the majority of enemy fire , with rounds flying past his head , he opened fire . Then he handed over the machine gun to a comrade and supervised the evacuation of the wounded officer . During the battle 11 insurgents were killed and four wounded . The Marine officer made a full recovery .