While David Cameron has long played up to his image as a family man , Nigel Farage has preferred posing with a pint in the pub . But with the general election getting ever closer , the Ukip leader has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote . Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament . Scroll down for video . Ukip Leader Nigel Farage meets local people in Broadstairs , Kent , as he continues his campaign trail for the South Thanet seat at the general election . Mr Clegg was in Kingston and Surbiton to campaign with Cabinet colleague Ed Davey where he met seven - months-old Elise Popperwell and her mother Melissa Popperwell . The Deputy Prime Minister was heckled by anti-tuition fees campaigners during his visit to south west London . A ComRes poll last weekend found Mr Farage trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay , by 1 % with Labour 's Will Scobie just behind on 29 % . The unlikely images of Mr Farage come after the Prime Minister and his Lib Dem deputy Nick Clegg were also snapped on the campaign trail posing for photographs with mothers and their babies . In the last few days alone the Prime Minister has been pictured cuddling babies , brushing his daughter 's hair and even feeding an orphaned lamb . On Friday last week , Mr Cameron was overheard telling his wife Samantha they should have another baby . Mr Cameron looks on as his wife Samantha holds seven-week old Regan in a showhome during a general election campaign visit to a housing development in Chorley last week . Lilli Docherty and her daughter Dakota , left , and Jo White , right , eat lunch as they talk David Cameron , on the election campaign trail near Poole , Dorset . The PM , visiting a young family helped onto the housing ladder through a government help-to-buy scheme , was pictured cooing over a new-born baby held by his wife . Mr Cameron was heard quipping : ` Come on darling , maybe another one ? ' The Prime Minister , already a father of four , later admitted he could not help thinking about having more children when he was around young babies . After sympathising with the couple about sleepless nights he said : ` Whenever I see a small baby I feel broody , but do n't worry , nothing is going to happen on that front . ' Today , Mr Cameron stopped for lunch with supporters near Poole in Dorset , while Mr Clegg spent the day campaigning in South West London and Bath . Mr Farage , meanwhile , sent an email to Ukip supporters pleading with them to help him regain the momentum in Thanet South . Mr Farage asked his supporters to do `` him a personal favour '' and join him on an ` Action Day ' to help deliver leaflets , adverts for Ukip public meetings alongside canvassing on the doorstep . Mr Cameron was joined for lunch in a garden with the Docherty family from Poole as he ramped up his campaign for re-election with an attack on Labour 's tax plan . Mr Cameron feeds orphaned lambs on Dean Lane farm near the village of Chadlington in the Cotswolds yesterday . The plea for help follows comments from Diane James , Ukip MEP for South East England , who told Pienaar 's Politics there were people `` waiting '' to put themselves forward as the next Ukip leader . `` There are people there waiting . When the leadership race is announced , I 'm sure individuals will put their hats into the ring , '' she said yesterday . In a Sunday Times interview , Mr Farage reiterated his intention to stand down as Ukip leader if he fails to make it to the Commons in May .