Not many players have experienced Champions League success on the same scale as former Real Madrid defender Roberto Carlos . The brilliant Brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos , lifting the famous trophy in 1998 , 2000 and 2002 . Here , Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they 've made his Champions League dream team . Roberto Carlos , pictured lifting the Champions League trophy in 2002 -LRB- right -RRB- , has picked his dream team . GOALKEEPER . Iker Casillas . One of the great goalkeepers in history , the titles he has won with Madrid is incredible . To play in goal at 19 years age in a Champions League final is unheard of . Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas lifts the Champions League trophy after victory against Atletico Madrid . DEFENDERS . Cafu . Played with him for many years for Brazil , and I think he is the best right back of my lifetime and of any lifetime . One of the top five Brazilian players ever . Cafu , pictured celebrating a goal for AC Milan in 2004 , played with Roberto Carlos for Brazil . Paolo Maldini . Played against him for Madrid and Brazil , and he always showed so much composure as a defender . The sort of composure you want to be playing alongside . Former AC Milan captain Paolo Maldini won the Champions League on five occasions during his career . Fabio Cannavaro . How often do defenders win world player of the year ? The fact Fabio did , tells you everything you need to know . Fabio Cannavaro , pictured kissing the Ballon d'Or trophy in November 2006 , lines up in Carlos ' defence . Roberto Carlos . I had to pick myself ; the attacking players need some competition when it comes to taking free kicks . Carlos , pictured holding the Champions League trophy in 2000 , has picked himself at left back . MIDFIELD . Clarence Seedorf . You do n't win the Champions League with three different clubs without being a special player , but what many people do not know he is such a leader . He was always ready to teach and to advise . Special player and a special man . Clarence Seedorf , pictured with the Champions League trophy in 2007 , has triumphed with three clubs . Claude Makelele . Playing with Makelele made players feel safe , if you made a mistake he would be there to clear it up . We really missed him when he left for Chelsea . Carlos admits that Real Madrid missed Claude Makelele 's influence when he left the club to sign for Chelsea . Zinedine Zidane . One of the all-time greats , what Zizou could do with a football will be remembered forever . An honour to say I have played with him . Zinedine Zidane scores a memorable goal against Bayer Leverkusen in the 2002 Champions League final . ATTACK . Ronaldinho . Magic feet , but was not just about tricks -- he created and scored the goals to match his ability . Ronaldinho kisses the Champions League trophy after helping Barcelona beat Arsenal in 2006 . Luis Figo . He was so good ; he used to give me such a hard time when we played Barcelona . When he signed for Madrid I thought excellent , until I then realised I would get a hard time every day in training . Carlos celebrates a goal with Real Madrid team-mate Luis Figo during a Champions League group stage game . Ronaldo . Born to score goals , any type of goal , he could score them all . A great friend and the most complete striker I have ever seen . Former Real Madrid striker Ronaldo leads the line in Carlos ' Champions League dream team -LRB- right -RRB- .