A 16-year-old schoolboy is warning classmates to avoid the ` Kylie Jenner ' challenge after being left with a bruised face when he sucked into a glass to emulate the Kardashians star 's bee-stung pout . Kevin Coulton from Manchester decided to stick his mouth in the rim of a glass because ` everyone was doing it ' . But the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days . Scroll down for video . Kevin Coulton , 16 , put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout . But the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth . Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller pout . ` It 's a bit stupid . Everyone 's doing it and I just thought I would too . There was n't really a reason , ' he said . ` It really did hurt , and it went all purple and bruised straight away . It has n't gone down three days later . My parents were shocked . ` I did it with a glass . A lot of people say it should be done with a shot glass to do it properly . Everyone in school is doing it . ` But I want to tell people not to . It hurts and the bruising takes ages to go down . ' The new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner 's bee-stung pout -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Scores of youngsters have suffered similar fates after attempting what has now become known as the Kylie Jenner challenge . Capturing their failed attempts in videos and photographs , they have been seen sucking into bottles , shot glasses and plastic beakers to achieve the plumped look . Instead they were left with unsightly bruising or swelling . The craze was sparked after Jenner , 17 , told fans how she used lip liner to make the most of her lips . Denying claims that she has ever had plastic surgery , she encouraged youngster not to be afraid ` to experiment ' with their looks . The worrying trend dubbed the ' #kyliejennerchallenge ' swept social media , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses -LRB- pictured -RRB- .