Model Ciara Nugent may benefit from the right to buy scheme being extended to housing association tenants as her mother plans to buy her a property . Housing association tenants paying cheap rent to live in homes worth millions could get the chance to buy them at discounted prices under new right-to-buy plans . A number of people are currently paying around £ 150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of Mayfair and Covent Garden in London which are owned by housing associations and are now worth several million . Under Conservative plans to give tenants the chance to own their own homes , people living in these plush properties could now get the chance to buy them with discounts of up to £ 102,000 in London , after living in them for cheaper rents . The properties form part of affordable housing because of agreements with developers to provide low-cost provisions when new developments are built over a certain size . Many of them were built years ago in areas which have now become expensive and are worth millions of pounds . This enables tenants to occupy properties worth at least £ 1million for cheap rents , and many tenancies go unreviewed if circumstances change . However the value of the housing stock has raised questions over whether they should be sold to fund more housing . An investigation by the Sunday Times found that 10 properties owned by the Peabody housing association in London are located in the expensive areas of Mayfair and Covent Garden - and are worth between £ 1million and £ 2.2 million . The house used in the recent Paddington Bear film , in Primrose Hill , is also owned as affordable housing . Philomena Nugent , who lives in one of the Peabody flats in Drury Lane , told the newspaper she plans to buy her property for her pregnant daughter , Ciara Nugent , a model based in New York . Scroll down for video . One Housing , which owns 15,000 properties in London , said around 750 of these were worth more than £ 1million . Under plans proposed by the Conservatives the right to buy will be extended to 1.3 million homes , occupied by 2.75 million people . It is aimed at giving more people the opportunity to own their own homes and every house sold will be replaced on a one-for-one basis . But Housing Associations have opposed the proposals to sell their costly buildings at discounted prices , saying it will mean while individual tenants may benefit there will be no affordable housing left for people who need it most . Housing Associations own expensive properties , such as a house used in the Paddington film in Primrose Hill . Paddington Bear was filmed in an exclusive part of Primrose Hill , a property owned by a housing association . They have also said owning property which has recently risen in value allows them to finance future developments . National Housing Federation director Ruth Davison recently branded the scheme the ` wrong ' solution to the housing crisis . She said : ` Halfway through a programme of austerity and in the grips of a housing crisis , if you had £ 20 billion of taxpayers ' money , would you just give it away as a gift to some of the most securely housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents ? ' The original right-to-buy scheme saw more than 1.5 million council homes being sold off at discounted rates , and became one of Margaret Thatcher 's best known policies . At the moment housing associations , which receive public money and loans to provide affordable housing , are exempt from the scheme . Around 800,000 people have a ` limited right to acquire ' , and are eligible for maximum discounts of £ 16,000 . Some tenants who are currently paying around £ 150 a week to live in the expensive London districts are keen to take advantage of the right-to-buy plans to try and buy their properties . However some insist even with the discount of up to £ 102,000 in London they will still be unable to buy their homes . How does right-to-buy work ? Introduced in 1980 , it gives council house tenants discounts to buy their home . Labour dropped its opposition to the policy but , in 1999 , Tony Blair 's government cut the top discount from £ 50,000 to £ 38,000 and sales slowed . What has the Coalition done ? It has sought to reinvigorate the scheme , cutting from five to three the number of years tenants need to have been in a home before they can buy it and upping the discounts to a maximum of £ 77,000 for most areas . Are housing association tenants covered ? Housing associations -- autonomous , not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes -- are largely exempt . However , around 800,000 HA tenants have a limited ` right to acquire ' with discounts capped at between £ 9,000 to £ 16,000 . The other 500,000 tenants lack any right to buy . What are the Tory proposals ? They would legislate to give all housing association tenants full right-to-buy . Tenants in houses would get a 35 per cent discount , increasing by 1 per cent for every extra year they have been a tenant . Those in flats will get a 50 per cent discount , going up 2 per cent every year . Discounts for houses and flats would be capped at the lower of 70 per cent or £ 102,700 in London and £ 77,000 across the rest of England . How will this be paid for ? The Tories say they will make councils sell off expensive properties when they become vacant . Council homes that rank in the most costly third of all properties of that type in their area will be sold off . Around 15,000 such properties become vacant each year , because tenants die or move . The sell-off could net £ 4.5 billion a year . What about the proceeds ? They will be split , with a proportion used to replace on a ` one-to-one ' basis the council homes sold off . The new properties would be more affordable , probably in less expensive locations , and could be built either by a council or housing association . Another slice of the proceeds would be used to fund the new right-to-buy discounts for housing association tenants . The rest would go to create a £ 1billion fund , enabling councils to bid for cash to develop brownfield land for housing . It would enable them to clean up derelict or contaminated land , and could lead to 400,000 new homes in five years , Tories say .