Manchester United took another step closer to securing a Champions League spot as they thumped rivals Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon . Louis van Gaal 's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours and just one point adrift of Arsenal who currently occupy second place in the division . Here 's how Sportsmail rated each player ... Manchester United -LRB- 4-1-4-1 -RRB- . DAVID DE GEA 6.5 -- More effective with his feet than his hands , coming out of his box time and again to clear . Will be disappointed to let in Aguero 's second . ANTONIO VALENCIA 6.5 -- Kept City 's threat at bay down the right and even switched to the left at one point to stop Aguero setting up an almost certain goal . PHIL JONES 6 -- Caught ball watching for the first goal and looked ponderous at times , but also made some crucial interception tackles . David De Gea celebrates during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Manchester City . Phil Jones in action with Jesus Navas during the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday . CHRIS SMALLING 6.5 -- Selected ahead of Marcos Rojo , made up for his needless red card in the Etihad derby earlier this season by scoring United 's fourth . DALEY BLIND 6 -- Got forward well and was involved in two of United 's three goals but looked susceptible to the pace of Navas on defence . MICHAEL CARRICK 7 -- His calming influence in midfield was so important for United again , and also produced several timely interceptions . Marouane Fellaini helps Manchester United take the lead at Old Trafford as Joe Hart looks on in anguish . JUAN MATA 7.5 -- Two goals against Liverpool and now one against City , Mata finally looks as though he is settled as a United player and deserved his standing ovation . ANDER HERRERA 6 -- More solid than the eye-catching performances of late , but played his part in maintaining United 's midfield dominance . MAROUANE FELLAINI 7.5 -- A familiar story for United 's unlikely hero . City never really got to grips with his awkward presence and took his goal well . Wayne Rooney jumps on top of the Belgian goalkeeper as Manchester United celebrate at Old Trafford . ASHLEY YOUNG 8 -- Quick reaction to score United 's first goal and provided the deliveries for another two for Fellaini and Smalling . Young 's remarkable renaissance under Louis van Gaal continues . WAYNE ROONEY 6.5 -- Had less impact in a 4-1 win than you might have expected but still played a key role for the team and set up the third for Mata . Subs : Rafael , Rojo -LRB- for Jones 75 , 6 -RRB- , Di Maria -LRB- for Mata 81 , 5.5 -RRB- , Falcao -LRB- for Fellaini 83 , 6 -RRB- , Januzaj , Valdes , McNair . Scorers : Young , Fellaini , Mata , Smalling . Booked : none . Spanish midfielder Juan Mata takes on fellow countryman Jesus Navas at Old Trafford on Sunday . Manchester City -LRB- 4-4-1-1 -RRB- . JOE HART 5.5 -- Will be unhappy that he allowed Fellaini 's header to creep past him at the near post but had little chance with the others . PABLO ZABALETA 5 -- Caught out for United 's first goal and struggled to get forward as much as usual but set up Aguero 's second . VINCENT KOMPANY 5 -- Cleared to play despite a hamstring problem but seemed to aggravate it in a rash lunge on Blind that could have been a red card . Subbed at half-time . Martin Demichelis and Joe Hart celebrate as Sergio Aguero scores at Old Trafford . MARTIN DEMICHELIS 6 -- Solid enough despite losing his centre-back partner at half-time and getting an arm in the face from Fellaini . GAEL CLICHY 5 -- The Frenchman 's break from deep helped set up City 's opener , but it was his man who scored on both occasions as United surged into the lead . JESUS NAVAS 5 -- Failed to beat De Gea with a great early opportunity and continues to lack a cutting edge despite his searing pace . Former Arsenal defender Gael Clichy slides in for the ball against Manchester United 's Ashley Young . YAYA TOURE 6 -- Great vision with some of his passing but the big Ivorian is still not imposing himself on games as much as he used to . FERNANDINHO 5.5 -- Fantastic early challenge on Herrera but faded after that as United came back to take control of the game . JAMES MILNER 5.5 -- Skied one attempt into the Stretford End like he was kicking at Twickenham . A frustrated figure when he was subbed after being fouled by Jones . DAVID SILVA 6 -- Got the assist for City 's first goal but outshone by Mata and was booked for fouling his Spanish compatriot out of frustration . Manchester City defender Vincent was booked and subbed as they crashed to defeat at Old Trafford . SERGIO AGUERO 7 -- Ca n't argue with two goals in a derby game away from home but United were home and dry by the time the second went in . Subs : Fernando , Nasri -LRB- for Milner 63 , 6 -RRB- , Dzeko , Kolarov , Caballero , Lampard -LRB- for Navas 74 , 5.5 -RRB- , Mangala -LRB- for Kompany 46 , 6 -RRB- . Scorer : Aguero 2 . Booked : Milner , Silva , Kompany . Referee : Mark Clattenburg 7 . Star man : Ashley Young . Louis van Gaal -- 7 . Manuel Pellegrini -- 4 . Phil Jones lunges in on Manchester City ace Sergio Aguero as the Argentinean takes sight of goal .