It is one of the most dangerous sports in the world and one in every 15 bull rides ends in an injury of some sort . But that is n't enough to stop hundreds of child riders , some as young as seven , from taking the hot seat each year . Among them is Lance Lara , 10 , from Fort Worth in Texas , who has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year . Bouncing around : A young bull rider takes on a bullock -LRB- steer -RRB- at a rodeo in Fort Worth , Texas . But each time he gets on a bullock , a castrated male , he risks life and limb , and has already been trampled on several times . That , however , is not enough to stop his father TJ , himself a former bull rider , from entering Lance , his older brother Joe , 15 , and his sister Jayden , seven , into competitions all over the US . ` It 's about taking chances and these kids , that 's what they 're doing , ' he explains in an interview with Channel 4 's Unreported World . ` They 're taking chances and as parents we 're taking a chance . This is a very dangerous sport and you ca n't take it kiddish and -LSB- be -RSB- playing around because that 's when you can get hurt . ' Bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the US and events staged by the PBR , the professional bull riders ' association , are watched by up to half a billion people around the world each year . Ouch ! Most bull riders are speedily thrown off - a good result is eight seconds . Hitting the deck : An estimated one in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort . Starting small : The youngest children hone their skills on sheep before graduating to calves . But as the stakes get higher , pressure to breed bulls that are more athletic , more vicious and bigger than ever before has increased - including in the junior division . For Cody Custer , a former bull riding world champion , it is becoming too dangerous . ` You take a young teenage boy and put him on a bull that 's got a massive pedigree , ' he explains . ` It would be kind of like putting a young 13 , 14 year old footballer against an NFL player . It 's just not even . ' Another young bull-rider , 16-year-old Trey , who has been knocked out several times by oversized bulls , agrees . ` The breeding system nowadays is getting so intense and so hard-core , it 's not even realistic . ` The more stuff they breed and the more stuff they do , it 's making bucking harder and harder . It 's crazy . ' That , however , is n't enough to quell the Lara family 's enthusiasm . All three children started when they were barely more than toddlers , honing their skills on sheep in a sport known colloquially as ` mutton throwing ' . Not happy : Even the calves , such as the one pictured , can pack a hefty punch if enraged . Moving on : The next step is to ride bullocks -LRB- castrated young males -RRB- before culminating in big bulls . Tough task : Bullocks , who are often approaching the size of a full-grown female , are no easy ride . Now seven , Jayden , the youngest , has graduated onto calves while Lance takes on bullocks and Joe wrangles bulls . But of all the Lara children , it is Lance who takes the sport most seriously , training for two hours a day , every day , in a bid to achieve his ambition of becoming a PBR rider . He has also suffered several injuries . ` I was hanging upside down and next thing you know I was on the ground , ' he recalls . ` Stepped on . ' Determined not to show his family up , the 10-year-old says he managed to hold back his tears until he left the arena . ` Most of all the things that daddy says is : do n't cry in the arena , ' he explains . ` I cried in the back pen . ' Despite the hard work and the injuries , Lance 's fledgling career has proved lucrative , with the boy earning an impressive $ 5,000 last year . Big guns : Teenagers begin with small bulls but , should they make professional , graduate onto big ones . Aggressive : Bulls bred for rodeo are becoming increasingly large and athletic . This money is being put towards paying for college and TJ could n't be more proud . ` I think he feels the pressure he puts on himself , ' he says . ` You know the pressure of wanting to win , wanting to be number one . I always tell him I 'm going to throw you to the wolves , you either come back leading the pack or you get eaten . ` He 's always been one of the smaller guys . It 's something to kind of motivate him , pump him up . ' He does , however , worry about the increasingly large bulls involved . ` Lance has eight more years before he can even think about riding here -LSB- in the main arena -RSB- , ' he says . ` Just think if these bulls are bucking this hard and are this rank right now , what are they going to be like in eight years when he 's there ? ` If it continues the way it is , the sport of rodeo the way it is , it 'll no longer be a bull riding , it will be just a bull bucking competition . It 's all about money . '