A church preacher is being held on suspicion of murdering his pregnant British wife in a hotel room in Ghana . The body of Charmain Adusah , 41 , was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days . Her husband , Eric Isaiah Adusah , a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher , was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died . Whirlwind romance : Charmain and Eric Adusah , who were married last September , were said to have argued during stay , according to local reports . He told hotel managers at the time that his three-month pregnant wife was ill and did not want to be disturbed . A close family friend claimed last night that Mr Adusah , 28 , flew back to London but later returned to Ghana after his wife 's body was found by concerned hotel staff who used a spare key to check on her after she failed to answer the door . Mr Adusah , originally from Ghana , is being held in police custody in the African country on suspicion of murdering the former NHS radiography assistant , whom he married suddenly last September -- following a whirlwind romance -- in a wedding which shocked her family and friends . His wife , whose maiden name was Speirs , already had an eight-year-old son from a previous relationship in Wales . Christmas wishes : The couple pictured on a Christmas card . Adusah is the leader of Global Light Revival Ministries church based in Tottenham , north London and has been active as a preacher in Britain since 2010 . But the boy has not yet been told the awful news and was staying with his father , a British man , last night . Mr Adusah is the leader of Global Light Revival Ministries church based in Tottenham , north London and has been active as a preacher in Britain since 2010 . He has led sermons he describes as ` divine visitation ' events across the UK and Ireland , receiving £ 1million in charitable donations in five years and giving sermons on religious satellite television channels . A close family friend last night accused Mr Adusah of being a ` wolf in sheep 's clothing ' , telling The Mail on Sunday : ` We think he brainwashed her . ' Mrs Adusah -- who was considered the ` First Lady ' of her husband 's ministry -- grew up in Arbroath in Scotland , and studied a degree in photojournalism at Swansea University . She worked as a radiography assistant in the Welsh NHS and later separated from the father of her son . She was described as a ` free spirit ' who started following Mr Adusah 's church around two years ago . They started a relationship early last year and married in September in London . The couple had travelled to Ghana early this month so Mr Adusah could preach at a three-day religious conference hosted by controversial evangelist ` Bishop ' John Yaw Adu , who has been exposed for chaining up mentally ill patients at ` prayer camps ' for days on end so he could ` heal ' them through prayer . Local reports claim Mr Adusah and his wife had argued at the start of the trip and he had booked himself into a budget motel alone , leaving her to stay with Bishop Yaw Adu . Happier times : The body of Charmain Adusah , left , was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath . Husband Eric Isaiah Adusah is being held on suspicion of her murder . Arrest : Eric Isaiah Adusah , a Ghanaian British based Pastor , has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his pregnant British wife Charmain Spears . After the conference ended , the couple apparently reconciled and checked into the Mac-Dic Royal Plaza Hotel in Koforidua , where they booked in for five days on March 16 . The upmarket hotel has security gates and tropical gardens . The couple were said to have argued over the length of their stay , according to the reports , with Mrs Adusah apparently wanting to stay in Ghana for a month but her husband saying it was far too long . Mr Adusah is said to have left the hotel at dawn the next day and warned reception that his wife did not want to be disturbed . But hotel managers became concerned when she still had not left the room and would not respond to knocks on the door . On March 20 hotel porters used a spare key to gain access to the room . A spokesman for Criminal Investigation Department -LRB- CID -RRB- at the police headquarters in Koforidua said Mrs Adusah was ` found dead in the bath lying prostrate with a white towel wrapped around her , almost in a decomposed state ' . Her close friend Christine Stephen , 42 , of Camberley , Surrey , who has known Mrs Adusah since childhood , told The Mail on Sunday that the family did not hear about her death until March 21 . She said : ` I spoke to Charmain 's family and they said Eric had been in touch on that Saturday to say she had died . He said he was flying back to Ghana to identify her body on Sunday . Tragic : Charmain Adusah was found face down in a bath by hotel staff in Ghana . The Global Light Revival Ministries , founded by Eric Adusah in 2010 , is a revivalist evangelical movement registered as a British charity and has received more than £ 1m in donations . It hosts gatherings across the UK and Ireland . He also told them he had returned to England because he had a three-day church event he had to attend here . But he was vague about the details of what happened , saying she had wanted to remain out there to help underprivileged children . ` Charmain 's family could n't get hold of him after that Saturday , presumably because he had been arrested back in Ghana . ' Mrs Stephen said none of her friends took to him . ` We thought he tried to cut her off from us , that he had brain-washed her . What person declares himself a prophet ? Charmain was religious but she was n't a pastor . ' Mrs Stephen said the family wants to go to Ghana and repatriate their daughter 's body but they can not afford it . Charmain 's mother Linda Speirs , 61 , last night said she had been given legal advice not to comment . A Foreign Office spokesman said : ` We confirm the death of a British national in Ghana . Mr Adusah has not requested consular assistance . ' A representative of Mr Adusah 's church said : ` There is no story . She died of natural causes . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .