A couple of months ago they were a struggling comedy sketch group trying to make ends meet . And now the three Australian models whose video of themselves miming along to Queen 's Bohemian Rhapsody went viral have travelled to the US to make appearances on chat shows . Their original video , ` Bohemian Carsody ' and the follow-up , ` Mime Through Time , ' have now garnered a staggering 260 million views across several social media platforms including YouTube and Facebook . Scroll down for video . Hitting the big time : Shae-Lee Shackleford , 28 , Lana Kington , 25 , Madison Lloyd , 27 were interview on The Ellen Show . Lifelong dream : Shackleford revealed that ` Be on Ellen ' was on her diary list of ' 100 things I want to do before I die ' Shae-Lee Shackleford , 28 , Lana Kington , 25 , Madison Lloyd , 27 , are quickly capitalising on their success , booking appearances on The Ellen show and Good Morning America this week . The trio were interviewed by Ellen De Generes on Tuesday , and revealed that the moment fulfilled a lifelong dream . Shackleford told the daytime host that she wrote a list of ' 100 things to do before I die ' in her diary in 2011 . Number five on the list was to ` Be on Ellen ' . Live miming : The trio performed a live version of their latest video Mime Through Time . Quick change ! The girls had to quickly don wigs and costumes to pull off the sketch in real life . TV stars : The girls were pictured filming a segment for Good Morning America in Times Square on Wednesday . Hi mum ! Shae , Lana and Madison have hit the big time , appearing to audiences of millions in the US . The comedy group to Ellen that they had been struggling to make ends meet a year ago when they came up with the idea of filming themselves in their car miming to music . In March , their parody of Bohemian Rhapsody went viral , quickly racking up millions of hits on YouTube and attracting the attention of Queen guitarist Brian May , who contacted the girls to say he was a fan . SketchShe were even credited by Billboard magazine for causing a 261 per cent surge in streaming of the original track . Their next video weeks later has surpassed the views of Bohemian Carsody . Mime Through Time , which sees the girls change costumes in quick succession as they mime to hit songs from the 1940s through to today , currently has 21.66 million hits on YouTube and 27.9 million on Facebook alone . During their appearance on Elle , Shackleford , Kington , and Lloyd performed a shortened version of Mime Through Time live . Next up was in interview on Good Morning America - both shows attract international audiences in the millions , and are sure to raise SketchShe 's profile significantly . Viral : The girls rose to fame for their YouTube videos which see them miming to songs in their car . Nude road trip : In their latest video , Mime Through Time , they appear naked in one scene to parody Mile Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball . Sensations : SketchShe 's videos have so far been viewed 260 million times across social media . Earlier this month the comedy trio spoke to Daily Mail Australia about their sudden rise to fame . ` We had no idea it would have such an incredible response , ' Shackleford said . ` The fact that we 've had people writing to us from around the world ... I do n't think there 's been a country or continent that has n't reached out and written to us to say they loved it . ' She told DMA that the reason she thinks they 've struck a chord with such a global fan base is that their song choice was so relatable , people love the song , it transcends the age and at some point in time everyone has had a ` rock out ' to it . Mime Through Time : Their second hit video also features them dresses in Sixties clothing to mime to ` Help ' by The Beatles . Britney baby : A ` Baby one more time ' scene pokes fun at Spears ' 2007 meltdown . Elvis in the house : Elvis 's ` Hound Dog ' sees them mimicking the King . The women met through a shared model agency , but say their aim is to break convention and go against how good-looking women are seen by being a bit ` crazy ' and - gasp - funny . ` Unlike what might be synonymous with an attractive girl , we want to be crazy , let our hair down , and break the rules a bit , ' she said . ` But we still like to wear make-up and dress up - we just want be able to make fun of what we do while empowering women to be comfortable in their own skin . ' Getting thrifty : Fur coats and bling showcased in the mime of Macklemore 's ` Thrift Shop ' Painting the town : Face paint featured as key costume in Gotye 's ` Somebody that I used to know ' Going ghetto : Gangster moves and flipped up hoods for Dr.Dre and Snoop Dogg 's ` The Next Episode ' Shackleford admits that one scene in Mime Through Time -LRB- which was filmed in the car of her dad 's back drive way -RRB- was a risky one . The girls appear naked to parody Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball . ` When I first told mum she said `` oooh , I do n't know '' but then when they saw it they cracked up and think it 's a great joke ... My mum was more shocked by the fact I looked so much like my brother in the slim shady scene ... which I 'm not sure is a good thing . ' The girls only use the bare essentials to produce the clip . ` The first time we had a bra in the car so we taped the iPhone to it and propped it up that way , but this time we upgraded to a block of wood , but it 's still very dodgy , ' said Shackleford .