Magistrates at Rotherham Magistrates Court took just 15 minutes to find Ms Gaynor not guilty . A mother-of-two was locked in a police cells for six hours and put on bail for seven months before being put on trial for chopping back tree branches hanging over her garden . Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree , after a complaint was made by her next door neighbour Kay Daye , as part of a long-running boundary dispute . But magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty , saying that she had acted with good intentions . The court heard how council officials had told Ms Gaynor that she could trim the tree near her home in Rotherham but physically refused to show her how much . However , the prosecution then told of how her pruning of the tree ` went way beyond the lawful excuse ' and caused ` unnecessary damage ' . Adam Walker , prosecuting , said that any trimming of a tree belonging to someone else could be criminal damage and that Ms Gaynor had lawful excuse , which she had exceeded . He said : ` In July 2014 , Alan Hepinstall , a council mediator , visited Ms Gaynor 's home . ` Mr Hepinstall told Ms Gaynor she could cut overhanging branches back vertically and in line with the boundary but did not show the defendant what he meant . ` There remains one disputed issue of fact and that 's the state of the tree before it was pruned . ' Neighbour Mrs Daye then told the court that before the tree had been cut last September , it was in a good condition but after she pruned it , ` it was terrible , all chopped back and dead . ' However , Helen Shepherd , mitigating , said the conifer had already been dying in the middle which had created a gap but the top of the tree was healthy . Ms Gaynor confirmed to the court that she had a 90-minute meeting with three council officials at her home last July . She said she asked Mr Hepinstall to demonstrate how to cut the branches as she ` did n't want to get in any trouble . ' Her daughter , Hayley , also told the court Mr Hepinstall refused to show them because he ` did not have the time . ' Ms Gaynor went voluntarily to Main Street police station in Rotherham following the complaint of criminal damage but said she had been reassured she would not be arrested . She added : ` I did n't have a solicitor with me so I feel I was coaxed in . ` I went into the interview and the police read me my rights . I told them I could not understand what ` rights ' meant . ` Then the officer slammed his book shut and said : ` Right , I am now going to arrest you ' . ` For all the scandal in Rotherham at the moment to think that the police and council have time , money and resources to waste on such a silly thing as a tree is disgusting . ' Mr and Mrs Daye have refused to comment on the case . Michael Quinn , a senior district prosecutor with the Crown Prosecution Service , Yorkshire and Humberside , said the incident followed an acrimonious eight-year long neighbour dispute . Karen Gaynor , next to the hedge that she pruned , that ended up with her being locked in a police cell for six hours , put on bail for seven months and being put on trial for criminal damage . Ms Gaynor 's neighbour Michael Daye . A complaint was made about the hedge as part of a long-running boundary dispute . He said : ` The allegation was that the damage to the tree went well beyond pruning and that it had been hacked back to little more than a stump . ` A caution was not available as no admissions to the offending were made and so the police took the decision to charge the suspect . ` We respect the decision of the Magistrates ' Court and note that it made no criticism of our case . ' Under common law , you can cut back a branch from a tree that overhangs or encroaches on your property . The conifer hedge in this case formed the border between the gardens of Karen Gaynor and her next door neighbours . At dispute was whether she had cut back too much of the hedge . The law allows a householder to carry out limited pruning from their own side . However they are not allowed to trespass on their neighbour 's property or alter the height of trees and hedges . The work must be carried out carefully to avoid damage or cause the tree to be unsafe . The prosecution was brought under a charge of criminal damage . This may have been because prosecutors considered the damage caused to the hedge was intentional and related to a neighbour dispute . Rotherham Council 's housing and estate services manager Paul Walsh said the matter of the ` boundary hedge ' would normally have been discussed between neighbours but the ongoing dispute made this impossible . He said : ` Ms Gaynor was provided with appropriate advice about what she could reasonably and legitimately do . ` Clear and concise instructions were given and the officers did not leave until they were satisfied that those instructions were understood . Ms Gaynor was also advised to act reasonably . ' Michael Quinn , a senior district prosecutor with the Crown Prosecution Service , Yorkshire and Humberside , said the incident over the hedge , pictured , followed an acrimonious eight-year long neighbour dispute . The hedge in between Ms Gaynor and Mrs Day 's homes . Ms Gaynor went voluntarily to Main Street police station in Rotherham following the complaint of criminal damage . He said the decision to prosecute was made by the police and CPS . While a South Yorkshire Police spokeswoman said the council had provided them with a statement that demonstrated that permission was not granted for the tree to be cut . She added : ` Police received complaints about criminal damage that the complainants felt had been caused intentionally . ` A thorough investigation was conducted that resulted in a woman being charged and brought before the courts . '