The skull of a 66-million-year old Triceratops is expected to raise almost $ 2 million at auction . Known as Lung Wong , or the Dragon King , the fossilised item is said to be the world 's largest intact dinosaur skull , measuring 9.2 ft -LRB- 2.8 metres -RRB- long . The auction is open now and the fossil is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts at Evolved . The Dragon King dinosaur skull -LRB- pictured -RRB- is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve . It is more than 95 per cent complete bone , is 9.2 ft -LRB- 2.8 metres -RRB- long , 5.2 ft -LRB- 1.6 metres -RRB- high and 4.6 ft -LRB- 1.4 metres -RRB- wide which is said to make it the world 's largest example of such an item . The last time something of this size and quality came to market was when a Tyrannosaurus Rex fossil named ` Sue ' was sold for £ 5.6 million -LRB- $ 8.5 million -RRB- in 1997 . The rare Lung Wong fossil was first discovered in 1992 when rancher Ray Novakovich in Glendive , Montana reportedly found the tip of one of the dinosaur 's horns . Owing to its size and a lack of resources , though , it was n't excavated until 2003 - and since then is said to have changed hands a number of times . It has also been restored and preserved into its current condition . The skull is more than 95 per cent complete bone , is 9.2 ft -LRB- 2.8 metres -RRB- long , 5.2 ft -LRB- 1.6 metres -RRB- high and 4.6 ft -LRB- 1.4 metres -RRB- wide . The skull belonged to a male Triceratops that lived 66 million years ago . The fossil - first found in Montana in 1992 - is expected to fetch $ 1.8 million -LRB- £ 1.2 million -RRB- at auction . However , the experts have not revealed when the auction closes and MailOnline has contacted it for more information . In a statement from sellers Evolved , the firm said that a fossil ` of this magnitude and quality is only very rarely available for private sale anywhere , and never before in Asia ' . The largest previously recorded Triceratops skull measured 8.2 ft -LRB- 2.5 metres -RRB- long but the creatures ' skulls were said to average at 7ft -LRB- 2 metres -RRB- . In a statement released by Evolved , the firm said that a fossil ` of this magnitude and quality is only very rarely available for private sale anywhere , and never before in Asia . ' However , the experts have not revealed when the auction closes and MailOnline has contacted it for more information . The name of the fossil is inspired by the symbol of ` strength , good fortune and longevity ' in Chinese culture - the dragon . The size of the skull apparently also suggests it might be an entirely new species . The largest previously recorded Triceratops skull measured 8.2 ft -LRB- 2.5 metres -RRB- long , but the creatures ' skulls were said to average at around 7ft -LRB- 2 metres -RRB- . ` If this -LSB- theory -RSB- is confirmed , the owner will be entitled to name the species for posterity , ' the group selling the skull added on its official website . However , some experts have bemoaned selling such a prized fossil to a private benefactor , rather than placing it in a museum . ` Commercially sold fossils kept in private collections can not be studied by paleontologists because they can only publish research on fossils stored in museums or similar institutions , ' said Dr. Michael Pittman , a research assistant professor at the University of Hong Kong , reported Shanghaiist . This dinosaur lived in the late Cretaceous period , from about 68 to 66 million years ago , in what is now North America . It is known for its three recognisable horns , the two largest being 3.3 ft -LRB- one metre -RRB- long and a shorter one on its nose , with its name translating as ` three-horned face ' from Greek . It is thought to have shared its landscape with the Tyrannosaurus Rex , and may have also been preyed upon by the fearsome predator . Triceratops were herbivorous , with low growth being their food of choice owing to their low heard . The exact purpose for its horns is not fully understood , though . The favoured theory is that they may have been used for courting , although combat was also a possibility . The creature was rather large , reaching up to 29ft -LRB- nine metres -RRB- in length and 10ft -LRB- three metres -RRB- in height , and it weighed up to 26,000 lbs -LRB- 12 tonnes -RRB- . It is believed to have been wiped out in the Cretaceous-Paleogene -LRB- K-Pg -RRB- extinction event 66 million years ago .