A Michigan father convicted of abusing his then-11-week-old daughter who might lose parental rights to his only child claims his baby was never abused . Joshua Quincy Burns , formerly of Brighton , was sentenced to three years ' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month . Joshua Burns and and his wife , Brenda Burns , say he is innocent , and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi 's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014 . He claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home . His now-one-year-old daughter suffered several injuries , including seizures , hypothermia , hypotension , bradycardia , apnea and retinal hemorrhages . But the couple call it ` an accident ' , not child abuse . Scroll down for video . Joshua Burns -LRB- right -RRB- was sentenced to three years ' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse after his daughter Naomi -LRB- in his arms -RRB- suffered several injuries . He and his wife Brenda Burns -LRB- left -RRB- maintain Joshua Burns 's innocence . Brenda Burns has refused to allow social workers and Michigan 's Department of Human Services to see Naomi , according to the Livingston Daily . She was not charged criminally in the case , and a civil jury - when the state was seeking to end parental rights - found Brenda Burns not accountable for Naomi 's injuries . The couple started a website called TornFamily in hopes of raising awareness of their situation and reunite their family . They will also be sharing their story on an episode of Dr Phil on Monday , and Joshua Burns maintains his innocence throughout the episode . ` I never abused my daughter , ' he claims in the preview for the show . Joshua Burns claims he never abused little Naomi , and she suffered injuries after she slipped off his lap while he was ending a phone call with his wife and in an attempt to save his daughter from hitting her head on a coffee table he grabbed her by the face . Brenda Burns -LRB- right -RRB- has fled from Michigan to Colorado with Naomi in an attempt to escape being watched by DHS . Their oversight has been put on hold until a June hearing where Joshua Burns 's parental rights will be determined . After the incident , baby Naomi suffered several injuries , including seizures , hypothermia , hypotension , bradycardia , apnea and retinal hemorrhages . ` Then why are you in jail ? ' Dr Phil asks in return . Brenda Burns claims that a Child Protective Services worker and five police officers entered their home and searched her house when the incident occurred . ` I literally thought : Do you have the right family ? ' she said to Dr Phil . Brenda Burns 's attorney Elizabeth Warner said that the mother has the right to not be monitored by the government , and ` certainly not by the agency that takes children ' because she was not held responsible for the injuries and is seen as ` the fit parent ' Earlier this month , Judge Miriam Cavanaugh said the DHS 's supervision of Naomi would continue but is on hold pending the decision as to whether or not Joshua Burns will continue to have parental rights , according to the Free Press . Joshua Burns continues to claim he 's innocent . In an episode of Dr Phil airing Monday , he says , ` I never abused my daughter ' Even though her husband has been jailed , Brenda Burns supports her husband and agrees that the incident was ` an accident ' , not child abuse . Brenda Burns fled to Colorado to avoid being watched DHS , which she believes is unconstitutional . Naomi 's court-appointed attorney has reportedly seen the child and says told the Livingston County Circuit Court that the baby is doing well . Warner , Brenda Burns 's attorney , said that Naomi is ` doing very well ' and that ` she 's pretty advanced for her age ' . She said : ` You can see pictures of a sick child with tubes in them and think she 's going to be brain damaged forever . ` In fact , if this was a misdiagnosis as we think it was , I think the fact Naomi is so well really supports the parents ' position this was n't abuse . It was a misdiagnoses by a doctor . ` It 's something she recovered from . ' The hearing over the potential termination of Joshua Burns 's parental rights is in June . To donate to the Burns 's family cover legal debts , an appeal case and Brenda Burns 's attempt to end DHS 's oversight , visit the couple 's website .