A 16-year-old girl sobbed in court as she faced the parents of three classmates who died after the SUV she was driving crashed last August . Julia Ware , who was 15 at the time of the accident , appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale , Pennslyvania , on Wednesday . The families of Shamus Digney , Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher - who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors . After the hearing was over , a grieving father branded Ware , of Pleasantville , New York , a murderer . Scroll down for video . Julia Ware -LRB- center -RRB- accepted responsibility for three homicide by vehicle felony counts in a Pennsylvania court . Shamus Digney -LRB- left -RRB- , Cullen Keffer -LRB- center -RRB- and Ryan Lesher -LRB- right -RRB- , all 15 , were killed during the accident . Lisa Lesher held a picture of her son Ryan as she entered the Wayne County Courthouse on Wednesday . The tenth grader accepted responsibility for three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury . She struggled with her emotions throughout the proceedings and tried to avoid eye contact . Her father , Michael Ware , is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter , endangering the welfare of children and other charges for allegedly allowing Ware to drive , the Bucks County Courier Times reported . A written statement from Ware claimed the man gave her permission to drive so she could go pick up breakfast , according to the Times-Tribune . No trial date is set for the 53-year-old . Ware will be back in court within a month for the juvenile equivalent of sentencing and there are some who feel she should be treated as an adult . Ware was speeding when she lost control and her SUV rolled over in Paupack Township back in August . The father of one of the dead boys , Ed Lesher , said : ` She knew she was wrong . ` She knew she should n't have been driving . She knew she was going fast . ` The boys were telling her to slow down . She did n't slow down . ` She thought it was funny to go faster . She murdered three boys , one of them my son Ryan . ` She should be punished like her father . ' The dead boys ' loved ones wore shirts that had CRS written on the back in honor of Cullen , Ryan and Shamus . Family and friends of the three dead Council Rock High School South students carried signs and photos . Ware , who is now 16 , will be back in court within a month or so for the juvenile equivalent of sentencing . Family and friends of the three dead Council Rock High School South students showed up at court wearing identical shirts and carrying signs and photos in honor of their loved ones . The shirts had CRS written on the back in honor of Cullen , Ryan and Shamus . One sign read : ` Be a parent to your child before being a friend . ' Another said : ` Charge Julia Ware as an Adult . ' During the crash , which occurred over Labor Day weekend in Paupack Township , two other passengers in Ware 's 2001 Chevrolet Suburban were injured , WNEP reported . Police think the unlicensed driver was speeding when she lost control of the SUV . It rolled over several times during the deadly accident . John Stieh , who represented Ware , said : ' -LSB- The Ware family has -RSB- done nothing but express the deepest of sorrows since this happened . ` You saw the torment that girl had today . You saw the upset . ' The seven other offenses Ware was originally charged with were dropped after her admissions .