The number of immigrants from Africa and the Caribbean has been increasing in recent years and they now account for almost ten per cent of the overall black population in the United States . Foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980 , but they accounted for 8.7 per cent of that group in 2013 , according to a report from the Pew Research Center . With 3.8 million foreign-born blacks already living in the United States , the center estimates 16.5 per cent of the US black population will be comprised of immigrants by 2060 . The nearly 586,000 Haitians -LRB- above -RRB- in the US account for about 15 per cent of the black immigrant population . Foreign-born blacks were 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980 , but made up 8.7 per cent of group in 2013 . About 50 per cent of the black immigrant population hail from the Caribbean and 36 per cent come from Africa . Immigrants from Jamaica and Haiti make up approximately a third of the foreign-born black population , while immigrants from Ethiopia , Nigeria and Ghana make up about 15 per cent of the population , according to the Pew Center . Most of the immigrants are from Jamaica and Haiti . Overall about 50 per cent of the black immigrant population hail from the Caribbean , while 36 per cent come from Africa . Immigrants from Central and South America account for most of the remaining population . The immigrant increase is especially notable in cities with large black populations . In the Miami metro area , about 34 per cent of blacks are foreign-born compared to 28 per cent in New York City and 15 per cent in Washington , DC . The majority of the 40 million US-born African Americans trace their heritage to African ancestors brought to America as slaves . The shift is causing the black population in the US to become less homogenous , the Washington Post reported . Black immigrants tend to be older , more likely to have a college degree and less likely to live in poverty than the US-born population , according to the Pew report . Foreign-born blacks are also more likely to be married and have a higher income . Demographer William Frey said : ` Just because they 're new immigrants , they have different needs and patterns , probably in terms of language in many cases , in terms of assimilation . ` And so they probably should n't be confused with native-born blacks in lots of ways , who have their own needs to be addressed . '' The Ethiopian New Year Celebration in Washington in 2012 . There are about 191,000 Ethiopian immigrants . Foreign-born blacks are more likely to be married and mostly have higher incomes than the US-born population . Immigrants from Jamaica -LRB- above -RRB- and Haiti make up approximately a third of the foreign-born black population .