Robbie Knievel has been arrested for allegedly driving under the influence in Butte , Montana - the town his daredevil father Evel Knievel helped make famous . Knievel , 52 , was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles , police said . No one was injured . After the crash , Knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away , according to Butte-Silver Bow Undersheriff George Skuletich . In court : Robbie Knievel , pictured in court on Wednesday , was arrested for DUI in Montana after crashing into another car on Tuesday evening and setting off a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars . Officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol , but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample , the Montana Standard reported . Knievel was booked into jail . On Wednesday , he made his initial appearance in Justice Court . He has been in the area , where he has family , for a couple of weeks , authorities said . Skuletich says Knievel invoked his rights to an attorney but did n't give officers a name . The son of the famous daredevil Evel Knievel has previously admitted to being an alcoholic and pleaded guilty to DUI in South Dakota in August 2013 . Like father like son : Robbie is pictured jumping 21 Hummers at Texas Motor Speedway in June 2008 . Icon : American daredevil and entertainer Evel Knievel poses for a portrait before a stunt in 1976 . In that incident , he drove his vehicle into two motor homes as he left a campground and a blood-alcohol test suggested he was nearly three times the legal limit . He received a suspended jail sentence and paid nearly $ 600 in fines . His driver 's license was also suspended for 30 days . Following the arrest , he spoke with ` TMZ Live ' and admitted that he had an alcohol problem . ` I 'm a frickin ' drinking , driving daredevil , ' he told the show . ` I ride motorcycles and I friggn ' drink and ride ... that 's my deal . ' They also asked him how he would feel if he hurt someone while he was behind the wheel . ` I should n't be drinking and driving 'cause I could kill somebody , ' he said . ` And you know what , it would be better if I killed myself . ' Together : The two Knievels are pictured together in 2006 - the year before Evel passed away , aged 69 . Knievel appeared in his father 's stunts as a child and has continued working as a daredevil in his own right , while his older brother , Kelly , overseas the Knievel brand . Among his most famous stunts , Robbie Knievel , a father-of-two , jumped over the Grand Canyon in May 1999 - succeeding where his father had failed years earlier . To complete the jump , which was televised by Fox , he soared 228 feet -LRB- 69 meters -RRB- across a narrow part of the canyon on his a 500 cc motorcycle . Evel Knievel , who famously jumped lines of cars and buses , and attempted to hurdle sharks , canyons and anything else , passed away in 2007 , aged 69 .