While Indonesia 's plan to execute Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan has not dented Australian tourist visits to the island , a proposed alcohol ban could . The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year , with more arriving than any other nationality . Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals . A proposed ban on alcohol in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali . An Indonesia expert says Australian tourists are more worried about a proposed booze ban there than the execution of the Bali Nine pair , Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- left -RRB- and Andrew Chan -LRB- right -RRB- . Mr Taylor says legislation proposed by two Islamic parties banning consumption of all beverages containing more than one per cent alcohol is considered more of a worry , and could become law as early as the end of this year if backed by President Joko Widodo . Also of concern is a review of foreign property ownership . Mr Taylor said mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban , which would be broadened but not apply to certain locations to protect tourism , such as five-star hotels . He said the proposal had ` horrified ' authorities in Bali . Mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban , which would be broadened but not apply to certain locations to protect tourism , such as five-star hotels . ` My own view would be that common sense would prevail ... but I 'd be cautious in saying that because there are some of the more pronounced religious groups throughout Indonesia really gaining momentum now , ' Mr Taylor told AAP . ` In Aceh , they 've introduced Sharia law . Very strictly . Even foreigners can be arrested in Aceh for not dressing appropriately . ' Mr Taylor said nationalist sentiment was running high , with Indonesian authorities reviewing every property to ascertain whether it was being held on behalf of a foreigner . ` A lot of them are , ' he said . ` The state will either resume that property or offer the nominee the option of just keeping it for themselves , with no legal comeback from the foreign owner . ` So if you take that and the alcohol thing I think it 's really symptomatic of a disturbing trend - and Indonesia is a country that stole my heart so I 'm not anti-Indonesia - of the Jokowi government showing all the signs of being naive , dysfunctional and lost at the moment . ` Just drifting off into thought bubbles . '