It 's the hallowed turf where the modern day game of rugby was born when one of its pupils picked up a football and ran with it in the early 19th century . Rugby School is known as the spiritual home of the game , with the World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of the schoolboy called William who made the daring decision to disregard the rules in 1823 . Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport , alongside its own rich history of ` muscular Christianity ' led by its most famous headmaster , Dr Thomas Arnold who is credited with transforming Rugby School 's values in an effort to build pupils ' characters . Here is modern-day portrait of a historic British institution , by photographer Neil Hall . The inspiration : A statue at Rugby School depicting the moment pupil William Webb Ellis picked up a football and ran with it during a match in 1823 , in an action said to be the beginning of the modern game of rugby after pupils wrote their own set of rules . In the shadow of history : A school plaque marks Webb Ellis ' run , calling his decision to pick up the ball ` a fine disregard for the rules ' Service : Pupils attend chapel at the historic independent school , where team sport has been played for hundreds of years . Still thriving : A pupil catches a line-out throw supported by fellow players on the fields of Rugby School where the sport is still played . Practice makes perfect : A young player shapes to pass during a training session at the Warwickshire institution . Proud history : Older pupils share a meal in a boarding house , in sight of the achievements of their predecessors including cups and caps . Artefacts : An early rugby ball dating from 1850 , left , and a cap worn by a pupil on his presentation to Queen Adelaide in 1839 . Historic : A printed book of rules for the game of rugby , left , which was carried on the pitch by players and a cap embroidered with names of opponents and dates of matches . Both items are displayed at the school , which is a tourist attraction for rugby fans . Making their mark : Desktops containing the names of hundreds of former pupils are also exhibited at Rugby School . Order among the chaos : The first handwritten rules of the game of rugby , dated August 28 , 1845 , are viewable at the school 's museum . Father of Rugby School : The chapel grave of Dr Thomas Arnold , the headmaster who transformed the school 's values and is credited with the ` muscular Christianity ' ideal of the Victorian era . Former pupil : Britain 's first prime minister of WWII , Neville Chamberlain , attended Rugby . He was succeeded in office by Winston Churchill . Rich tradition : Pupils at the school walk to lessons . It can cost families of those who board there more than £ 31,000 a year .