1 . Lewis Hamilton -LRB- Mercedes -RRB- 68 . 2 . Sebastian Vettel -LRB- Ferrari -RRB- 55 . 3 . Nico Rosberg -LRB- Mercedes -RRB- 51 . Nico Rosberg was brooding , his face stony , his eyes fixed on the middle distance and his fingers intermittently clapping in anger . He was sitting next to Lewis Hamilton -- as close as the German had got to his Mercedes team-mate all afternoon of the Chinese Grand Prix -- at a post-race press conference fizzing with recriminations . Rosberg , whose usual coiffured , Euro-chic sheen had vanished , alleged that Hamilton had selfishly tried to spoil his race . The record states that Hamilton won , Rosberg was second and Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel third . But Rosberg feared he might be overtaken by Vettel before the second round of pit stops when Hamilton , then leading from pole position , slowed down a few fractions of a second -- to conserve his tyres , he said . Lewis Hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers ' championship after winning the Chinese Grand Prix . Lewis Hamilton led the field on the run down to Turn 1 and never looked back as he claimed his second victory from three races . Hamilton stands on top of his Mercedes and salutes the crowd after claiming the fourth victory of his career in China . Hamilton points to his team after extending his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship after three rounds . Nico Rosberg is left with champagne on his face after finishing second . 1 . Lewis Hamilton -LRB- Britain -RRB- Mercedes 1:39:42.008 . 2 . Nico Rosberg -LRB- Germany -RRB- Mercedes +00:00.714 . 3 . Sebastian Vettel -LRB- Germany -RRB- Ferrari 00:02.988 . 4 . Kimi Raikkonen -LRB- Finland -RRB- Ferrari 00:03.835 . 5 . Felipe Massa -LRB- Brazil -RRB- Williams-Mercedes 00:08.544 . 6 . Valtteri Bottas -LRB- Finland -RRB- Williams-Mercedes 00:09.885 . 7 . Romain Grosjean -LRB- France -RRB- Lotus - Mercedes 00:19.008 . 8 . Felipe Nasr -LRB- Brazil -RRB- Sauber - Ferrari 00:22.625 . 9 . Daniel Ricciardo -LRB- Australia -RRB- Red Bull - Renault 00:32.117 . 10 . Marcus Ericsson -LRB- Sweden -RRB- Sauber - Ferrari 1 lap . 11 . Sergio Perez -LRB- Mexico -RRB- Force India - Mercedes 1 lap . 12 . Fernando Alonso -LRB- Spain -RRB- McLaren 1 lap . 13 . Jenson Button -LRB- Britain -RRB- McLaren 1 lap . 14 . Carlos Sainz Jr -LRB- Spain -RRB- Toro Rosso - Renault 1 lap . 15 . Will Stevens -LRB- Britain -RRB- Marussia - Ferrari 2 laps . 16 . Roberto Merhi -LRB- Spain -RRB- Marussia - Ferrari 2 laps . 17 . Max Verstappen -LRB- Holland -RRB- Toro Rosso - Renault 4 laps . r. Pastor Maldonado -LRB- Venezuela -RRB- Lotus - Mercedes 7 laps . r. Daniil Kvyat -LRB- Russia -RRB- Red Bull - Renault 41 laps . r. Nico Hulkenberg -LRB- Germany -RRB- Force India - Mercedes 47 laps . -LRB- rank : r = retired , nc = not classified -RRB- . Fastest Lap : Lewis Hamilton ,1 : 42.208 , lap 31 . Rosberg asked the team to get Hamilton to speed up , an instruction they issued and one with which the Briton complied . ` I was n't controlling his race ; I was controlling my own race , ' said Hamilton , indignantly . ` I had no real threat from Nico . ' But Rosberg said : ` It 's interesting to hear from you , Lewis , that you were just thinking about yourself with the pace . That opened up the opportunity for Sebastian to try that early pit-stop to try and jump me . ' Hamilton countered : ` My job is to manage the car and bring the car home as fast as possible and that 's what I did . I did n't do anything intentionally to slow the cars up . ' Boys , boys . It took a little longer last season for the old karting friends to sling so much mud in public . We are only three races into a 19-round saga and the brickbats and mutual suspicions are already tumbling out . It was easy to sympathise with Rosberg but difficult to agree with him . Even though he was somewhat stronger here than during the opening two race weekends , he must be reaching his wits ' end , frustrated to distraction , wondering how on earth he can possibly beat Hamilton when he is on form . It seems , to this cod psychologist , that it was Rosberg 's deep exasperation that led him to behave as he did . Niki Lauda , the Mercedes chairman , came to his not guilty verdict immediately after the race . ` We have first and second , ' said the three-time world champion . Hamilton salutes the crowd as he makes his way on to the podium to collect his trophy for winning the Chinese Grand Prix . Daniel Ricciardo -LRB- left -RRB- and Daniil Kvyat battle for position on track - the latter was forced to retire after an engine failure . Hamilton is covered in champagne by Rosberg as the Mercedes pair celebrate a one-two finish . ` I do n't care if there is a quarrel , as long as Vettel is only third . One thing is clear : Lewis had pole and controlled the race from beginning to the end . There 's nothing more to say . True , Lewis will drive selfishly . These guys are egocentric b ****** s . It is the only way to win the championship , and Nico is the same if the s *** hits the fan . Lewis was better this weekend . ` There is no friendship out there . When you race you have to fight , that 's it . ' For Hamilton it was a fourth victory at this extravagant confection of a track , the circuit where he suffered one of the blackest moments of his rookie season , ending up in a gravel trap , his championship hopes devastated in 2007 . He again finished the race at a relatively low speed as marshals failed to clear Max Verstappen 's crippled Toro Rosso . The safety car came out . Anti-climax though it was , a giant roar erupted from the 29,000-strong main grandstand as the chequered flag was waved for Hamilton . He was congratulated over the radio for having ` the full house ' : pole , fastest lap and race win . It was a flawless performance . The race posed many tantalising questions . The first was whether Ferrari could match Mercedes in the temperate Shanghai climate , as they managed in Malaysia a fortnight ago ? They were some way off in the end but clearly close enough to spook Rosberg . They will keep Mercedes on their toes , and that is balm for the sport . Hamilton takes great pleasure in spraying champagne over a grid girl as he celebrates his victory at the Shanghai International Circuit . Rosberg appeared glum on the podium after losing out to team-mate Hamilton at the third consecutive race . Hamilton , who has provided emphatic answers to every question asked of him since taking last year 's title , made the perfect start . He inclined his car right on the grid , covering Rosberg next to him , before darting through the first , right-hand corner in front . Contest over before it started . An honourable mention for 17-year-old Verstappen , who drove his Toro Rosso with great elan . He put his car down the inside of Marcus Ericsson 's Sauber , causing Max 's father and former racer Jos to exhale in relief as he watched the dangerous move from the garage . He then applauded in admiration . Alas , Verstappen 's engine gave up on him and he left his machine parked on the start-finish straight . Red Bull 's woes continued with Daniil Kvyat 's Renault engine billowing grey smoke into the Shanghai air . Their other car , driven by Daniel Ricciardo , was ninth . McLaren were even less successful than Red Bull , again . Jenson Button was demoted a place to 14th , having collided with Pastor Maldonado 's Lotus . Button 's team-mate Fernando Alonso was 12th after being lapped by Vettel , his replacement at Ferrari . Vettel was smiling afterwards , but not as widely as Hamilton . Max Verstappen starred once more following a number of thrilling passes , but he failed to make it to the end of the race after his engine expired . Jenson Button , who finished 13th , was involved in a collision with Pastor Maldonado towards the end of the race .