Prince William is due at the Cenotaph on the same day the Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth . Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on an official engagement next Saturday -- the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth . Despite the clash , the Duke of Cambridge plans to do ` everything he can ' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph on April 25 , Kensington Palace said yesterday . A spokesman for William said : ` The Duke 's intention is to be at the commemorations . Being the 100th anniversary , it is very important to him . ' Although her due date has not officially been confirmed , the Duchess of Cambridge told wellwishers at a charity event last month : ` I 'm due mid-April , to the end of April . ' Palace sources later said the actual date was April 25 . The Duke committed to being present at the commemorations in February and , according to aides , plans to play things by ear . ` We will have to see what happens , ' said a senior aide . ` The Duchess has said the baby is due the second half of the month but we do n't know exactly when the baby will arrive . ' Should Kate , 33 , go into labour while the Duke is at work , he faces a dash across the country to get to St Mary 's Hospital in West London in time . He is currently training for his new job as an Air Ambulance pilot at three airbases in Cambridge , Norwich or Gloucestershire . Despite reports that there is a helicopter on stand-by , the Duke , 32 , will make the journey by car instead . The Mail on Sunday has also learned there will be a new line-up in the delivery room at St Mary 's Lindo Wing for the couple 's second child . Leading obstetrician Guy Thorpe-Beeston will be in charge of the birth , a spokesman for the couple confirmed , assisted by the Queen 's Surgeon-Gynaecologist Alan Farthing , who had been tipped to take the lead role . Mr Farthing was second-in-command to the now retired Sir Marcus Setchell at the birth of the Royal couple 's first child , George . William is currently training for his new job as an Air Ambulance pilot at three airbases in Cambridge , Norwich or Gloucestershire . ` Both names will be on the notice of birth posted outside Buckingham Palace , but it will be Guy Thorpe-Beeston who will take charge , ' the spokesman added . ` He 's an obstetrics specialist and that 's why he 's in the lead . ' Mr Thorpe-Beeston , a specialist in high-risk pregnancies , works at London 's private Portland Hospital and on Harley Street , where he has 18 years ' experience . He was made Surgeon-Gynaecologist to the Royal Household last year following his role in the delivery of George on July 22 , 2013 , also at the Lindo Wing . The consultant -- who is believed to have looked after Kate when she was sick with hyperemesis gravidarum during her first trimester -- will be the first person the Duchess calls when she goes into labour . He has cleared his diary so he can be solely on call . Mr Farthing , 51 , who was engaged to TV presenter Jill Dando at the time of her murder , is a specialist in gynaecological cancer care . He has a private Harley Street practice . Mulberry double breasted pink coat . Sold out ! Click to check out the current collection ! Visit site . It 's her final day of official engagements before the birth of Royal baby number two . And the Duchess of Cambridge is definitely going out in style ! She joined her husband in London , where they are visiting three projects , and of course she looked as elegant as ever . And if you wanted a hint as to whether she 's expecting a prince or princess , you 've got a clear clue ! She recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry -LRB- whose newest model is none other than Cressida Bonas ! -RRB- . It 's the same coat we spotted Kate wearing whilst in New York last December and we love the double breasted style . This gorgeous shade of fuchsia is perfect to add a pop of color to your new season wardrobe and if you thought the pink coat trend was so last year then think again . Thanks to labels like Burberry Prorsum and Gucci it 's back stronger than ever . Of course , this autumn/winter 2014 collection topper is now all sold out , but click -LRB- right -RRB- to check out the Mulberry coats currently available to buy . Alternatively , we 've found plenty of pink options on the virtual high street to help you make like Kate , ranging in price from Missguided to Red Valentino . REDVALENTINO hot pink coat at Net-a-Porter . Visit site . Asos Maternity pink coat -LRB- now reduced to $ 94 -RRB- . Visit site . Missguided cocoon coat -LRB- now reduced to $ 40 -RRB- . Visit site . Asos cocoon fit coat . Visit site . Kate Spade Talia coat at Neiman Marcus . Visit site .