With luxury plane suites pushing the boundaries of lavish travel , the upstairs-downstairs-style divide between economy and suites is continually growing . And now Airbus is set to introduce an extra seat to each row of its Airbus A380 model , squeezing yet more passengers onto each plane . From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed , and a fourth class introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat . Scroll down for video . Tight squeeze ! Airbus are set to cram an extra seat into their Airbus 380 in the middle section . The change is due to come into place in 2017 . The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers , Zodiac and Geven , have agreed to deliver the seats . The addition of the centre seat will change the current configuration from 3-4-3 to become a 3-5-3 set up . At the moment the company uses First , Business and Economy class , but there will soon be the addition of ` budget economy ' , cleverly branded as Choice Economy . Some critics have gone as far as calling the new set-up ` economy minus ' . Senior Vice President of Marketing for Airbus Christopher Emerson , told trade publication Leeham News and Comment : ` Ninety per cent of world travellers are economy but not all are homogeneous . ` We want to give a choice to the 90 per cent of the economy passengers . They are going to be the driver of the growth , the doubling of growth in the next 15 years . ' Miraculously the inclusion of an additional seat will not alter the seat width for economy ticket holders . Currently the width is 18in , which falls in line with the aircraft manufacturer 's manifesto 18 months ago to adopt that size as an industry standard . Airbus claims a rearrange of the cabin has enabled it to maintain this width and squeeze in the extra seat . The width of the arm rest , however , will change , with the aircraft adopting a slimmer version . The launch was announced in Hamburg this week , despite customer Emirates Airlines confirming it would not pursue the new arrangement for its aircraft - reportedly over fears the new design could affect its reputation for quality economy seating , according to trade publication Aviation Week . Airbus Vice President-Cabin Innovation and Design Ingo Wuggetzer said at the Aircraft Interiors Expo that more innovation should be going into economy cabins . ` In the past most innovation went into premium products , but that is only for six per cent of the travellers , ' he said . The Airbus A380 will be advertised as having 544 seats instead of 525 , and Emerson said the additional revenue per aircraft would be $ 20m per year . ` That 's the equivalent of 40 per cent fuel burn reduction , ' he explained . How the other half live ! Rich fliers can enjoy private three-room suite for a luxurious first-class experience . Luxury surroundings : The Airbus 380 cabin is one of the quietest and most spacious in the sky .