Former Young Divas singer Kate DeAraugo has made the shock revelation she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight . Speaking on KIIS 106.5 's The Kyle and Jackie O Show on Friday , the Australian Idol winner spoke out about her battle with mental health , and the surgery she had to help her lose a staggering 68 kg . At her heaviest , the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs . Scroll down for video . Candid confessions : Kate DeAraugo talked to Kyle Sandliands and Jackie O about her drug-taking past . She said that it was after her stint on Young Divas that she began to spiral out of control , eating herself ` into a mess ' . ` After Young Divas -LSB- in 2008 -RSB- I basically lost the plot and went into hiding , ' she said . ` Drugs , depression , the lot . ` I 'm always dieting . It 's always been up and down but after that I really lost the plot and I just ate myself into a mess , ' she added . When Kyle Sandliands , 43 , asked the 29-year-old singer if her weight gain caused her to turn to illegal substances , DeAraugo agreed , but declined to divulge too many details on what she was taking . She replied : ` Everything and anything . I was out of control in every aspect of my life . ' ` You were masking your pain with whatever you could ? ' Kyle asked , to which the singer said ` yes ' and went on to agree when he suggested there were times when she would wake up not knowing where she was . The Maybe Tonight singer said she also believes her expanding waistline and depressive state were the reason why a relationship she was in at the time ended . ` I stuffed up an amazing relationship during that time , ' she said . At her heaviest DeAraugo weighed 127.5 kilos , but after undergoing dramatic gastric sleeve surgery in May 2012 , she lost a staggering 68 kg . In her candid interview , Kate said her wake-up call came when she got out of the shower once day and was out of breath . Shaping up : The Maybe Tonight singer underwent sleeve surgery in May 2012 to help her lose weight . The blonde songstress turned her back on music during her dark times and even tried her hand at a ` normal ' job for a while , before deciding that enough was enough and she needed to pursue her passion of singing . She explained : ` There was so much stuff going on at that time and I was a bit broken by it , I think . I thought , I ca n't get this right , it 's not working , stuff it and I gave up on myself . ' She added ; ` And then I woke up one morning and thought , What are you doing ? You love music , you love singing , just get yourself together . ' The brunette beauty underwent her extreme weight loss surgery three years ago . She had a large chunk of her stomach cut away to prevent overeating and lost the staggering 68 kilos . After beating the bulge , her confidence has now sky rocketed , and she 's preparing to release her new independent single , Shut Your Mouth , along with a music video next month . ` There 's a few singles lined up and there 's a lot of angst in it all , ' she explained to Kyle and Jackie O. Hitting the right notes : Kate is preparing to release her new independent single , Shut Your Mouth . Despite many being impressed by her slim down physique , some fans have taken to social media to hit out at the star for being ` lazy ' and using the surgery as an easy way out . ` It 's different for everybody and this is what I needed to do for me . And it 's worked for me and I 'm happy and I 'm feeling the best I 've felt in my adult life , ' she said . Meanwhile , Kate is currently penning her autobiography , Confessions Of A Fallen Idol , giving her fans more of an insight into her struggles .