Curtly 's war cry . West Indies received an animated pep talk from bowling coach and legendary paceman Curtly Ambrose . Ambrose , who terrorised many a batsman during the 1990s , looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 in the morning session . But Alastair Cook and Co will be happy to see the big man beyond the boundary rope rather than thundering down the wicket towards them himself . Curtly Ambrose 's pep talk to West Indies bowlers must have worked on day two as they rolled over the tail . Battling Jordan . England 's ninth man in Chris Jordan played out an interesting duel with former Barbados team-mate Justin Holder - a close-fought battle which yielded nine runs from 27 balls , including two boundaries . Aside from Jordan 's knock and Anderson 's quickfire 20 , England 's tail suffered a torrid morning -- they began the day on 341 for five and were all out for 399 by lunch . West Indies bowler Jason Holder used to be a Barbados team-mate with Chris Jordan . Viv 's verdict . As well as a good morning with the bat , Jordan had a decent time with the ball after lunch . The Sussex seamer removed Darren Bravo for 10 early on , but not everyone was impressed . ` His run-up is rather ungainly , ' Sir Viv Richards said . ` He looks as though he should have a javelin in his hand . ' Jordan jumps for joy after dismissing Darren Bravo for 10 on the second afternoon in Antigua . 21 -LRB- years -RRB- not out . Shiv Chanderpaul 's Test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days -- the 40-year-old has spent more of his life as a cricketer than not . The batsman made his Test debut in 1994 against England , whose team that day was : M Atherton , A Stewart , M Ramprakash , R Smith , G Hick , G Thorpe , I Salisbury , J Russell , C Lewis , A Fraser and A Igglesden . Shiv Chanderpaul 's Test career for the West Indies has lasted over 21 years . Confusing review . The Decision Review System at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium caused prolonged confusion on Tuesday . Umpire Billy Bowden was unmoved by protests after Jordan was struck on the knee-roll by Holder , so the decision was reviewed . Without Hot Spot or Snicko , the third umpire spent a few minutes examining the replay before deciding Jordan had the finest of edges -- only for the ball-tracker graphic to finally appear and show it was completely missing the stumps . KP worry . Kevin Pietersen had an injury scare when he was struck on the right hand while fielding at leg slip and fell to the ground . The Surrey batsman , after being hit by a top edge from Oxford 's Steve Leach , stayed down initially before leaving the field . He did not return after tea . Kevin Pietersen suffered an injury scare during Surrey 's match against Oxford MCCU . Fab Charlotte . England women 's captain Charlotte Edwards received her CBE from the Queen on Tuesday . The 2008 women 's cricketer of the year is a fabulous role model for women 's cricket and an incredibly successful captain . It can only be a matter of time before she becomes Dame Lottie ... England women 's cricket captain Charlotte Edwards received her CBE from the Queen on Tuesday .