Groups of football fans are responsible for thuggish behaviour on trains on a weekly basis , a senior police officer has said . The warning by British Transport Police -LRB- BTP -RRB- Chief Constable Paul Crowther came ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem , which has come under scrutiny in recent months following a number of high-profile incidents . The latest figures for this football season show that BTP has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far , including a number with a racial element . Five Chelsea fans were caught on film directing racist abuse towards a black passenger in France . Fans appeared to be chanting on the Paris Metro train : ` We 're racist , we 're racist and that 's the way we like it ' Mr Crowther said : ` Sadly this type of casual thuggery is occurring just about on a weekly basis on our trains , with a sizeable minority who are behaving in a threatening , loud and sometimes racist way to the great terror of people who are using the system to get about and do their day-to-day business . ' He said the impact on ordinary passengers is ` unacceptable ' , adding : ` We are in danger of saying those types of experiences are OK . ` Is that the sort of society we really want ? I do n't think it is . We have n't solved this type of behaviour and we need to work together to change it . ` We are saying ` Why do people think this is acceptable on trains ? ' You do n't see this sort of behaviour on an aeroplane , for example . ' Police believe the scale of football-related crime on the transport network may be higher than the figures show . Mr Crowther said : ` We think it is under-reported and we think that might be because people are intimidated or frightened . ' Supporters have come under scrutiny -LRB- none of the fans pictured are necessarily referred to in the story -RRB- . He said the problem was a ` very complex issue ' and required a cultural change . ` What I am not looking for is more of the same , ' he said . ` I do n't think it is an issue we can arrest our way out of . ' Representatives from football , police and other organisations , as well as those affected by football thuggery , are attending the summit , which is the first of its kind . In February a storm erupted after Chelsea supporters were filmed allegedly singing racist chants as a black man was prevented from boarding a train in Paris .