It 's hard to imagine exactly what is going on in the heads of parents who would give their daughter a name like ` Airwrecker ' - an alternative spelling to ` Erica ' - but apparently , such a thing exists . A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours , and turned up a treasure trove of bad parental judgement calls . FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples , including the names ` Orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories , and ` Mazen ' , because ` it was ` mazen ' -LRB- amazing -RRB- when the child was born . Unlucky : A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours , and FEMAIL has compiled the top 12 . ` There is a girl in my school named Gennah Tyles . With a G , ' wrote one submitter . ` It 's like her parents wanted to name her genitals . ' ` I work at a bank in North Florida and have been keeping a list of names I come across , ' wrote another . ` My favourite so far is definitely I ' munique . It was on her ID and everything . ' Sadly for the owner of this moniker , as another user pointed out , her every introduction would have to be : ` Hello , I 'm I ` munique . ' One submitter reported a friend having named her child ` Britney Shakira Beyonce ' , claiming : ` They would call her by the full name every time . ' The user who submitted the name Orgasm wrote : ` As the daughter of a labor and delivery nurse , I 've heard an abundance of terrible baby names , but I 'd have to say this is by far the worst ! Sadly , I 'm not kidding . ' A handful of people warned against the pitfalls involved with combining two names into one . ` A friend of my sister-in-law worked in a maternity ward and saw a kid named after her grandparents , John and Veronica . Her name was Vejonica , ' one wrote . Three-in-one ! One submission was the name ` Britney Shakira Beyonce ' , which the mother would say in-full every time she addressed her baby . A user known as RhymesW added a contribution : ` Orgasm . As the daughter of a Labor and Delivery nurse , I 've heard an abundance of terrible baby names , but I 'd have to say this is by far the worst ! Sadly , I 'm not kidding . ' ` According to my friend Hellzel , her mother liked the name Hazel but her dad was a biker and loved Hells Angels , so they came up with this mess , ' another remarked . ` Boy Boy ' was also submitted , by a user who insisted this was not a first and middle name , just the first name of a child he knows . 1 . Obamaniqua . 2 . I ` munique . 3 . Boy Boy . 4 . Hellzel . 5 . Abstinence . 6 . Britney Shakira Beyonce . 7 . Vejonica . 8 . Gennah Tyles . 9 . Mazen . 10 . Like . ` Abstinence ' was another shocker . ` I predict she will be pregnant by 16 , ' mused the submitter . ` This very young couple , who had just had a baby , were so obsessed with Facebook they decided to name their child Like , I kid you not , ' wrote another . More than a few users mentioned the name Obamaniqua as being the real name of children they had come across , which is defined by Urban Dictionary as : ` A ghetto-fabulous African-American that loves president Barrack Obama . ' Several users trudged up celebrities as being good examples of bad name-givers , specifically Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin for naming their daughter Apple , Kim Kardashian and Kayne West for their tot North West , and Lil ' Kim , for naming her daughter Royal Reign . Perhaps none were quite so morbid as the name ` Lucifer ' , which belonged to a ` little blonde boy with bright blue eyes ' at the school of one submitter , and who was apparently ` a very creepy kid . ' As for the most popular baby names in the UK for 2014 ? Sophia , Emily and Lily for a girl , according to BabyCentre 's annual survey , and Muhammad , Oliver and Jack for a boy .