Eager customers have waited up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes including 21inch TVs at the opening of a new Aldi store . The company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when the store in Avlaston , Derbyshire , was officially opened at 8 am this morning . More than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut . More than 200 people were found queuing outside the new Aldi store when it officially opened its doors at 8 am this morning . To mark opening day , the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors . Ivy and Brian Bacon came all the way from Basford in Nottingham and queued from 10 pm last night to get their hands on a 21.5 inch television . Ivy Bacon , 20 , was delighted to win the top prize . She said : ` It 's brilliant , absolutely . It does n't feel real , we never win anything . ' Former Derby County player Craig Ramage , who commentates on his former team 's games for BBC Radio Derby , cut the ribbon at the event . He said : ` I think it 's perfect . It is easy access and I ca n't believe how many people turned up this morning . ' Built on an area of overgrown land next to a petrol station , the store will create 29 jobs -- 12 full-time and 17 part-time -- and will have a car park . Permission for the store was granted by Derby City Council in July . Aldi 's arrival comes after Tesco pulled the plug on plans to build a large store nearby earlier this year . The company has also made a £ 250 donation to the council to support its ongoing activities for the community and has donated a range of children 's treats and baby products to Alvaston Children 's Centre . Some of the company 's ` Specialbuys ' will be available at the new store for bargain-hunters to get their hands on . It is one of 60 Aldi stores opening across the UK this year . Former Derby County player Craig Ramage , now a BBC radio commentator , cut the ribbon of the new Aldi store .