Armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the UK from Cyprus in his luggage -LRB- file picture -RRB- . A holidaymaker who jetted off to Cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage . Paul Armstrong , 26 , of Sunderland , flew to Cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an IT project manager . But after a spending spree on the trip , Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage . A court heard how the stun gun was capable of administering an electrical discharge which would cause a victim to ` startle and repel ' . Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it . Judge John Milford QC told Newcastle Crown Court : ` The general public need to be warned about the gravity of bringing home such souvenirs . ` What he did was foolish . It must be realised that the court takes very seriously the bringing into this country of those items . ` A stun gun is , within the legislation of this country , a firearm . It is an extremely serious offence to possess one . ` It is highly undesirable that they should be in circulation in this country . ' The 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs at Newcastle Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The judge said a prison sentence was not necessary in Armstrong 's case as there was no suggestion he would use the weapons , had never been in trouble before and had recently found employment . Judge Milford added : ` He had an extremely good job lined up . As a consequence of these proceedings , which he had to reveal to his perspective employers , he lost that job . ' As such , Armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs . Glen Gatland , defending , said ; ` He has never been in trouble with the police and is of previous good character . ` He went on holiday to Cyprus with four friends -LRB- in the summer of 2013 -RRB- who had been to primary school together . ` The reason he went was because he had been offered a job as IT project manager with retail branches in London and Zurich . ` He would have been moving away and not able to see his friends . ' The court heard three of the friends who had been on the holiday with Armstrong received warnings after batons and knuckle dusters were found in their luggage . Mr Gatland said the weapons were bought from a ` corner shop ' in Cyprus and Armstrong had been given the knuckle duster free with his other purchases .