It 's being billed as the Euro-derby in Madrid and depending on who you support the precedent is either last season 's Champions League final or the six games that have been played between Real and Atletico since then . In Monday 's pre-match press conference almost every question asked to Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti made reference to the fact that in six Madrid derbies this season Real are yet to win a single game -- losing four and drawing two as Atletico have beaten them twice in the league and in the Spanish Super Cup and the Copa del Rey . But a remarkably relaxed Ancelotti , showing the kind of form in press room that he will hope his players show on the pitch Tuesday , reminded everyone that his team did not need to win . Two draws could see them go through so what was the problem ? He said he did n't see Barcelona 's slip on Saturday night against Sevilla because he was at the cinema ` enjoying a film ' and when he was asked about Atletico Madrid 's threat from set-pieces he responded : ` Do n't forget we won the Champions League with a set-piece last season . ' Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti says he is not obsessed with Atletico Madrid ahead of Tuesday 's clash . Madrid-based papers Marca -LRB- left -RRB- and AS are looking ahead to the Champions League quarter-final first leg . Sergio Ramos -LRB- centre -RRB- scored an injury-time equaliser for Real as they beat Atletico 4-1 aet in the Champions League final last season at Benfica 's Stadium of Light in Lisbon . However , Atletico are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this term and dumped Real out of the Copa del Rey . His reference to Sergio Ramos ' injury-time goal against Atletico Madrid in Lisbon that levelled Diego Godin 's header and allowed Real to run in riot in extra-time will have struck a chord with Real supporters who in the build-up to the game have been busy reminding their rivals that while they may have won none of the last six meetings they did come out on top in the match that mattered more than any other . Real Madrid are at full strength for the game and that seems to have left Ancelotti as upbeat and confident as at any time so far this season . He toyed with his Spanish inquisitors when they questioned him about whether or not Gareth Bale would start the game . The Welshman was rested at the weekend but will be in the XI on Tuesday night . ` If Bale is not 100 percent fit he will not play because we have everyone available ' said Ancelotti leaving a pregnant pause . But as the possibility that Spanish favourite Isco might start the game presented itself the Italian coach added : ` But he is 100 percent . ' He added : ` Bale was fantastic last season but had been really good this season . He came good in the big finals scoring in the Champions League and Copa del Rey finals so let 's see how he performs now in the final months of the season . ' Gareth Bale -LRB- centre -RRB- is set to start for Real after being rested at the weekend against Eibar on Saturday . Like Ramos , Bale was also on target during Real 's Champions League final success over Atletico last season . The feeling among Real Madrid 's coaching staff is that while Bale has been criticised by the Madrid press for not being the team player that Isco is , his ability to win a big final with a goal or an assist is unmatchable . Anelotti added : ` I am not obsessed with Atletico Madrid , ' mentioning ` attitude ' several times in his positive discourse and admitting that was the key missing ingredient from Real Madrid 's 4-0 defeat to Atletico in February . He said facing Simeone was ` honour and a problem ' and picked out Atletico Madrid 's resilience when asked what their greatest quality was . ` They fight from the first minute to the last , ' he said . Atletico Madrid fans believe that fight will see them overcome Real Madrid for the seventh time this season and the Vicente Calderon will be full for what , with their title hopes now gone , is their game of the season . Real 's swagger has been rediscovered though , wth the return of key players Sergio Ramos , James Rodriguez and Luka Modric . Ancelotti recalled the moment Modric ' corner was headed in by Ramos in Lisbon . ` It 's a wonderful memory , ' he said . ` Now we have the challenge of going for Real Madrid 's 11th European Cup . Real know they face a stern test against an Atletico side that beat them 4-0 when they last met in February . Ancelotti hails pitting his wits against Atletico boss Diego Simeone as an ` honour and a problem ' The return of midfielder Luka Modric -LRB- centre -RRB- from injury has revitalised Real in recent weeks .