The eighth wonder of the world is nearing completion in the seventh tier of English football . In a park in the middle of a working-class suburb east of the city centre , builders are putting the finishing touches to FC United of Manchester 's Broadhurst Park . There are no pyramids , hanging gardens or light houses but there is a sweeping terrace , a series of football pitches and floodlight pylons . FC United of Manchester 's new 5,000-capacity stadium Broadhurst Park is nearing completion . General manager Andy Walsh outside the new ground , which cost the democratic club a whopping £ 6.5 m . This a symbol that there is another way . Another way a million miles away from billion-pound TV deals , fat-cat owners , sanitised stadia and all that many will tell you is wrong with modern football . Set to host Benfica for the official opening on May 29 , the 5,000-capacity stadium will finally end a nomadic decade on the road for the breakaway outfit set up in May 2005 by Manchester United fans sick of being exploited by the club they loved , for whom the arrival of the Glazer family was a step too far . Broadhurst -LRB- some mischievous souls voted for FCUM Hall in the naming poll -RRB- , dismissed by many as an impossible dream , cost around £ 6.5 m. Of that colossal sum around half came from the pockets of the democratic club 's 4,000 members . The rest came from grants with around £ 500,000 loaned by the council . It is a ground for the fans , paid for by the fans . The function room at the new ground is part of a stadium that will also serve the local community . Broadhurst Park is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of Old Trafford , seven miles away across the city . But is it two fingers up at the debt-burdening Americans still in charge seven miles across the city ? ` That 's a daft question , ' says general manager Andy Walsh . ` Establishing this football ground is a statement of what football supporters can achieve if they are given the opportunity , ' he adds . They are strong words from a man who believes in standing up for what he believes in . Far from marching proudly into a new stadium , 25 years ago Andy , now 52 , was nervously stepping into a prison cell for non-payment of poll tax . It was those principles that saw him leave behind a steady job as a driving instructor -LRB- with a wife and two kids to support -RRB- to take his current role leading the rebels with a cause in 2006 and , with a heavy heart , vow never to set foot inside his beloved Old Trafford again until the Glazers were gone . Broadhurst , with its view of the bright lights of Oldham across the valley , is a far cry from today 's Old Trafford . It is also not your identikit , breeze-blocked modern stadium . Behind one goal is a 2,500-capacity terrace , salvaged from Northwich Victoria . The changing rooms at the new ground are simple , but Walsh says the club are ambitious for progress . On matchdays one of the stands will house a food market , with local businesses from Indian takeaways to vegan cafes offering fans their fayre . In the clubhouse supporters will not drink Budweiser , or Aperol Spritz but cask ale from Manchester brewers Joseph Holt . The local brew of the day 's opposition will also be imported for each match while the club is planning to install a microbrewery . Dozens of volunteers have helped to build it . One fan donated a lift . Fruit trees will make it the first pollinator-friendly football ground in the country . Discussions , however , are ongoing over the pies . ` We have to get that one right , ' says Andy , but the provider will be a local firm in line with the club 's policy . The physio room will turn into a medical suite for the community on non-match days and there is a classroom for the club 's academy and for the use of those from the surrounding area . On the back of the main stand there is wooden cladding -- a nod to the wooden sleepers of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company which spawned the first incarnation of Manchester United just down the road in Newton Heath 136 years ago . Walsh explains the plans for the stadium to Sportsmail 's Mike Keegan -LRB- right -RRB- at the new ground . ` We 're a mile away from Northampton Road -LRB- Newton Heath 's first ground -RRB- , ' says Andy . ` We wanted to be within the M60 ring road . That we are so close to where it began is a happy coincidence . ' Andy , born and raised a stone 's throw from the Stretford End , is expecting a 20 per cent rise on the club 's already impressive average attendances of 2,000 as they seek to end four years of play-off heartbreak and gain promotion to the Conference North . It sounds conservative , but he does admit to having one eye on the future and what feels like an inevitable progression to the Football League . ` We 've got an opportunity to use the revenue we generate to invest in our club , ' he says . ` This is not just a ground that has been built for the level we are at . We want promotion this year and we will continue to press our way up the leagues as resources allow . ' So will Andy , whose side need a maximum of five points from their remaining three matches to secure the title , be sat in the director 's box when the dream is finally realised and the teams run out ? ` No , ' he says . ` I will be stood on the 18-yard line of the end we are attacking . That 's my preferred spot . ' The club 's badge features a ship , to showcase the city 's canal-building past , explains Walsh . The club was formed when Manchester United were bought by the American Malcolm Glazer in 2005 . He , like the club , does things differently . FC fans call it Punk Football . For Andy , however , it is an extension of a longstanding Mancunian tradition . ` There 's a spirit in Manchester of radicalism and creative thinking , ' he says . ` Of challenging the norm and looking at different ways of doing things . Everything from electoral reform -- the establishment of the suffragette movement to innovation in industry . ` The first ever computer , the first ever public library and the first ever public park . Our crest itself speaks of that . The ship is because we built the canal . We brought the sea into the centre of Manchester . That 's symbolic . It 's on our city crest , it 's on our club crest . ' Unfortunately , Andy has to leave to try and push the project over the line . The FC United of Manchester team in 2005 , when they played as a nomadic club without a ground . The club 's fans turned their back on the commercialism of Old Trafford and started a democratic club . Time for one last question . Sir Alex Ferguson famously had little time for FC United and having the audacity to mention them at a press conference destroyed the relationship one local reporter enjoyed with the Scot . The latest incumbent , however , is a son of Amsterdam , where they know all about challenging authority and doing things a little differently . So will Louis van Gaal find a ticket to a match at Broadhurst Park on his doormat ? ` That 's a good question , ' Andy says . ` We have no plans to invite anybody form Manchester United to a game . ' After a long pause he adds : ` We would , however , have no objections if they wanted to attend . ' If they do they will have to join the queue .