Eric Abidal believes that his former club Barcelona have the potential to secure a famous treble by winning La Liga , the Champions League and the Copa del Rey this season . Luis Enrique 's side coasted past Paris Saint-Germain to take up a semi-final place in the Champions League , while they also sit top of La Liga and will take on Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final . Abidal was an integral part of Pep Guardiola 's brilliant Barcelona team that swept the board to win six trophies in 2009 and he believes that the club could be on the road to rescaling those heights . Neymar scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 -LRB- 5-1 on agg -RRB- to advance to the Champions League semi-finals . Barcelona won the treble in 2009 and former defender Eric Abidal -LRB- right -RRB- says the current crop are on their way . Abidal , who retired last year , was speaking at the launch of the Eric Abidal Foundation in Catalonia . ` It is possible to achieve a treble but in football it is very complicated . ' Abidal said . ` You can win the cup , the league and the Champions League but it only takes a minute for something to go wrong . I would like see Barca once again reach the level they had when we won 6 titles in 2009 and I think they are on this path . With the mentality that they have , working hard , taking it one day at a time , they can achieve these objectives . ` Barcelona are very much in form . They demonstrated that once again against PSG and I hope they will reach the final . I know the aims of this club and I know the team will be giving everything to be in that final . ' Abidal did , however , warn that his former coach Pep Guardiola would be a formidable opponent should the draw pit Barcelona against Bayern Munich in the semi-final . ` The 6-1 win over Porto demonstrates that in football you really never know what will happen . This is the beautiful thing about the game . If Barca were to meet Bayern in the semi-finals , then they would really have to be on their guard and concentrate hard because Bayern are a very strong side . Neymar and Lionel Messi have impressed for Barcelona this season , along with striker Luis Suarez . Messi scored Barcelona 's second goal against Manchester United in the Champions League final in 2009 . The former Barcelona defender , who retired last year , was speaking at the launch of the Eric Abidal Foundation in Catalonia . The charity is aiming to raise vital funds for research into cancer while it will also strive to improve the support network for families and children that suffer from the disease . Abidal was diagnosed with a cancerous liver tumour in March 2011 but fought the illness to star in Barcelona 's 3-1 victory over Manchester United in the Champions League final at Wembley . However , the cancer resurfaced in 2012 when Abidal required a liver transplant - which was selflessly offered by his cousin Gerard . ` I feel very lucky to be here and to have been able to fight for my family and for all the people that supported me , ' Abidal said . ` I am very conscious that I am now an example to others because I have overcome the illness twice and experienced a transplant . ` I am very proud if I am seen as a role model but particularly proud to be able to help people in my own way . Abidal is lifted into the air as his team celebrates their capture of the La Liga title in 2011 . ` The foundation is here to help children and teenagers that suffer from cancer . We have created it because we know the exact need of the patients but not only the patients , also families because from day to day we know how a patient suffers but also how it affects the family . ' ` We have it very clear in our minds that any child facing the illness is incredibly brave and fights with the determination of an adult but it is necessary to be by their side to remind them of the good things in life , that they have a strong team around around them . ' The Eric Abidal Foundation was launched in Barcelona on Wednesday . For more information , please see http://ericabidalfoundation.org .