England 's Joe Root has every hope the team can kick on and win the second Test against West Indies , after his first overseas century headlined a positive day for the visitors . Root 's unbeaten 118 came with England posting a 74-run lead at the end of day three , while the score of 373 for six was also down to some impressive batting from England 's top order . Captain Alastair Cook got 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott -LRB- 59 -RRB- at the top before Gary Ballance 's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root , making it a very happy St George 's Day in St George 's , Grenada . Joe Root celebrates his century and is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test in Grenada . England 's Root smashes a short ball to the boundary as West Indies keeper Denesh Ramdin can only watch on . Root plays confidently off the back foot through the offside during a commanding innings . Root and Gary Ballance run between wickets as they easily work the West Indian bowling around on a hot day . The end of the day was slightly marred by the loss of three quick wickets , with Ballance , Moeen Ali and Ben Stokes departing deep into the final session , leaving Jos Buttler -LRB- four -RRB- to start day four alongside Root . When asked about England 's chances of victory , Root told Sky Sports : ` Absolutely . We 've got plenty of batting left in that dressing room . ` Build a partnership with Jos tomorrow morning and hopefully we get a big score and only have to bat once . England captain Alastair Cook hits through the offside as he enjoys some width on day three . Jonathan Trott cuts before the ball can reach Windies captain Ramdin 's gloves on his way to 59 runs . Cook congratulates Trott on his first Test half-century since returning to the England line-up in the morning . ' -LRB- We -RRB- had a blip towards the end there but there is still plenty of batting left in that dressing room and fingers crossed we can kick on and make a big first innings score . ' Root 's personal effort was also his sixth Test century - his first came on home territory at Headingley in 2013 against New Zealand , a side he could well be facing later this year . The Yorkshireman added : ` I 'm just trying to score as many runs as I can each time . The more I can make over a hundred , the better . ` I feel good . My movements are very good at the minute . You go through blips -LRB- in your career -RRB- and the key now for me is to score as many as I can while I have this going for me . ' Ben Stokes is given a salute send-off by his West Indian rival Marlon Samuels after holing out for eight runs . Trott answered some of the criticisms levelled at him after he struggled on his Test comeback in Antigua , but was still after more . ` Alastair and I were really pleased to put on a good start but I 'm sure both of us are disappointed we could n't go on and make a bigger score , ' he said . ` You do n't spend all those hours in the nets to get fifties , you go there to get match defining hundreds . ` But we get on pretty well , we 've got a goods understanding in the middle and it was nice to get back in the groove . '