A travel-inspired jewelry company is targeting those commoners who dream of becoming the next Kate Middleton by marrying into the British Royal family , with a playful necklace designed to help anglophiles map out their fantasy marriages . Jet Set Candy , which offers a collection of destination-specific charms aimed at helping people to choose where they should head on their travels , enables you to take your pick of Britain 's Royals with the Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm , giving users eight possibilities for a ` future husband ' - including ` King-to-be George ' . ` Fancy your chances with Prince Harry ? Got eyes for a Duke ? Tie the knot with a British Royal and go from commoner to Queen . Your palace awaits ! ' reads the description of the fanciful charm , which comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver for $ 198 and $ 148 , respectively . Here 's hoping : Jewelry brand Jet Set Candy 's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil -LRB- L -RRB- and sterling silver -LRB- R -RRB- and retails for $ 198 and $ 148 , respectively . Eligible bachelor : Prince Harry is one of the eight ` future husbands ' listed on the charm 's playful spinner wheel . The charm has a double-sided Wheel of Fortune-style spinner , allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin . While the front lists one-year-old Prince George and 30-year-old Prince Harry , as well as other more generic options such as ` Duke ' , ` Marquess ' , ` Earl ' , ` Viscount ' , ` Baron ' and ` Commoner ' , as the options for your future husband , the flip side offers eight ` future homes ' , allocating you anything from a palace , castle or estate to an abbey , manor , house , cottage -- or even foreclosure . Meanwhile , the charm silently acknowledges that 32-year-old Prince William , who is awaiting the birth of his second child with Kate , is already taken - by not mentioning him at all . The jewelry brand , which is perfect for anyone who has the travel bug , also sells similar spinner charms for other cities , as well as various destination pendants , luggage tag charms , link bracelets , engraved bangles and more . Jet Set Candy 's founder and designer Nicole Parker King launched the collection in 2014 after traveling on six different continents and nearly 50 countries . Dream life : Prince George , pictured with his parents , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , is listed as one of the options for a future Royal husband . Same concept : The Caribbean Sailing Spinner -LRB- L -RRB- and the NYC Planner Spinner -LRB- R -RRB- are variations of the unique charm . Both pieces come in 14K gold vermeil and sterling silver . The sixth generation New Yorker recently moved back to Manhattan after living in New Delhi for nearly four years with her husband Chris , who was posted their as an Australian diplomat . But despite all of her travels , Nicole never came across her version of the perfect souvenir , so she took it upon herself to create it . Despite all of her travels , Nicole was never able to find the perfect souvenir to take home from her trips , so decided to make them on her own . And her dedication to reinventing travel keepsakes that are both cheeky and classic has paid off . Model-of-the-moment Kendall Jenner sported her brand 's Amsterdam Windmill Ring in a spread featured in the February issue of Vogue . Family event : Prince William , who is awaiting the birth of his second child with Kate -LRB- pictured together last month -RRB- , is already taken and therefore not featured on the charm . Stylish souvenirs : Jet Set Candy 's other items include a two tone New York Taxi charm -LRB- L -RRB- , which retails for $ 198 , and a London Is My Cup Of Tea Charm -LRB- R -RRB- available for $ 128 .