Steven Finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into England 's Test squad . The Middlesex seamer admitted he finds it ` baffling ' he faces criticism for not hitting the highly-prized 90mph mark , vowing to chase an England recall despite missing the West Indies tour . The 26-year-old was one of the few pluses of a dismal World Cup run , and is now intent on forcing his way into the reckoning for next summer 's Test challenges against New Zealand and Australia . Finn , pictured at the Middlesex photo call ahead of the county season , has vowed to regain his England place . Finn hit back at those critics who say he should be hitting the 90mph mark with his bowling . ` The frustrating thing is that I 've never been somebody who bowls 90 miles an hour for a whole day of cricket , that 's simply never happened in my career , ' said Finn . ` So it 's frustrating when people say ` you 've lost pace , you 've lost this , you 've lost that ' when I have n't . ` Maybe I bowled the odd spell up above 90 that I 'm working back towards , but consistently my paces have been the same as they have in the past . ` But because there are other bowlers in the world who are bowling 95 miles an hour consistently , it 's like we 're searching for that , and it 's almost falling on my head . ` It 's as though people are saying ` you 're the guy who 's done it for a few spells , so why are n't you doing it all the time ? ' . ` So it 's frustrating that people keep talking about that , because if you 're taking wickets , why does it matter if you 're bowling 87 or 93 miles an hour . Finn celebrates a wicket during England 's World Cup win over Scotland back in February . Finn , seen after taking five wickets in England 's World Cup warm-up over India , was a high point of the tour . ` What does it matter ? You 're taking wickets . ` So that to me is baffling and it 's silly to me , I find it stupid , but each to their own . ` Yes there might be a couple of extra miles an hour in there , as I 've always been searching for . ` Ever since I was 20 and came into international cricket I 've always been looking at how I am going to get better and make myself a member of the England team who is hard to be left out . ` And that 's what I 'm working back towards , and I certainly feel I 'm on the way . ' Watford-born Finn was sent home midway through England 's disastrous Ashes tour that ended in 5-0 defeat early last year . The pace bowler wrestled with his action for months , but has since hit back to form , and is now confident he can reach new heights and resurrect his Test career . Coach Peter Moores overlooked Finn for the current three-Test West Indies tour , but has told the Middlesex star he remains in England 's plans . Finn fixes the hair of team-mate Tim Murtagh as Middlesex posed for their traditional pre-season photograph . Finn shares a joke with Neil Dexter as the team convened at Lord 's ahead of the new county campaign . ` I 've been told I 'm doing nothing wrong , but obviously to be left out of a tour obviously I am doing something wrong , ' said Finn . ` So again , all I can do , and this is what they said to me , is to go and take wickets , enjoy playing for Middlesex , and ` you 're very much in our thoughts ' . ` It 's reassuring for me to know that I 've not been totally discarded as England cricketer because that would frustrate me and anger me deeply because I still feel I 've got something to give to English cricket . ` I 'm moving in the right direction , I feel like I 'm there and that I can compete in international cricket , because I did this winter . ` And it 's just about finding that extra little bit that 's going to turn me from being a fringe player into someone who 's in the team . ` That 's where I was a couple of years ago , I 'm not saying I 'm looking to the past : I do n't want to be the bowler I used to be , I want to be the bowler that I can be . ` And if I do that I think I 've got a very good chance of being involved with England . '