We know him as ` Success Kid ' - the toddler with a clenched fist and look of satisfaction who 's become the internet 's most positive meme . But now Sam Griner is eight years old and is using his online fame to help out his sick dad . His mother , Laney Griner from Jacksonville , Florida , set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $ 75,000 her husband , Justin , needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications . ` Please help us reach our goal so that Justin may get the pre-treatments and transplant he desperately needs , ' she wrote on the fundraising page . Scroll down for video . Plea : Sammy Griner is pictured with his 39-year-old father , Justin , who needs a kidney transplant . Famous face : Sammy is better known as the face of the ` Success Kid ' meme . His mother snapped the photo - which actually shows him just moments before trying to put sand in his mouth - when he was 11 months . ` His mother died from this disease , please help us write a different story for Justin and his son , Sam . ' By Tuesday afternoon , the page had raised more than $ 38,000 of the goal . Although Griner initially decided against using the notoriety of ` Success Kid ' to help raise funds , she eventually spoke to The Daily Dot about the campaign because of her fears for her husband . Justin , 39 , discovered his kidneys were failing before the birth of their son and he now spends about four hours a day , three days a week undergoing dialysis , Mrs Griner told ABC News . He is unable to work and never has energy , she said . The longer he is on the dialysis , the higher the chance that he could develop complications . ` Six years on dialysis is getting to be a long time , ' she said . ` It 's wearing on him . ' Sign of success : His face has since been used to create the internet 's most positive meme , pictured . Grimace : An image shows Sammy , who is now eight years old , posing beside a t-shirt bearing his face . The funds will supplement the money Medicare puts towards the procedure . The family will also need $ 12,000 for just the first year of medications , although he 'll be on drugs for the rest of his life . It is also not yet clear where the kidney will come from and so the family is also using the GoFundMe page to ask strangers to see if they could be a match . So far , no friends or family members have proved a match , she told The Daily Dot , and getting on a list for a deceased donor can take at least five years . ` We certainly prefer a living donor because the prognosis seems to be much better , ' she said . ` We 're certainly not opposed -LSB- to waiting for a donor -RSB- , but obviously , the sooner the better for us all . ' To help raise awareness about her husband 's need for a kidney , she turned to her son for help . Mrs Griner had snapped the photo of Sammy on the beach when he was 11 months old . The image looks as if he is punching the air - but she said he was actually about to put sand in his mouth . Close : Justin , pictured , discovered his kidneys were failing before Sam was born and receives dialysis . Appeal : The boy 's mother , Laney , said she initially did n't want to use the boy 's famous face to raise funds because she wanted the focus to be on Justin , but she said she just wants to see him healthy . She put the photo on her Flickr page in 2007 and two years later , she noticed that it was being used for memes before eventually becoming the beloved ` Success Kid ' meme around 2010 . His face has featured on billboard , TV commercials and t-shirts , which Mrs Griner called both ` weird ' and ` awesome ' . ` By now , it 's just out there , ' she said . ` What am I going to do ? At least it 's positive . Without that happening , how much could I get this recognition about my husband 's kidney transplant ? ' There are more than 100,000 people waiting for a kidney transplant in the U.S. , and of the 29,531 kidney transplants carried out last year , 23,715 were from living donors , according to the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network .