Disgraced former CIA Director David Petraeus will not go to jail for giving his mistress classified material while she was working on a book about him , a judge ruled today . The former U.S. Army General , whose career was destroyed when the affair with Paula Broadwell emerged in November 2012 , avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte , North Carolina on Thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation . He was also fined $ 100,000 - more than double the $ 40,000 his attorneys had requested . While Petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material , he formally entered his plea during Thursday 's hearing . Petraeus was wearing his wedding ring but there was no sign of his wife , Holly . He told the court he wanted to apologize to those closest to him ` for the pain my actions caused ' . Apologies : Former CIA director David Petraeus apologized for his ` mistakes ' as he spoke outside the North Carolina courthouse where he was sentenced to two years probation on Thursday afternoon . Sentenced : As well as the probation , he was fined $ 100,000 for leaking classified information to his mistress . Following the hearing , he briefly addressed the media outside the courthouse . ` As I did in the past , I apologize for those closest to me and many others , ' he said , before thanking his supporters including his family , colleagues and fellow veterans . ` I now look forward to moving on with the next phase of my life and with continuing to serve our great nation as a private citizen , ' he added . Critics have noted that in other cases concerning government leaks , defendants have received far harsher punishments than Petraeus . CIA analyst John Kiriakou who is serving 30 months behind bars for revealing the secret CIA torture program . Ben Wizner , an American Civil Liberties Union lawyer who represents Edward Snowden , told Reuters that he was not against lighter sentences - as long as such treatment is handed out equally . ` The problem is not that David Petraeus is getting lenient treatment , ' Wizner said . ` The problem is that lenient treatment is only available to people in high places . ' Petraeus was also given special conditions for his probation . He is allowed to travel internationally with his probation officer 's approval , for example , and is allowed to possess firearms . He is allowed to pay the $ 100,000 fine $ 25,000 per month until it is paid in full . Going solo : Petraeus , who was seen wearing his wedding ring to court , was not accompanied by his wife Holly to the sentencing hearing . It emerged in 2012 that he had been having an affair with his biographer . Petraeus has 14 days to file an appeal if he wants to dispute the sentencing . In the previous agreement , prosecutors said that while Broadwell was writing her book in 2011 , Petraeus gave her eight binders of classified material he had improperly kept from his time as the top military commander in Afghanistan . Days later , he took the binders back to his house . Among the secret information contained in the ` black books ' were the names of covert operatives , the coalition war strategy and notes about Petraeus ' discussions with President Barack Obama and the National Security Council , prosecutors said . Those binders were later seized by the FBI in an April 2013 search of Petraeus ' Arlington , Virginia , home , where he had kept them in the unlocked drawer of a desk in a ground-floor study . Prosecutors said that after resigning from the CIA in November 2012 , Petraeus had signed a form falsely attesting he had no classified material . He also lied to FBI agents by denying he supplied the information to Broadwell , according to court documents . Affair : Petraeus gave his mistress Paula Broadwell , pictured together in 2011 , classified material that he had improperly kept from his time in the military . She was writing his biography at the time . Petraeus , a four-star general who served as commander of the U.S. Forces in Iraq and Afghanistan , resigned from the CIA in 2012 when the affair emerged but always denied criminal wrongdoing . Broadwell , now 42 , met Petraeus , 62 , while she was a graduate student at Harvard University , where she was working on a dissertation about him . She wrote his biography , ` All In : The Education of General David Petraeus ' , which afforded them considerable time together . They carried on an affair between late 2011 and the summer of 2012 . But the relationship was later uncovered whiled the FBI investigated claims that one of Petraeus ' friends , Florida socialite Jill Kelley , was receiving threatening emails . The messages were found to have been sent by Broadwell , a married mother-of-two . As agents investigated Broadwell 's email account , they uncovered the affair and learned the CIA director had shared classified information with her . Petraeus , who remains married to wife Holly , acknowledged the affair as he stepped down , while in May 2013 , Broadwell , who is also still married , finally issued an apology for the relationship . ` I have remorse for the harm that this has caused , the sadness it has caused my family and other families , ' she told her local station , WSOC . Hurt : Paula Broadwell remains married to husband Scott , pictured together left in 2012 , while Petraeus is married to wife Holly , right , despite the affair that forced him to step down as CIA chief in 2012 . ` I 'm very blessed . Blessed with an awesome family , a wonderful community that 's been a great part of my rehabilitation , if you will . Even when you 've made mistakes in life you can still contribute and pick up the stuff and move on . ' Petraeus held the CIA post less than a year , not long enough to leave a significant mark on the spy agency . The core of his identity has been a military man . He was brought in by President George W. Bush to command multinational forces in Iraq in 2007 , a period when the war began to turn in favor of the U.S. Petraeus ' command coincided with the ` surge ' of American forces in Iraq and a plan to pay Sunni militias to fight al-Qaeda in Iraq . With American help , the Sunni tribes were able to push out insurgents and enable U.S. troops to withdraw in 2011 . Those same Sunni areas are now controlled by the Islamic State group , which evolved from the remnants of al-Qaida after Iraqi 's Shiite-led government proved weak .