Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 , after beating fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final . Now mentor Ricky Wilson , his fellow celebrity judges Rita Ora , Tom Jones and Will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the BBC will all have their fingers crossed for his success . Because it 's not just a hit single Stevie needs , he also has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts . Scroll down for video . Can this year 's The Voice UK champion Stevie McCrorie break the winners ' curse ? His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident Stevie could be just what the BBC needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule . Leanne Mitchell , the first ever winner of The Voice UK , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer . The very job she was hoping to leave behind when first auditioning for the show . Series one winner Leanne Mitchell , mentored to success in 2012 by Sir Tom Jones , blew everyone away with her version of Whitney Houston 's I Would Run To You in the live final . But despite much excitement surrounding her first single , she failed to rank any higher than number 45 in the music charts . Then a year later came her album , a record of songs written entirely by her rather than a compilation of cover versions , which failed to chart in the top 100 . Some , including The Script frontman and former Voice coach Danny O'Donoghue , believe Leanne did n't have the right work ethic . When asked last year about Leanne 's flop , he said , ` I was told by Tom Jones , and by the label as well , that Leanne just did not want to work as hard as you have to work to be a pop star . ' Leanne won the public vote in the final of The Voice UK 's first ever series , but her debut single , a cover of Whitney Houston 's I Would Run To You only just managed to scrape into the top 50 after being released . Leanne Mitchell has now returned to her previous employment , singing for holiday campers at Potters Leisure Resort in Hopton-On-Sea , Norfolk , after failing to make her mark on the music industry . After being dropped by her label Decca , Leanne is now working in the job she thought she 'd left behind - singing for holiday campers at Potters Leisure Resort in Hopton-On-Sea , Norfolk . The singer has defended her efforts , suggesting that she was given poor advice and not enough support once she 'd finished writing her album . But can the same be said for series two winner , Andrea Begley ? Former The Voice UK coach Danny O'Donoghue criticised Leanne Mitchell for not working hard enough after winning series one of the BBC talent show , but has failed to make his own winning act , Andrea Begley , who was crowned champion of the second series in 2013 , into a household name either . Partially sighted Irish singer Andrea was determined to avoid the mistakes of her predecessor Leanne , but despite enjoying more chart success amd holding onto her record deal , she too has failed to equal the superstardom that comes with winning other TV talent shows like Simon Cowell 's The X Factor . The partially sighted singer from Pomeroy , Northern Ireland , now 29 , won the public vote in 2013 after being mentored by fellow Irishman , Danny . She even commented on the failings of her predecessor Leanne , and said that she was determined to do things differently . ` Everybody is obviously aware that last year things did n't go maybe as well as they could 've done , and I think lessons have been learned , ' she told the Mirror , shortly after being crowned champ . Andrea 's album , The Message , released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts , but compare that to the success of most X Factor winners , and you soon understand the singer 's disappointment . But while Andrea is still fortunate enough to have herself a record deal , her success has n't been the chart topping megastardom that winning a rival show like The X Factor might bring . Her debut single , a cover of Evanescence 's My Immortal , charted at number 30 , while her follow up , Dancing In The Dark , originally by Bruce Springsteen , did n't make it any further than 113 . Andrea 's album , The Message , released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts , but compare that to the success of most X Factor winners , and you soon understand the deflation in the Begley camp . Will.i.am won the third series of The Voice UK with Jermain Jackman , a young singer from Hackney , London . 2014 The Voice winner Jermain saw his debut single And I Am Telling You , a cover of the Broadway number made famous by Jennifer Hudson in musical Dreamgirls , chart at just number 75 . Hot on the heels of Andrea was Jermain Jackman , who won last year 's series with coach Will.i.am . If a slow start killed Leanne Mitchell 's chances , Jermain and Will had better kick this career into gear . The singer from Hackney in London , still just 20-years-old , saw his debut single And I Am Telling You , a cover of the Broadway number made famous by Jennifer Hudson in musical Dreamgirls , chart at number 75 . Despite various public appearances , once with Mitch Winehouse at a charity event in the name of his late daughter Amy Winehouse , Jermain 's debut album this month has landed at number 42 . Compared with X Factor 's 2014 winner Ben Haenow , whose debut single landed the Christmas number one spot , Jermain 's success has so far been what you could call limited . Compared with X Factor 's 2014 winner Ben Haenow , whose debut single landed the Christmas number one spot , Jermain 's success has so far been what you could call limited . Despite various public appearances , once with Mitch Winehouse -LRB- pictured centre -RRB- at a charity event in the name of his late daughter Amy Winehouse , Jermain 's debut album this month has landed at number 42 . The glitter falls from the ceiling ... but the real hard work is just beginning for Stevie McCrorie . So can Stevie McCrorie break the curse and become the first ever success of The Voice UK ? His debut single will be Lost Stars , a cover of Adam Levine 's hit from the film Begin Again , which was nominated for an Oscar this year . The Scotsman has also reportedly been asked to perform at music festival T in The Park already . Stevie 's coach Ricky Wilson , frontman of rock band Kaiser Chiefs , has been quick to defend his protege in the face of criticism . When asked if he 's worried about the growing number of The Voice UK flops , he simply replied , ` Stevie has n't won it before . ' So now it 's all eyes on you Stevie ! No pressure ... Though it 's not always the winners who reap all the success -LRB- Steve Brookstein , case in point -RRB- , the X Factor has produced far more chart successes than The Voice UK . Here are just a few of the best-selling artists that came from Simon Cowell 's ITV show : . One Direction They did n't win , in fact they came third , runners up next to Matt Cardle and Rebecca Ferguson in 2010 , but Simon Cowell 's boyband has sold over 50 million albums and quite literally , taken over the world with their legion of fans . Leona Lewis Despite having left Simon Cowell 's label Sycon last year , Leona remains one of the show 's biggest successes , having sold over 4.4 million singles off the back of her 2006 win . JLS The runners-up of the 2009 series , JLS went on to sell over 3.9 million singles and 2.7 million albums , before splitting up in 2013 . Olly Murs He came second to Joe McElderry in 2009 , then went on to sell almost as many albums as JLS and co-present the X Factor 's sister show Xtra Factor in ITV2 with Caroline Flack . Alexandra Burke After winning the 2009 series following her duet with Beyonce , Alexandra went on to rack up more than 1.25 million sales for her debut single Hallelujah . James Arthur Before the singer landed himself in hot water with volatile Twitter rants , he clocked up over 1.2 million sales of his first single Impossible after winning the 2012 series . Little Mix The first ever group to win the show in 2011 , Little Mix have now beaten The Spice Girls ' chart success in America and raked up an impressive 132million VEVO views . Rebecca Ferguson Though she came second to Matt Cardle in the 2010 series , Rebecca has just released her third album Lady Sings The Blues and has enjoyed steady chart success .