An assassin dubbed ` Skinny Girl ' has allegedly been murdered just south of the Mexican border - the third woman with that nickname to suffer at the hands of a rival cartel . Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed , dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday . She achieved notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating on social media . Scroll down for video . Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been found stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday . She gained notoriety in January when this picture began circulating online . The woman , who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s , began operating under the name Rio Bravo . Cutting a slim physique and an almost innocent smile , she also donned a Kevlar jacket beneath a gold necklace . In the comments next to the striking image , people urged her to sell the gun and buy another TV while others prayed for her . A picture of her body laying next to a dead man and another woman was taken before another image was posted showing her dismembered body in the cooler . A tattoo saying ` Nino ' , the same as the one seen on her right forearm , is also seen in the cooler . Alongside the photo was a message warning people to ` keep sending theses f ****** a *** holes ' , insisting they will meet the same fate . Her two predecessors also ran into bad luck during confrontations with law enforcement . The first of the three ` Skinny Girls ' was Veronica Mireya Moreno . According to The Daily Beast she started out as a police officer and became a hero when she was wounded during a shootout . The first of the three ` Skinny Girls ' was Veronica Mireya Moreno . She was arrested driving a stolen car with a revolver and six cellphones inside and was accused of being complicit in a number of murders and drug deals in 2011 . On Saturday violence erupted on the U.S border after security forces arrested one of the area 's most influential drug dealers . She is then alleged to have signed with the Los Zetas cartel and was arrested in 2011 while driving a stolen car - with a revolver and six cellphones inside . She was subsequently arrested and charged with being complicit in a number of murders and drug deals . Months later Nancy Manriquez Quintanar was said to have taken part in a string of slayings , mainly from competing cartels . More than 100,000 people have died in gang-related violence in Mexico over the past eight years . On Saturday violence erupted on the U.S border after security forces arrested one of the area 's most influential drug dealers .