Underwear tycoon Michelle Mone is selling her three-bedroom Glasgow townhouse in order to buy her ex-husband out of the ` dream home ' they once shared , it is claimed . The self-made multi-millionaire bought the Glasgow property off-plan in the city 's upmarket Park Circus area after splitting from husband Michael in December 2011 . She paid £ 780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013 . It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £ 1 million . For sale : Michelle and Michael Mone , left together in 2011 , put their mansion on the market after their 2011 split . The self-made multi-millionaire , pictured right in Glasgow today , is understood to be buying the house . It is understood she will now move back into the five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall , Lanarkshire , where she and Michael lived with their three children after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband . Ms Mone , who also has a £ 2million flat in Mayfair , today shared her decision to move on Twitter . ` Sad to be selling my stunning townhouse in #Scotland Brilliant news is after trying for 2 years i 'm buying my ex out of my dream home #YES , ' she posted . The then-couple bought the Lanarkshire site in 2008 . They demolished the original building , and built ` Telperion ' , a home six times the size of the average British house . In 2010 , Ms Mone was at the centre of a row with neighbours over plans to add a sauna , gym and bar to the home . Five residents objected to her proposals and one said the development would ` completely dwarf ' the rest of the street . But it was still given the go-ahead by planners . Glasgow home : Self-made multi-millionaire Michelle Mone bought the property off-plan in the city 's upmarket Park Circus area -LRB- pictured -RRB- after splitting from husband Michael . She paid £ 780,700 for the duplex . ` Dream home ' : Ms Mone will move back into the five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall , Lanarkshire , pictured , where she and Michael lived with their three children after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband . Family home : The Lanarkshire mansion , in a wealthy suburb home to celebrities and footballers , was listed for £ 1.5 million in 2012 . Above , a modern bathroom inside the property , which boasts five en-suite bedrooms . High-end : There is also a state-of-the-art kitchen , pictured , designed by the acclaimed Clive Christian that features beautifully made Edwardian style units and four dishwashers to help keep the place clean . The luxury home boasts 12 large rooms including a 26ft lounge , 36ft family dining kitchen and 30ft recreation room with cinema . There is also a state-of-the-art kitchen designed by the acclaimed Clive Christian that features beautifully made Edwardian style units and four dishwashers . 1996 Michael and Michelle Mone create lingerie brand Ultimo . 2008 The couple buy plot in Thorntonhall , Lanarkshire . They demolish the original building , and build ` Telperion ' , a home six times the size of the average British house . 2010 Ms Mone is at the centre of a row with neighbours over plans to add a sauna , gym and bar to the home . 2011 Michelle and Micheal split in December after Michael allegedly has an affair with bra designer , Samantha Bunn . He has since set up a rival lingerie firm with Ms Bunn . 2012 The former family home in Lanarkshire is put on the market for 2012 . Ms Mone claims her ex-husband refused to sell his part of the property . Ms Mone pays £ 780,700 for three-bedroom duplex in Glasgow and had extensive works done . 2013 Ms Mone moves into her Glasgow townhouse , and showcases it in exclusive Hello ! interview . 2014 Ms Mone becomes embroiled in a bitter row over plans to turn the house next door to her £ 1 million home into student digs . Today She announces plans to sell Glasgow home and move back into former family home . The home , in a wealthy suburb home to celebrities and footballers , was listed for £ 1.5 million in 2012 following the collapse of the couple 's 19-year marriage . It has been on the market for three years . At the time , Ms Mone , 43 , raged publicly at her husband for refusing to sell her their baby grand piano and part of their luxurious home . Unable to reach an agreement , they were forced to put the home up for sale . It was advertised as having the ` highest specifications in lighting , communications , media and security ' . Safety conscious Michelle 's system covers every corner of the building and gardens and includes infra red security cameras , panic buttons and CCTV . Mr Mone has previously criticised his ex-wife 's comments and said the divorce papers had specifically addressed the issue of the future sale of the former marital home . The couple created lingerie brand Ultimo together in 1996 , split in 2011 after Michael , allegedly had an affair with bra designer , Samantha Bunn , with whom he has set up a rival lingerie firm . Ms Mone recently revealed she has found love again . She shared her joy with her 966,000 followers on Twitter - and posted a smiling picture of herself . ` After 2 years I 'm delighted to say I 've met my soul mate £ megahappy , ' she tweeted . The identity of the man who has won her heart remains a mystery . Recently Ms Mone denied dating X Factor singer Shayne Ward . She previously also denied dating cricketer Shane Warne less than a year ago . Elegant : One of the bedrooms in the Lanarkshire home , which has been on the market for three years . State-of-the-art : The home was advertised as having the ` highest specifications in lighting , communications , media and security ' . Above , an image of the dining room . Home comforts : The triple garage was replaced with a bar , pictured , and the home has ten plasma TVs as well as three Onkyo home cinema systems .