The Arizona police officer who rammed his car into an armed suspect was previously involved in a lawsuit while working for the New York Police Department . Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in October 2005 and pointing a gun at him before handcuffing him and threatening to shoot him in front of his wife and four children . The plaintiff , Luis Colon , also claimed that Rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car . Scroll down for videos . Michael Rapiejko -LRB- above -RRB- was accused of approaching Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005 , pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him . According to NBC 4 , Rapiejko 's defense team said that while their client did point a gun at the man and order him back into his car , the other claims were untrue . Colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration , resisting arrest and disorderly conduct , all charges that were dropped in April 2006 . In the end , the city settled with Colon for $ 20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims . The settlement was reached in December 2008 , the same time Rapiejko left the New York Police Department and joined the Tucson Police Department . This as Rapiejko is under fire for using possible excessive force when he mowed down an armed suspect -LRB- above -RRB- in his police vehicle . The officer joined the Marana Police Department roughly a year-and-a-half ago , where he is now being investigated by Internal Affairs . Rapiejko , a Cross Fit devotee , calls himself Robocop . Video of the February 19 incident emerged earlier this week , and shows Rapiejko , 34 , running into suspect Mario Valencia , who was carrying what appears to be a rifle , and who seems to point the weapon to the sky and fire off shots . A police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ` One round just went out . He 's definitely loaded . ' He then tells his colleague , Officer Michael Rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ` Stand off , the gun is loaded . ' Mario Valencia -LRB- above -RRB- was in the hospital for two days after being hit by Rapiejko . But apparently ignoring his advice , Rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward Valencia . Seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body . Valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt amid debris . The other officer can be heard shouting in shock : ` Oh ! Jesus Christ , man down . ' Valencia was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition following the crash and was eventually booked into jail two days later . Sergeant Chris Warren said at the time that Valencia ` was a dangerous felon who 'd been on a crime spree throughout the morning ' . This crime spree allegedly involved theft at a convenience store at , vandalism and burglary at the Tucson Baptist Temple , a home invasion and theft of a car . It culminated with the alleged theft of a rifle from Walmart , after which he was hit by Rapiejko 's police vehicle . Rapiejko was put on standard administrative leave after the crash , but soon reinstated after the Pima County Attorney 's Office cleared the officer of any wrongdoing . Valencia is facing several felony charges for his alleged crime spree .