Bath Abbey could be linked to the city 's Roman water network to heat the vast medieval church using ancient underground springs . The idea has been in the pipeline for years , but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it 's possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring . The Church of England 's ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of Bath 's 45 ° c spring water to power a modern heating system for the building . Bath Abbey -LRB- pictured -RRB- could have the world 's first natural underfloor heating system sourced from spring water in Roman drains . The idea has been in the pipeline for years , but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it 's possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring . The Abbey , which lies at the heart of Britain 's only World Heritage city , was granted planning permission for the unique £ 18million scheme two years ago . Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground . They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system for the abbey . Church leaders believe the plans would provide a unique source of green energy for the abbey and help the 10th century building reconnect with the city 's Roman roots . Plans show how Bath Abbey will use water from the city 's ancient springs , which heat water used in its Roan Baths . Waste water currently filters out to the River Avon but could be put to use under the new scheme . An artist 's impression of plans for Bath Abbey shows how the ground will be excavated to create the heating system , new work space and song school . Today , excavation work is taking place on Kingston Parade outside the Visitor 's Information Centre to determine the feasibility of installing the system . Each day , a quarter of a million gallons of hot water flow through the Roman Baths from the thermal spring located at the heart of the site . A large quantity of this hot water eventually ends up in the nearby River Avon -- passing through the Great Roman Drain . The idea is , that it this waste water was harnessed correctly and converted , it could produce 1.5 megawatts of continuous energy -- enough to heat Bath Abbey and the world-famous Roman Baths and Pump Room complex . Engineers are currently digging 13 ft -LRB- 4 metres -RRB- below the ground to work out what lies in the space and if it could be suitable to house a thermal heat exchanger , which transfers heat from one medium to another . A spokesman for the project told MailOnline that the investigations are in their infancy , but it appears that water levels may be too low to use in the Great Roman Drain area , but that energy could be harnessed in the Georgian part of the drain . A small scale trial is also underway to test how the heat can warm up different types of stone floors in the buildings . The Church of England 's ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of Bath 's 45 ° c spring water to power a modern heating system for the building . The idea is that waste water from the baths escaping down the Great Roman Drain would enter a hidden thermal heat exchange and heat the Abbey -LRB- illustrated above -RRB- . Engineers plan to tap the power of warm waste water from the Roman bathing complex -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Engineers are currently digging 13 ft -LRB- 4 metres -RRB- below the ground to work out what lies in the space and if it could be suitable to house a thermal heat exchanger . The plans for Bath Abbey 's underfloor heating may use modern technologies , but will make use of the same natural spring tapped by the Romans . The Romans came up with underfloor heating called a hypocaust , which heated houses and public spaces with hot air . The word comes from the Ancient Greek , where hypo means under and caust means burnt . Romans used underfloor heating , or hypocausts to heat rooms at Bath 's intricate bathing complex . Here , you can see the pilae stacks though which hot air would have circulated to heat a tile floor on top . The floor was raised above the ground by pillars called pilae stacks and made of a layers of tiles sandwiched together with concrete . The air under the floor was heated by a furnace . Walls were also made of hollow bricks so hot air could circulate through them , as well as below the tiles . Rooms requiring the most heat were placed closest to the furnace , the heat of which could be adjusted by adding more wood to the fire . It was labour intensive to sun a hypocaust as the fire needed a lot of fuel and constant attention , meaning underfloor heating was used in large public buildings , luxurious villas and bath complexes . Every day , a quarter of a million gallons of hot water flow through the Roman Baths from the thermal spring located at the heart of the site . A large quantity of this hot water eventually ends up in the nearby River Avon -LRB- pictured -RRB- -- passing through the Great Roman Drain . The modern elements of the system would be hidden underground and an archaeologist will be working alongside the engineers to document any objects that may be uncovered by the excavation . Once the investigation is complete , the ground will be covered back up and the engineers will work out how the thermal heat exchanger will be housed . Charles Curnock , Footprint Project Director from Bath Abbey , said : ` An innovative thermal heating scheme using Bath 's hot springs ticks all the right boxes , while providing a sustainable and eco-friendly solution for both the Abbey and the Roman Baths & Pump Room complex . ' Two years ago , Bath Abbey rector Edward Mason said : ` These are ambitious plans which would allow us to capture an incredible and ancient natural resource which is currently being wasted . ` The Abbey lies at the heart of what was once Roman Bath , and our architects have located a drain where spring water flows . ` As it stands , the water pours away and empties eventually into the Avon . ` Our plan is to remove the floor of the Abbey , dig down and divert the drain and then pump the water through an underground heating system to warm the church . ` It would provide virtually all of the Abbey 's heating and would give us a unique way to reduce our carbon footprint . ' Today , excavation work is taking place on Kingston Parade outside the Visitor 's Information Centre to determine the feasibility of installing the system A new work space could be created beneath the ground under the plans to excavate parts of Bath Abbey . Some 850,000 litres of spring water which usually filters through to the River Avon will be used to heat the Abbey . An illustration of the city from above is shown .