A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an ` unprecedented ' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling . The revelation follows widespread public anger at Indonesia 's executions of Australian nationals Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan despite the pleas of the Federal government . It also comes as one of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China - Sydney man Peter Gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months . ` The number and seriousness of current cases of Australians potentially facing the death penalty in China is unprecedented , ' said the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade document , which was dated December 2 , 2014 . Chinese authorities have said that eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death . Scroll down for video . Australian citizen Ibrahim Jalloh -LRB- pictured -RRB- is reportedly facing drugs charges in Guangzhou province . Peter Gardner -LRB- left -RRB- and Kalynda Davis -LRB- right -RRB- were apprehended in Guangzhou . Davis was allowed to go free when charges were withdrawn but Gardner 's case has been brought forward by six months . Jockey Anthony Roger Bannister -LRB- pictured -RRB- was charged with importing 3 kg of methamphetamine . The exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the briefing , obtained under freedom of information laws , which added : ` None of those detained was born in China or is a former Chinese national . ` All were arrested for drug-related offences ' . The document said consular assistance was provided to the Australians , including monitoring developments , prisoner welfare visits , and keeping in contact with family or nominated contacts . Other possible steps appeared to be redacted . Chinese prosecutors are reportedly seeking the death penalty against jockey Anthony Roger Bannister , 43 , from Adelaide , who was charged with allegedly attempting to smuggle 3 kg of methamphetamine from Guangzhou to Australia . Another citizen , Ibrahim Jalloh and his friend Bengali Sherrif were arrested at Guangzhou Airport in July over alleged drug crimes . Sherrif is reported to have been granted a suspended death sentence and Jalloh has not yet faced trial , according to the ABC . Other names have not been released . Do you know more ? Daniel.Piotrowski@mailonline.com . Drug ring ? Many of those facing death row were trying to import or export the drug ` ice ' into or out of Guangzhou . Pictured above is Guangzhou International Airport . The confidential DFAT briefing concerned Gardner and his then-girlfriend , Penrith woman Kalynda Davis . Ms Davis was freed without charge following a traumatic month in a Chinese prison last year where she was forced to crop her hair short . The pair had met on Tinder . Ms Davis 's friends realised something was wrong when she failed to appear as a bridesmaid at a friend 's wedding in early November . The file also revealed the importance the government placed in not speaking publicly about her case at the time of her imprisonment . ` Given the timing of the investigative period and the possible death penalty involved , ' DFAT asked that ` no information about this case be disclosed . ' Authorities alleged Gardner tried to smuggle 30 kg of methamphetamine out of China to Australia . When Ms Davis returned to Sydney , her father revealed she was cleared by Chinese authorities because she had carry-on luggage only . Rose Kulak , death penalty campaigner for Amnesty International , told Daily Mail Australia : ` China executes more people than the rest of the world combined . ' ` With a 99 per cent conviction rate in China , once you are sentences to death , it is a very precarious situation you are in , ' Ms Kulak said . Approximately 8 per cent of all recorded executions in China last year were carried out for drug-related crimes , Amnesty said . The Gardner family has requested privacy and wo n't comment to the media while the case proceeds . A spokeswoman for the Foreign Minister was approached for comment but was unavailable to respond by Daily Mail Australia 's deadline . A spokesman for Opposition foreign affairs spokeswoman Tanya Plibersek said Australia should lead efforts against the death penalty , ` in particular working with the United Nations ' . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .