Mini-bottles of shampoo and complimentary bottles of fizz have come to be expected as standard hotel fare among discerning travellers . In order to really stand out from their competitors , these properties now need to offer guests the finest - and , in some cases , the quirkiest - in over-the-top amenities and services . Whether it 's a temporary pet fish , placed in your room and cared for by hotel staff , or a ` best man for hire ' to help make a couple 's special day that much better , these hotels have redefined what it means to go the extra mile . MailOnline Travel looks at the world 's most unusual , excessive hotel amenities . At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room . A pet goldfish . At over 50 locations around the US and Canada , the Kimpton Hotel chain offers a special service for those feeling a bit lonely while travelling . Called the ` Guppy Love ' program , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room for the duration of their stay . And you do n't even need to worry about feeding or caring for your temporary pet , as the hotel staff are responsible for caring for your stress-reducing and calming ` in-room amenity ' . Reportedly , such an odd feature may prove to be especially beneficial to those on a business trip , as aquariums are believed to reduce anxiety and lower blood pressure . Unsurprisingly then , the hotel will also place a fish in on-site meeting rooms and banquet halls . At the Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji , couples are ` kidnapped ' and whisked away for a picnic lunch in paradise . A ` kidnapping ' and picnic . At Fiji 's Namale Resort & Spa , couples start a romantic afternoon picnic in paradise off in a very unusual way . At some point during each couple 's stay at the resort on beautiful Vanua Levu island , they are ` kidnapped ' and taken to a surprise location for a private four-course picnic . Some of the stunning locations include a waterfall and cave . At The Club Hotel & Spa in St. Helier , Jersey , a sunshine butler is on hand to polish sunglasses . A ` sunshine butler ' For those who need a hand when it comes to poolside pampering , The Club Hotel & Spa in St. Helier , Jersey , has just the ticket . The resort has a sunshine butler on hand to polish sunglasses , hand out sunscreen , and provide iced towels and fresh watermelon to guests relaxing on loungers . His name is Chris and he 's a hotel staffer of several years who was selected because of his ` sunny personality . ' Need a little extra help getting ready for your big day ? Wild Dunes Resort offers a ` best man for hire ' service . A best man ` for hire ' Getting your significant other to say ` yes ' is just half the battle . For all those grooms-to-be who have n't yet decided who to ask to be their best man , the Wild Dunes Resort in Charleston , South Carolina , has you covered . Inspired by the character of Jimmy , played by Kevin Hart , in The Wedding Ringer , the resort has hired a charming , endlessly entertaining ` best man for hire . ' At the South Carolina resort hotel , you can hire a go-to charming , endlessly entertaining ` best man ' The Best Man will be there for anything the groom requires , whether that be helping out during the initial planning stages or serving as right-hand wingman on the big day . And do n't worry about this newbie delivering a believable wedding toast . The Best Man will be expected to add a colourful speech to entertain the guests . At Rosewood Hotels around the world , a fragrance butler is on hand to help you find your signature scent . A fragrance butler . With the stringent on-board liquid restrictions on flights , such a service is needed now more than ever . At Rosewood Hotels around the world , a quick call to the concierge will find a white-gloved fragrance butler sent to your room . He carries 10 scents at all times - five for women and five for men - on a silver platter . Whether your prefer Hermes or Chanel , there 's a high-end designer fragrance to suit all tastes . For those who 've ever wanted to have a pillow fight in a luxury hotel , head to The Ritz-Carlton Palm Beach . A ` family pillow fight ' package . Admit it : you 've always wanted to have a good old fashioned pillow fight in the comfort of a five-star hotel room . Now , the The Ritz-Carlton Palm Beach , is offering families the chance to do just that . The Family Pillow Fight turndown service provides guests with 30 brightly coloured silk pillow , two sets of child size boxing gloves , and game suggestions to help you make the most out of your battle royale . And , once you 've tired yourself out , the entire family can sit down to a midnight snack of milk and cookies . The entire package costs $ 60 -LRB- or about £ 41 -RRB- . Ride a wave ! Loews Coronado Bay Resort & Spa offer a Su ` ruff Camp for your lovable pet pooch . Dog surfing lessons . It 's difficult enough for human to learn how to surf , but at Loews Coronado Bay Resort & Spa in California , instructors are up to the challenge of teaching your pet pooch how to catch a wave . Known as the Su ` ruff Camp , the programme first began back in 2005 . The entire hotel is dog friendly , and provides guests and their furry friends with maps of local dog walking routes and even poop scoop bags for your stay . While they are n't allowed in the hotel pools , man 's best friend is allowed to run leash-free at the nearby Coronado Dog Beach . For $ 389 -LRB- or £ 264 -RRB- , you and your pup will receive a one night stay at the hotel , a one hour surf lesson , a bandanna and board shorts for your dog and an in-room meal . For those looking to explore their Scottish ancestry , the Balmoral Hotel 's tartan butler is here to serve . A tartan butler . For all those curious about their Scottish ancestry , or simply eager to see if they can pull off the tartan trend , this amenity offered at The Balmoral Hotel in Edinburgh will be of particular interest . Andy Fraser is the ` tartan butler , ' and a master at tracing Scottish lineage . Once he manages to track down your clan , he can then help to arrange a trip to one of the city 's most established kilt shops to pick out their pattern and have their own garment stitched . And if you 'd really like to follow in your family 's footsteps , Fraser can even arrange a bespoke tour of your ancestor 's region . If you 're staying at one of the Taj Boston 's 42 fireplace suites , a fireplace butler will help you select your wood . A fireplace butler . The staff at the Taj Hotel in Boston sure do take their wood seriously . Those staying in one of the hotel 's 42 Junior and Executive Suites not only have a parlour with a working wood-burning fireplace , but also a fireplace butler on hand to help guests select the perfect , crackling firewood . The seasonal service is available from November to March and the ` Firewood Menu ' is every bit as extensive as you would expect in a city where winter nights reach bitter cold temperatures . Wood available includes birch , cherry , oak , maple and the signature ` Taj blend . ' In the edgy Venice Beach neighbourhood in LA , Hotel Erwin offers guests access to their in-house tattoo artist . An in-house tattoo artist . In the edgy Venice Beach neighbourhood of California , Hotel Erwin has a particularly rock and roll amenity on offer : the use of an in-house tattoo artist . Visitors will receive a $ 100 -LRB- £ 68 -RRB- voucher for a tattoo from the in-house artist with the special ` Ink and Stay ' package . Also provided is Lubriderm lotion , an ice pack and a bottle of tequila - conceivably to help numb the pain . And if anyone gets a tattoo that reads , ` I ♥ Hotel Erwin , ' that guest will receive a $ 500 -LRB- £ 339 -RRB- bonus . Film lovers from around the world can enjoy flicks picked by industry insiders at the W Hotel in London . Films hand-selected by industry insiders . Cinephiles visiting London will be thrilled to learn that the W Hotel - Leicester Square is now offering guests access to a curated library of films from four industry leaders . The ' W Film Files , ' as the programme is called , offers guests a selection of specially curated films - from the likes of the producer of The King 's Speech and the costume designer of Harry Potter - along with explanations about why the experts picked the flicks that they did . Plus , the hotel even boasts state of the art Screening Suites to allow visitors the chance to view their favourite picks in extreme comfort .