A 96-year-old paedophile became Britain 's oldest prisoner after he was jailed for the historic sexual abuse of two young girls . Gaston Pinsard was sentenced to 18 months behind bars after he admitted carrying out the assaults more than 50 years ago . The 96-year-old , who claimed he was himself abused at a notorious Jersey children 's home , first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old . Frail Gaston Pinsard , 96 , is thought to be Britain 's oldest serving prison . A judge branded the historic case ` distressing ' and ` unpleasant ' as he jailed the frail father-of-four . Guernsey 's Royal Court heard that Pinsard was born in 1919 and claimed he had endured years sexual abuse at the Haut de la Garenne children 's home . The Jersey home came under intense scrutiny in 2008 after police took statements from 192 alleged victims of historic child abuse . Pinsard joined the army after leaving Haut de La Garenne , where he realised his sexual outlook and experiences were different to other peoples . The court heard he later indecently assaulted the two young girls through curiosity and naivety . The abuse began in 1951 , and the court was told the victims did not report what was happening because they were too young to understand what was happening and that they trusted Mr Pinsard . He was first questioned by Guernsey Police officers last year and immediately confessed to carrying out the abuse over a nine year period . The court heard how Pinsard touched the first girl on numerous occasions between 1951 and 1955 , and the second between 1964 and 1969 at his home in St Sampson , Guernsey . In a statement read out in court Mr Pinsard admitted he felt ashamed and knew at the time what he was doing was wrong but he could not control it . Pinsard was married with four children at the time of the offences , which took place over a period of nine years and only stopped when he decided to ` stop his filthy habit ' . He explained to the court how he ` did n't want to hurt any children ' . His wife has now passed away , but Pinsard was accompanied to court by his son . At an earlier hearing the defendant , who uses a hearing aid , admitted nine charges of indecent assault . The Haut de La Garenne children 's home in Jersey , where the paedophile claims he was abused as a young boy . Pinsard 's defence asked the court to exercise extreme caution , suggesting it would be difficult for the prison to accommodate his needs and medication . In sentencing , Judge Russell Finch acknowledged it was ` a difficult situation ' and took his age and health into account , stating that a younger man would have received between seven and nine years . Accounting for the risk of the defendant becoming ill and dying in Prison , Mr Finch sentenced Pinsard to two 18-month sentences in Les Nicolles prison , which will run concurrently . The Prison Officers Association have said they believed Pinsard is the oldest serving prisoner in the British Isles . Pinsard was jailed for 18 months by Judge Russell Finch at Guernsey 's Royal Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- .