Real Madrid winger Gareth Bale will be rested for Saturday 's La Liga game at home to Eibar , coach Carlo Ancelotti said on Friday , meaning the Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines . Ancelotti said he had not made a final decision on who would come into his starting lineup for the game at the Bernabeu , when second-placed Real will look to close the gap on leaders Barcelona , who play at Sevilla later on Saturday , to one point . Asier Illarramendi and Isco will probably play alongside Luka Modric in midfield , with Jese joining Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema up front . Gareth Bale -LRB- centre -RRB- is being rested by Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti for the Eibar clash . The Real Madrid boss is to give young players Jese and Asier Illarramendi a game on Saturday . ` All I can say is that Illarra and Jese have a very good chance of playing , ' Ancelotti told a news conference . Real at least have Ronaldo available after the Spanish soccer federation -LRB- RFEF -RRB- rescinded a yellow card the Portugal forward was shown in Wednesday 's 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano which would have carried a one-match suspension . Ronaldo is the La Liga 's top scorer this season with 37 goals , four ahead of Barcelona 's Argentina forward Lionel Messi . Cristiano Ronaldo will play and hopes to add to his already 37 goals in La Liga , the league 's highest . Karim Benzema -LRB- R -RRB- and Alvaro Arbeloa in action during a training session at Valdebebas training ground . Ancelotti said Ronaldo 's Portugal team mate Pepe , a centre back , would be available both for Saturday and Tuesday 's Champions League quarter-final , first leg at Atletico Madrid after a short injury layoff . Germany midfielder Sami Khedira and Portugal left back Fabio Coentrao have back and knee problems respectively and will not be in the squad for the Eibar game . The modest Basque club are playing in Spain 's top flight for the first time this season but a recent poor run has left them in 14th with eight games left , in danger of dropping straight back down to the second division . Pepe -LRB- centre -RRB- is back in contention for Real 's clash with Eibar and Atletico Madrid to play after an injury . ` Our thought is only to play a good match and compete , which is a word we use a lot in our dressing-room , ' Eibar coach Gaizka Garitano told Marca sports daily in an interview published on Friday . ` We are not coming with any fear , ' added the 39-year-old , who will be keen to avoid a repeat of the 9-1 thrashing Real dealt Granada at the Bernabeu last weekend . ` We defend well , ' he said . ` We have lost quite a few games recently but nobody has scored more than two goals against us in those defeats . ' Madrid are four points behind rivals Barcelona in the La Liga title race and ca n't afford to slip-up .