It may have been Miley Cyrus ' pink heart-shaped nipple pasties that garnered all the attention when she paid honour to rocker Joan Jett on Saturday , but eagle-eyed fans were distracted by something else . Savvy social media users noticed that the 22-year-old , who attended the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland , Ohio , had given her razor a night off . Miley , 22 , who is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices , displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap . Scroll down for video . Miley Cyrus posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland , Ohio ... and it appears that she had given her razor a night off . One user , Hayley Mashteare , commented : ` Miley Cyrus does n't shave her armpits and that worries me ' , while Gucci Girl said that star 's armpit hairs were ` freaking her out ' . Jennifer Sidlow chimed in : ` Do n't care how feminist/hippy you are , having armpit hair like Miley Cyrus is just no ' . One fan account added : ` Armpit hair is disgusting , please shave Miley Cyrus . ' Miley Cyrus bares her armpits as she speaks onstage during the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony at Public Hall on Saturday . Miley 's somewhat bushy underarm area caused quite a stir on social media where many users advised Miley to pick up a razor and shave . Some users leapt to her defence , with El adding : ` Why do people even care that Miley Cyrus has armpit hair ? Like wow imagine that , a human with hair ! How gross ! ' A lot of users did n't understand why people were ` freaking out ' over the singer 's armpit hair , with Charlie saying : ` Miley Cyrus ' armpit hair is n't `` hideous '' , we all see men 's armpit hair but that 's apparently acceptable because they 're men . Please shut up ' Of course , loyal fans sprung to her defence . One , named Abi , tweeted : ` Stop telling @MileyCyrus to shave her armpits ? She 's a woman . She does n't have to do what you say ! There is nothing wrong with body hair . ' Stephanie added : ` People are losing their minds over Miley Cyrus not shaving her armpits . . how can hair offend you ? It 's hair ... ' El jumped in : ` Why do people even care that Miley Cyrus has armpit hair ? Like wow imagine that , a human with hair ! How gross ! ' . Whilst Miley 's personal grooming habits caused a social media stir , she is n't the first - and probably wo n't be the last - to shun her razor in favour of the fuzz . Scout Willis is also more than happy to show off her armpit hair on the red carpet and in her social media snaps . The 23-year-old daughter of Demi Moore and Bruce Willis has been seen working out with her armpit hair on show . Scout appeared to have grown out her underarm hair for an exhibition in February . Scott 's underarm hair was on display in a recent social media snap with her friends . Scott Willis , for one , is n't a fan of shaving - and prefers to embrace her underarm hairs . Scout is well-known as the voice of Free The Nipple , which campaigns for women 's body rights , and is more than happy to show off her armpit hair on the red carpet and in her social media snaps . The 23-year-old daughter of Demi Moore and Bruce Willis has been seen working out with her armpit hair on show , as well as when out and about with her pals . One picture , which was taken during a fitness session with sisters Rumer , 26 , and Tallulah , 20 , ignited debate on Tallulah 's social media page , with one Instagram follower writing : ` Pit hair is just ugly and stinky . ' And she found support from a fan who responded : ` Be comfortable in your own skin and do your thing girls !! As a mom of 3 daughters myself that 's all I 've got to say ! ' Another follower added : ` Guys open your minds ! We are not all made the same way ! ' Madonna , Pixie Lott , Juliette Lewis and Julia Roberts have all famously tried the carefree look , too . Julia Roberts revealing an unshaved armpit at the premiere of Notting Hill in 1999 , left , and Madonna showing off some serious underarm hair , which social media users pointed out could well be fake . Pixie Lott appeared to have taken beauty tips from Julia Roberts as she forgot to shave her armpits ahead of The Dark Knight Rises premiere in London in 2012 , left , while Juliette Lewis shows off her version of the au natural look at a party .