It was heralded as the world 's oldest musical instrument ; a bone with two holes in it seemingly made by Neanderthals to serenade their companions . But now a study says it 's not an instrument at all - but rather , simply a bone chewed by hyenas and left in a cave . The research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and , in fact , all such ` instruments ' attributed to Neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals . A researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks . The bone is shown here , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe , on show in Ljubljana . The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia . The latest analysis was conducted by Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences . In a paper published in the Royal Society of Open Science , he took a look at several ` musical instruments ' that had been attributed to Neanderthals . Neanderthals may have created and worn the world 's first jewellery 130,000 years ago , according to scientists . Researchers examining eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at Krapina in Croatia say they were used to create necklace or bracelet . The claws bear multiple cut marks , notches and signs that they had been polishing by the Neanderthals that once inhabited the site where they were found . Anthropologists at the University Kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in Europe . The findings add to evidence that Neanderthals were not the slow-witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as . One in particular , the Divje Babe Flute , is often said to be the world 's oldest musical instrument . The cave bear femur , pierced with two holes , was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia . Dr Diedrich said analysis of the bone shows the holes are teeth marks , and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed . In most caves , carnivore damage like this can be seen in about 20 per cent of animal remains and 80 per cent of bear cub remains . But while adult remains were often ` crushed to pieces ' , bear cubs often had certain patterns like this . ` These are not instruments , nor human made , but products of the most important cave bear scavengers of Europe , hyenas , ' Dr Diedrich wrote . ` Hyenas left bones in repeating similar tooth mark and crush damage stages , demonstrating a butchering/bone cracking strategy . ` Hyenas produced round-oval puncture marks in cub femora only by the bone-crushing premolar teeth of both upper and lower jaw . ' One instrument in particular , the Divje Babe Flute , is often said to be the world 's oldest musical instrument . The cave bear femur , pierced with two holes , was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park -LRB- shown -RRB- near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia . The latest analysis says that many bones found in caves can simply be attributed to animals around 30,000 years ago , rather than Neanderthals . Shown is an exhibit of the life of a Neanderthal family in a cave in the Neanderthal Museum in the northern town of Krapina in Croatia . The first ` Neanderthal flutes ' were discovered in Slovenia in the 1920s and , since then , many others have been identified . Sadly for those who thought Neanderthals might have played music in this way to one another , though , it seems the earlier analysis may have been wrong . Shown is the ` Divje Babe flute ' bear bone , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe , in the National Museum in Ljubljana . Dr Diedrich derides all the research that has gone into these bones so far . He also points out that there is no evidence on the bones that tools have been used to make the holes , further cementing the idea they were made by hyena teeth . What 's more , he also said that most of the ` bone flutes ' do not actually date from Neanderthal times - 200,000 to 30,000 years ago . Rather , he says they can more closely be attributed to the Aurignacian culture 38,000 to 29,000 years ago - sometimes said to be the first modern humans in Europe , owing to their grasp of using tools . ` The `` cave bear cub femora with holes '' are , in all cases , neither instruments nor human made at all , ' he concludes . ` All cave bear pseudo-bone flutes are not dated to Neanderthal Middle Palaeolithic Mousterian layers , but instead , if possible to date , to Late Palaeolithic , Aurignacian/Gravettian layers . ' He added : ` Hyenas left , therefore , `` pseudo-bone flutes '' during the Late Middle to Late Pleistocene all over Europe in cave bear dens , and on different cave bear species/subspecies . ` This is known due to lack of breakage on most of the cave bear cub femora , which generally show additional diagonal zigzag margins -LRB- from chewing joints by scissor teeth of hyenas -RRB- or have triangular or smaller scratch tooth marks . '