It 's the summer hang out of choice for Hiltons , Jenners , supermodels and many others with a money-is-no-object lifestyle , so it 's no wonder Coachella hits the hip pocket hard . Those lucky enough to snag a ticket to the star-studded -- on and off the stage - Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at the Empire Polo Club in Indio , California , which runs for its second weekend from April 17-19 , are spending more than any other major festival goers . While checking out headliners such as AC/DC , Jack White , Florence and the Machine and Madonna , who bizarrely made out with rapper Drake on Sunday , Coachella visitors pay an average of £ 187 per day according to Travel money specialist No. 1 Currency . Scroll down for video . Those who enjoy the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in California pay more than other revellers . The likes of Alessandra Ambrosio -LRB- centre -RRB- take in the famous fest that costs an average £ 187 per day . The Californian A-list magnet is narrowly ahead of Belgium 's Tommorowland for per-day costs according to the company after it ranked the price of the world 's most popular summer festivals , not including the cost of getting there , with costs varying drastically depending on the destination . If they indeed are required to reach into their own wallets , the likes of Alessandra Ambrosio and Brooklyn Beckham pay the highest-priced admission -LRB- £ 252 -RRB- , beer -LRB- £ 5.73 -RRB- and meal costs -LRB- £ 9 -RRB- of any summer fest . Tomorrowland , which this year features club superstars Carl Cox , David Guetta and Avicii when it 's held on July 25 , costs its visitors £ 186 per day . England 's Glastonbury , running June 24 to 28 and featuring Foo Fighters in 2015 , is the third most expensive with a £ 113 per day cost calculated from the five-day £ 565 ticket and an estimated average of £ 68 per day for meals and drinks . The price is clearly no object for revellers though as the festival , which includes camping prices in admission , was sold out in just 25 minutes back in October . Doing it her way : Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie flaunted her fantastic legs as she performed on Sunday . Belgium 's edition of the Tomorrowland festival pay one pound a day less than those in Coachella . Roskilde in Denmark -LRB- June 27-July 4 -RRB- sets festival-goers back £ 641 for its eight days of action with acts including Paul McCartney , Muse and Pharrell Williams but for a bargain week-plus festival head to Sziget in Budapest -LRB- August 10-17 -RRB- , which is 25 per cent cheaper and will host Robbie Williams , Kasabian and Foals among their acts . Both festivals have Florence and the Machine on the bill . No1 . Currency 's head of retail Simon Phillips said : `` Coachella is America 's answer to Glastonbury but , not only are tickets nearly impossible to get your hands on , it could be just as difficult to cover the costs . `` As the birth place of British festival culture , Glastonbury remains one of the most iconic and celebrated music events in our British calendar but , as our research shows , being a part of this tradition will cost you . England 's Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £ 113 per day cost but has above average food . Coachella is listed as the most expensive festival , while Exit Serbia works out cheapest . ` Tickets are not far behind those of Coachella in terms of prices , and neither is the cost of food and drink when you 're there -- unsurprising considering the festival is famous for having some of the best festival food around . ' Brits keen to get the best value festival experiences can look towards Serbia , where the Exit festival from July 9-12 is the cheapest with daily costs across its four days reaching just £ 54 . There a beer costs just £ 1 while you 'll watch Faithless , The Prodigy , Motorhead and more in the surrounds of the Petrovaradin Fortress in the city of Novi Sad , Serbia . Open ' er in Poland from July 1-4 is close behind with a day rate while checking out a line-up also featuring The Prodigy costing just £ 57 . Exit festival in the surrounds of the Petrovaradin Fortress in the city of Novi Sad , Serbia , is the best value . `` It can actually work out much better value to travel to a festival in mainland Europe than to stay at home , ' Phillips said . ` Not only does your cash go further in Central Europe , where food and drink in particular are relatively cheap compared to the UK , but Brits heading to festivals in the Eurozone this summer will enjoy the added bonus of a strengthening pound . For example , exchanging £ 300 for spending money this year you 'll get € 414 , compared to € 361 this time last year . ' `` It is worth ordering and picking up your spending money in the UK before you head off to your chosen festival , as cash machines are usually limited and you do n't want to waste hours queuing instead of catching your favourite bands perform , '' Phillips said .