Tim Sherwood has confirmed he will start Shay Given against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday , a day before the Irishman turns 39 . Given has been selected each round of the competition , beginning under Paul Lambert , and Sherwood said he would keep faith with his deputy goalkeeper . Brad Guzan , Villa 's No 1 , suffered heartbreak in 2010 , when he was understudy to Brad Friedel but played every round of the League Cup -- before being left out of the final against Manchester United by manager Martin O'Neill . Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa 's FA Cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets . Villa manager Tim Sherwood confirmed Given will start on Sunday , a day before the Irishman turns 39 . But Sherwood said there would be no such turnaround this year , with Given lasting until the final if Villa make it there . ` Shay plays . Absolutely , ' said Sherwood . ` He 's done nothing wrong Shay , he 's a large part of the reason we 're in this semi-final . ` The saves he made against Leicester were fantastic and at the right time . He trains fantastically well and he 's pushing Brad all the way for that No 1 spot . ' Sherwood watched his Villa side in training on Friday as they prepare for the weekend 's crunch clash . Tom Cleverley will be hoping to start at Wembley as he bids to impress with his loan expiring in the summer . Carlos Sanchez signed for Aston Villa from Elche during the summer and has made 31 appearences . Sherwood believes Villa can upset favourites Liverpool . ` It 's a very exciting game , a great opportunity for this club to get to an FA Cup final , ' he added . ` I 've lost semi-finals myself , not a great feeling . ` We 're going in with a positive state of mind . This club 's relegation is not at stake on Sunday it is about us maybe getting some glory for the football club . ` We have the mindest to win the game , impose ourselves on a very good Liverpool side , that 's what we intend to do . ` We think we 're capable , we have a good blend of players who can play and maybe go direct at time . We 're prepared to mix it up , we have a plan and we hope we can affect Liverpool . ' Fabian Delph -LRB- left -RRB- and Christian Benteke -LRB- right -RRB- were put through their paces ahead of Sunday 's semi-final . Joe Cole lifted the FA Cup three times during a seven-year stint at Premier League leaders Chelsea . Aston Villa defeated rivals West Brom 2-0 in the last round to book their semi-final appearance at Wembley .