A mother and child remain missing hours after their car was swept into a flooded creek in eastern Kentucky . Kentucky State Police Trooper Robert Purdy said the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County . Around 11:30 a.m. , the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them . Scroll down for video . A missing mother and son are missing after their car was swept away by rising flood waters in Kentucky . Residents on two floors of an apartment building in Okolona , Kentucky , were evacuated by the fire department . Buddy Rogers , spokesman for the Kentucky Division of Emergency Management , said Lee County authorities requested a state police helicopter to help try to find them , but the weather was too bad for an aerial search . The Lexington Fire Department sent a swift-water recovery team to assist with the search . They have not yet been found . Authorities in Louisville , Kentucky , made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm 's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation . One-hundred sixty three water rescues had been made in the area since 1 am Friday and residents continue asking authorities for help leaving their flooded homes , according to Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer . There was also a mandatory evacuation for the first floor of an apartment building in Okolona , Kentucky . Those living in first-floor apartments at the Guardian Court apartments were ordered to evacuate , while second-floor residents could decide to leave . More than 48 residents at the Guardian Court apartments had been taken out by boat , including second floor residents who were given to the choice to leave , according to WDRB . Half a foot of water had crept into homes in the building . The area had gotten seven inches of rain overnight , but no injuries were reported . Louisville 's fire department was stretched thin , as a six-alarm fire at a GE supply building in Buechel , Kentucky drew more than 100 workers to battle the blaze . The city 's zoo was closed because of a combination of the two events . The National Weather Service says a flash flood warning is in effect Friday morning for north central Kentucky . Up to two more inches of rain are expected throughout the day , according to WLKY . Winds up to 35mph and possible hail were expected for the afternoon . Red Cross officials made Louisville 's Broadbent Arena , which was home to the city 's ice hockey team , available for those who needed shelter . Dozens of vehicles were reported abandoned on the roadways . The Red Cross set up a shelter at Louisville 's Broadbent Arena for those forced from their homes on Friday morning . Authorities in Louisville made more than 100 water rescues , including an estimated 48 at Guardian Court in Okolona -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The Louisville fire department was put under more stress as it tried to balance water rescues with fighting normal fires . A man in shorts and sneakers holds an umbrella as rain comes down on Friday morning . The severe weather follows tornados in Oklahoma and Missouri as the storm system moves east . Water had flooded an underpass at the University of Louisville . No injuries had been reported from the flooding as of mid-morning . At least one road had been blocked by a mudslide and sections of I-64 in Indiana were closed . The flooding in the Ohio River Valley comes as a severe storm moves eastward from Oklahoma and southern Missouri . Two semi-trailer trucks were seen blown over on Interstate 44 near Afton , Oklahoma , as many counties were on the lookout for tornadoes , according to the Weather Channel . The twisters were seen down in Oklahoma , Missouri , Kentucky and Kansas , though no major damage was reported . Fifty thousand people were estimated to have lost power in Wichita , Kansas . Severe weather expected in much of the southern US on Friday , with a storm front stretching from eastern Texas to western Virginia . Flash flood warnings were in effect for northern Kentucky on Friday morning , with more rain expected throughout the day . A front of severe weather was expected to move across the southern US on Friday , stretching from Texas to Virginia .