Wisden , the cricket bible , has launched a stinging attack on English cricket and says that the national team have lost touch with the game 's public . Editor Lawrence Booth , also a respected cricket writer with Sportsmail , uses his notes to take England to task after a tumultuous year spent trying to recover from the bitter fall-out of losing the last Ashes series 5-0 . English cricket , says Booth in the 152nd edition of the fabled Almanack , which is published on Wednesday , ` repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all ' . Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on the ECB 's handling of Kevin Pietersen . The star batsman will ply his trade for Surrey in a bid to reclaim his spot in the England Test team . And he continues : ` A few wins might have deflected attention from a charge sheet that would include the mishandling of the Kevin Pietersen affair , worrying Test attendances outside London , a head in the sand attitude to the one-day team and - not yet a decade after the 2005 Ashes had presented English cricket with a golden chance to attract a new generation to the sport -- a fall in the number of recreational players . ` Starting with the drubbing in Australia , England lost eight full series out of all across the formats in 2014 , to say nothing of their defeat by the Netherlands at the World Twenty20 . In all , they lost 28 games . Only once had this been surpassed in a calendar year by one of the eight major teams -- the dysfunctional 2010 Pakistanis . ` National selector James Whitaker had called Cook `` our exceptional leader '' ; Paul Downton , the ECB 's new managing director , hailed Peter Moores as the `` outstanding coach of his generation '' . It was a nexus of self-preservation yet , as the wagons circled , the wheels kept threatening to fall off . ' The Wisden editor is just as scathing about England 's decision to sack Alastair Cook as one-day captain on the drink of what turned out to be the most disastrous World Cup in England 's history . Peter Moores presided over a disastrous World Cup but was labelled ` the outstanding coach of his generation ' by the ECB 's new managing director Paul Downton . The beleaguered Alastair Cook was stripped of the one-day captaincy before the World Cup debacle . ` To leave the sacking of Cook so late made little sense , ' says Booth . ` Had he stepped down in August after the 3-1 Test win over India he could have done so with his post-Ashes reputation partly restored . This would have allowed him to gather strength for the ludicrous run of 17 Tests in less than 10 months , starting in Great Optimism in Antigua in April 2015 and ending in Near Exhaustion in South Africa in January 2016 . -LRB- As someone pointed out , 17 Tests are almost a third of Don Bradman 's career . -RRB- . ` Trouble was , Cook had become more than just a cricketer : cast by his employers in the role of latter-day saint to Pietersen 's fallen angel , he was now an article of faith . Giles Clarke -LRB- the ECB chairman -RRB- even suggested the Cooks were `` very much the sort of people we want the England captain and his family to be '' which was all well and good but could n't stop him edging behind . Downton , Whitaker and Moores were all bound up with his fate . Cook had to succeed , as much for others as himself . It was an intolerable position . ` England overplayed their hand . The Test win over a supine India did not mean Cook would effect a similar transformation of the one-day side . This seemed obvious to everyone -- except to the men who run the game . ' But Booth , who also writes for Sportsmail , says Cook 's eventual sacking so late made little sense . National selector James Whitaker -LRB- right -RRB- had called Cook ` our exceptional leader ' Pietersen appeared on the Graham Norton Show - the presenter suggested ` team sport 's not for you ' England also come under attack for the way they handled the sacking of Pietersen , a situation where they had right on their side - plus the support of the bulk of those who follow the team around professionally - but somehow allowed the maverick to claim the morale high ground . A situation that , incredibly , is still going on , after Wisden went to press on this year 's edition . ` The ECB 's comments on the fall-out with Pietersen should have been clear and concise , ' writes Booth . ` If you 're widely regarded as a pain it helps if you 're scoring lots more runs than anyone else . Instead , England botched the PR battle . They hinted that some darker truth about his behaviour would emerge once a confidentiality agreement expired in October . Yet the lull merely prolonged the fiasco . And , when the dirt failed to materialise , the ECB looked rudderless . Worse , in the eyes of those agitating for an explanation , they looked indifferent . ` It was typical of a story beyond ECB 's control that their best moment was not of their own making . Having searched in vain for the words that justified his sacking , they were gifted a 324-page solution , an autobiography so full of rancour that BBC chat-show host Graham Norton suggested to Pietersen : `` Maybe , just maybe , team sport 's not for you . '' This year 's Wisden also includes both a withering review of Pietersen 's nasty book by the Mail on Sunday 's Patrick Collins , who retired this year after a distinguished career , and an excellent piece of the aspect of his career totally overlooked by Pietersen in his book -- batting that touched genius . Simon Hughes admirably fills the void that Pietersen left himself . Gary Ballance has been named one of Wisden 's five cricketers of the year in the new edition . Ballance 's Yorkshire team-mate Adam Lyth , called up by England , is also in the top five . Jeetan Patel -LRB- left -RRB- and Angelo Mathews make up the remainder of Booth 's top five cricketers . Sri Lanka 's brilliant Kumar Sangakkara clinched the title of leading cricketer in the world . Australia 's Meg Lanning -LRB- batting against England -RRB- is honoured with the inaugural women 's award . The thousands of disciples of Wisden always look immediately at who the editor has chosen as his five cricketers of the year , one of the oldest and most highly regarded prizes in sport . Booth has chosen well and predictably in the cases of Moeen Ali , who has the honour of being pictured on the front cover , Gary Ballance , Adam Lyth and Angelo Mathews and enterprisingly in Jeetan Patel , who is rewarded for his prolific season for Warwickshire . To me , the award suffers in that players are only allowed to be picked once . For instance , how good would it be if , on his retirement , a player would be described as a five-time Wisden cricketer of the year ? Booth is a progressive , brilliant , imaginative editor but perhaps such a move would be just a little too controversial for such a traditional vehicle as Wisden . The brilliant Kumar Sangakkara , who will be delighting championship audiences with Surrey this summer , is the leading cricketer in the world while , for the first time , there is an international woman cricketer of the year . Australia 's Meg Lanning is honoured with the inaugural women 's award . As ever , Wisden is a must for any cricket fan and even at a time of continuing turmoil for the England team and genuine concerns about cricket 's future world-wise , it is a reassuring presence however critical the editor is of it . Moeen Ali -LRB- England and Worcestershire -RRB- . England 's search for a spin bowler to replace Graeme Swann was thought to be doomed -- until Moeen Ali lit up the summer with 12 wickets in the Southampton and Manchester Tests against India . He finished the series with 19 at 23 apiece . Earlier in the season he had almost saved the Headingley Test against Sri Lanka , batting for all bar one ball of the final day . And , when he was promoted to open for the one-day side , he scored the third-fastest hundred by an England batsman , from 72 balls against Sri Lanka in Colombo . Moeen Ali celebrates taking the wicket of India 's Cheteshwar Pujara at Old Trafford last summer . Gary Ballance -LRB- England and Yorkshire -RRB- . Gary Ballance began the summer with a century in his first home Test , against Sri Lanka at Lord 's , and followed up with two more against India -- at Lord 's and Southampton . By the end of the season he boasted a Test average of over 60 . Gary Ballance celebrates reaching his century during the third test with India in Southampton last year . Adam Lyth -LRB- England and Yorkshire -RRB- . Yorkshire opening batsman Adam Lyth was the leading run-scorer in the County Championship , with 1,489 runs at an average of 67 and six hundreds , and was one of the pillars of his team 's triumph . He was rewarded with a place on England 's tour of the Caribbean in April 2015 . Yorkshire 's Adam Lyth was the leading run-scorer in the 2014 County Championship season . Angelo Mathews -LRB- Sri Lanka -RRB- . Angelo Mathews was the inspiration behind Sri Lanka 's first Test series victory in England . After helping to save the First Test at Lord 's with a century , he made 160 -- and took four wickets -- as Sri Lanka came from behind to win in Leeds . Mathews also led his team to wins in the one-day series and the one-off Twenty20 international . Angelo Mathews after making 160 for Sri Lanka in the second Test with England at Headingley . Jeetan Patel -LRB- New Zealand and Warwickshire -RRB- . New Zealand off-spinner Jeetan Patel was central to Warwickshire 's success across all three formats . He claimed 107 victims in total , more than anyone in the country , and his 25 wickets in the NatWest T20 Blast -- the most in the competition -- helped his side lift the trophy on home turf at Edgbaston . Jeetan Patel takes the final wicket as Warwickshire beat Middlesex in last year 's County Championship .