Joke : Hayleigh Mcbay , of Elgin in Moray , Scotland , pretended to dump her boyfriend David Clarke . A teenage girl was left red-faced today after an April Fools ' Day prank she made on her boyfriend backfired spectacularly . Hayleigh Mcbay , 17 , pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight for a joke . But the girl from Elgin in Moray , Scotland , was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up . College student Hayleigh texted her partner on the social media app with the words : ` I do n't want to be with you any more . I am not happy . ' But David replied : ` Thank God you said it first so I did n't have to . ' Shocked , Hayleigh shot back : ` What ? What do you mean ? So you do n't want to be with me ? ' Soon after her boyfriend revealed that he had also been playing an April Fools ' Day prank . Seeing the funny side , Hayleigh then uploaded a screenshot of the conversation to Twitter , with the caption : ` Well , my April Fools ' backfired : s. ' The tweet has seen been retweeted more than 12,000 times and favourited more than 11,000 . While many have seen the funny side of the post , others have taken to trolling Hayleigh with hateful comments . One user wrote : ` Biggest f ****** staged load of s *** I 've ever seen . Die . ' Hayleigh replied to the comments by tweeting : ` Just to clarify , me and David did not plan that - but he guessed it was April Fools ' so jokingly replied . Sad that I have to specify that . ' But she stopped short of another gag - telling followers yesterday : ` Ca n't even prank my mum and tell her I 'm pregnant tomorrow because she 'll be so disappointed when I tell her I 'm joking . ' Retweeted : A snapshot of the WhatsApp conversation Hayleigh , 17 , had with her boyfriend David Clarke . Joke : Hayleigh texted David on the social media app with the words : ` I do n't want to be with you any more ' Explanation : The tweet Hayleigh uploaded after the attacks from trolls that she received on Twitter . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video .