Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton after struggling with post-traumatic stress disorder following tours of duty abroad . A soldier who suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after a series of tours abroad wrote suicide notes before taking a fatal overdose , an inquest has heard . Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton , Greater Manchester wearing five war medals after struggling to adapt to civilian life , a coroner was told . The father-of-three had served in the First Gulf War , Bosnia , Angola and Northern Ireland in the Royal Engineers from 1989 until 2000 . The 42-year-old had witnessed the ` significant violence only soldiers experience ' , the hearing at Bolton Coroners Court was told . After retiring from the army , he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- , depression and Fibromyalgia , a chronic condition causing deep muscle pain . His family members told the court that Cpl Walmsley 's two marriages had ended divorce . He had spent some time in Germany over the last decade before returning to the UK to rebuild relationships with his family , relatives said . Stepfather Michael Richards told the hearing : ` He 'd always been such a fit lad . But when he came back he had to use a stick because he was so fatigued . ' Mr Richards said his stepson had questioned the support given to former servicemen and women . The inquest heard he had previously taken an overdose and told his family he had tried to take his own life . But he discharged himself from the hospital before he had a mental health assessment . In the weeks leading up to his death , his family said Cpl Walmsley had seemed optimistic . Yet on November 4 last year , he had appeared distressed to friends and sent text messages to his mother telling her he was in pain . He was discovered dead on November 6 . Police officers found a notebook with several suicide notes inside , the hearing was told . Cpl Walmsley was among British troops in the First Gulf War -LRB- pictured in file photo -RRB- , as well touring Bosnia . The coroner ruled that , without dates on the notes , he could not be certain Cpl Walmsley had attempted suicide . Recording misadventure as a verdict , Coroner Alan Walsh said : ` During his service he would have experienced things only soldiers go through . ` I hope his children are reminded of the bravery he showed in serving his country . ' On PTSD among soldiers , the coroner added : ` I do believe it is important that we acknowledge the stress the disorder causes and the total change it causes to someone 's life . Those who do serve in the armed forces witness experiences beyond their imagination . ' For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .