Chelsea will try to add another trophy to their ever-expanding cabinet when the Under 19 team take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League on Monday afternoon . Adi Viveash 's team will start as favourites in Nyon , Switzerland after their resounding 4-0 win over Roma in the semi-finals on Friday , a result which continued their free-scoring form in this competition . Ahead of the final , we bring you everything you need to know . Chelsea striker Dominic Solanke starred in his side 's emphatic 4-0 semi-final win over Roma on Friday . Solanke has scored 11 UEFA Youth League games during Chelsea 's route to the final in Nyon , Switzerland . REMIND ME , WHAT IS THE UEFA YOUTH LEAGUE ? In a nutshell , it 's the Champions League - but for Under 19 teams . In its second season , the Youth League was created by UEFA to enable up-and-coming players in Europe 's leading academies to gain valuable experience of playing in continental competition . The group phase runs in parallel with its big brother , with the same 32 teams as in the Champions League matched in the same groups . The main difference is that the knockout rounds are single-legged and the semi-finals and final in the same place over the course of one weekend . SO , WHERE IS THAT ? Monday 's final will be played at the Stade Colovray , which is situated in the shadow of UEFA 's headquarters in Nyon , Switzerland . It 's a pleasant spot , overlooking Lake Geneva , and is the home of Stade Nyonnais , who play in the Swiss third tier . It 's capacity is 7,200 and pretty big crowds were there enjoying the sunshine and the football in Friday 's semi-finals . WHEN IS THE GAME AND CAN I WATCH IT ? It will kick-off at 3 pm UK time and the match is live on British Eurosport . WHO WON THE COMPETITION LAST YEAR ? The maiden winners of the Youth League were Barcelona , who defeated Benfica 3-0 in a one-sided final . The goals came from Rodrigo and a double from Munir El Haddadi , the competition 's top goalscorer with 11 and now a member of the first-team squad . There was no English representation in the last four , though both Chelsea and Manchester City had made it to the quarter-finals . HOW HAVE THE BRITISH CLUBS DONE THIS YEAR ? Chelsea , obviously , have made it all the way . Manchester City went out to Roma in the last eight , while both Arsenal and Liverpool tumbled out at the last 16 stage . Arsenal lost 1-0 to Atletico Madrid and Liverpool were beaten 2-1 by Benfica . ALL HOPES WITH CHELSEA THEN ? Yes , and they will enter Monday 's match as the marginal favourites . It is well-established that the Stamford Bridge academy is one of the best in England and last season saw the Under 21 team claim the Premier League title and the Under 18s win the FA Youth Cup . They will take on Manchester City in this season 's Youth Cup final , too , over the next couple of weeks , their fifth final in six seasons . Having missed out on the NextGen Series title to Aston Villa two years ago , this is an excellent opportunity to assert their claim as one of Europe 's best academies too . Chelsea 's Isaiah Brown -LRB- left -RRB- tussle for the ball with Roma 's Silvio Anocic -LRB- right -RRB- in the box . WHO HAVE THEY BEATEN TO GET THIS FAR ? The Blues made a statement of intent in the group phase , winning five of their six matches and racking up 24 goals in the process . Slovenians Maribor were beaten 2-0 at home and 7-0 away , while Sporting Lisbon suffered 5-0 and 6-0 drubbings . Germans Schalke , who knocked Chelsea out last season , were beaten 4-1 before managing to win 2-0 at home . Chelsea then overcame Russians Zenit St Petersburg 3-1 in the last 16 courtesy of goals from Dominic Solanke , Kasey Palmer and Charlie Colkett . Atletico Madrid were then seen off 2-0 at Cobham in the quarters , with an own goal and another from Solanke securing their passage to Switzerland . But their most impressive performance came in the semi-final with Roma on Friday as a flurry of second-half goals from Colkett , Solanke -LRB- 2 -RRB- and Tammy Abraham left Roma in ruins . Chelsea 's Ruben Loftus-Cheek -LRB- right -RRB- and Roma 's Jose Machin -LRB- left -RRB- battle for the ball on Monday . WHAT ARE THEY SAYING ? Coach Viveash was effusive about his team 's qualities after their drubbing of Roma , telling Uefa.com : ` I 'm very proud -- proud of the players , proud of the staff who have worked very hard to get to this stage . When you see players perform like that it brings warmth to your heart . ` I feel very proud to work with that calibre of player and to watch them play is wonderful for everyone who works in our academy . They were excellent from minute one to minute 94 and thoroughly deserve their place in the final . ' Tournament top scorer Solanke , who took his season 's tally to 11 Youth League goals with a brace , added : ` I 'm over the moon . We had quite a difficult journey yesterday because our flight was cancelled , so we had to get on with it today . It 's amazing to reach the final . ` It 's such a big tournament containing some of the best teams in the world . The level has gone up in the knockout games , but we 've stepped things up as well and managed to reach the final . ' WHO IS THE COACH ? Adi Viveash is a former defender who played for Swindon Town , Walsall and Reading in the Football League during an 18-year playing career . He joined Chelsea 's academy in 2008 , starting with the Under 12 team and working his way up . In July 2011 , he was appointed Under 18 coach and led the team to two FA Youth Cup triumphs in three seasons . Viveash stepped up to take charge of the under 21 team this season and doubles up to lead the under 19 side in the Youth League . MEET THE PLAYERS . Bradley Collins - The 18-year-old goalkeeper has become Chelsea 's first choice during this Youth League run and , having been at the club since the age of 12 , was rewarded with a first professional contract last summer . Jared Thompson - The goalkeeper featured in three of Chelsea 's group stage games and did n't let in a single goal . Has represented both England and Northern Ireland at Under 16 level . Ola Aina - Forward-thinking right back who has shone in Chelsea 's FA Youth Cup successes and has also played in the Under 21 team . An England youth international up to Under 19 standard . Andreas Christensen - Denmark under 21 centre-half who has made two-first team appearances for Jose Mourinho this season - one in the Capital One Cup at Shrewsbury and a second against Bradford City in the FA Cup . Jake Clarke-Salter - Powerful centre back who played a prominent role in Chelsea 's FA Youth Cup success last season and has graduated to the Under 21s as well as signing professional terms this season . Jake Clarke-Salter will have to be on top form at the back if Chelsea are to keep out Shakhtar Donetsk . Jay Dasilva - Quick left back who has skipped on quickly from the youth team to the Under 21s this season . Helped England qualify for this summer 's European Under 17 Championships in Bulgaria this summer . Fikayo Tomori - The defender has played predominantly for the youth team , and has played some part in eight Youth League games this campaign . Made his Under 21 debut before Christmas . Ali Suljic - Swedish defender who turned down Arsenal to sign for the Blues from Motala in 2013 . Awaiting his debut in this competition . Charlie Colkett - Scored three goals in the group phase and also netted in the last 16 and the semi-finals . Has captained the Under 18s to another Youth Cup final this season and is an England Under 19 international . Izzy Brown - The captain of this side , 18-year-old forward Brown is already a first-team squad member . He was an unused substitute in Chelsea 's League Cup win over Shrewsbury and is also in England 's Under 19 side . Ruben Loftus-Cheek - Graceful central midfield player with a fine range of passing and an eye for goal . Loftus-Cheek is also a part of Jose Mourinho 's first team squad and made his Premier League debut as a late sub against Manchester City back in January . Kyle Scott - The midfielder has placed twice in Chelsea 's run to the final . Is eligible to play for England , Ireland and the United States internationally . Kasey Palmer - England Under 18 international who has a penchant for spectacular goals . Plays frequently for the youth team and has made five appearances in Europe this season . Dominic Solanke - the European stage has brought the best out of the forward , who has scored 11 times in the Youth League so far . The England Under 18 international made his senior debut against Maribor in the Champions League back in October . Charly Musonda - Belgium Under 21 international who recently committed to Chelsea until 2019 . Musonda scored a vital goal to help the Blues to the Under 21 title last season and also featured in last season 's Youth Cup win . Chelsea 's Charlie Musonda -LRB- right -RRB- controls the ball during his side 's semi-final clash . Jeremie Boga - French playmaker with pace and the ability to beat defenders . Boga has featured in Chelsea 's Youth Cup successes and now plays regularly for the Under 21s . Has scored four in five in the Youth League this season . Tammy Abraham - Forward with a good goalscoring record , including four in six matches in the Youth League this season . Came off the bench to round off the win over Roma on Friday . Ike Ugbo - The forward has played just 11 minutes of the Youth League campaign but recently helped England 's Under 17s qualify for the European Championships .