Just a day after being released from jail , the man who was beaten by cops following a two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback has spoken out to detail his painful arrest . Helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching 30-year-old Francis Pusok more than 80 times on Thursday , after he fled his southern California home when they tried to arrest him for identity theft charges . In an interview with NBC 4 on Monday , Pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear ` This is n't over ' . Scroll down for video . Scarring experience : Francis Pusok -LRB- left -RRB- spoke for the first time on Monday , four days after he was beaten up by cops in footage taken from a helicopter . His girlfriend of 13 years , Jolene Bindner , pictured center . When San Bernardino County Sheriff 's deputies arrived at Pusok 's house on Thursday , he said he fled ` because any contact with police has been negative for me ' . As the chase was coming to a close about two and a half hours later , video shows Pusok falling to the ground as he is hit with a taser and two deputies approach . The officers then start to assault Pusok , and later claimed that his taser had been ineffective due to his loose clothing - even though Pusok is clearly seen convulsing from the electric shock in the helicopter footage . On the run : Pusok fled his house in San Bernardino County on Thursday after Sheriff 's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges . He led police on a more than two-hour long chase , part of it on horseback . On the ground : At the end of the chase , police officers shot Pusok with a taser and he fell to the ground . Pusok claims they handcuffed him within 15 seconds and then continued to beat him despite the fact he was lying helpless on the ground . Cruel : The helicopter continued to record the first two cops beating Pusok up as more deputies swooped in . Under investigation : In the aftermath of the disturbing video , 10 officers have been placed on paid administrative leave while the incident is investigated . Pusok estimates that within 15 seconds of the first taser hit , the cops had him in handcuffs but says they continued to assault him and yelled ` stop resisting ' even though he was laying face down on the ground . He says the officers went on to tase him two more times after he was in handcuffs . Pusok remembers the cops ` hitting me every place that they could hit me - anywhere and everywhere . ' ` I thought I was being beaten to death , ' said Pusok . . ` I was wondering , `` When is it going to stop ? '' ' Bruised : Pusok sports a painful black eye in his booking photo . He was released from jail on Sunday . After the incident , Pusok was arrested on suspicion of evading , stolen property , reckless driving and theft of a horse . He was treated for his injuries while being held at West Valley Detention Center where he was released Sunday night at bail . A court hearing has been scheduled for June 16 , but San Bernardino County Prosecutors said Monday that they had not yet made a decision on whether to file formal charges against Pusok . Meanwhile , 10 officers - including a sergeant and a detective - involved in the incident have been placed on paid leave as the FBI starts an investigation into whether excessive force was used in the arrest . San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said last week that he was ` disturbed and troubled ' by the video and that an internal investigation is underway into the deputies ' actions . A criminal inquiry into the actions of the suspect is also being carried out , he said . However , he said that the department will not release the names of deputies - which apparently include a sergeant and a detective - until they are sure that multiple threats made are not valid . In his interview on Monday , Pusok said he thinks his prior run-ins with police may have sparked their violent backlash . Indeed , Pusok 's lengthy criminal record includes charges of obstructing an officer and resisting an officer , as well as attempted robbery , animal cruelty and fighting or offensive words . Deputies have been called to Pusok 's home before , during which he threatened to kill a deputy and shot a puppy in front of his family , Sheriff McMhaon said . Disturbing : San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon says he was ` disturbed and troubled ' by the video and that he has launched an internal investigation . However , Pusok 's pregnant girlfriend , Jolene Bindner , says some of the prior charges against her longtime partner have been trumped up . Bindner told NBC that the charges he threatened to kill a police officer are ` absolutely not true . I was there the whole time . ' She also said that Pusok , father of their three children , was arrested in 2002 for driving at unsafe speed on a sidewalk but that he was only riding a bicycle at the time . What concerns Bindner the most though was the one deputy 's alleged whispered threat of ` This is n't over ' at the end of the beating . ` That concerns me because we have children together and I do n't want any kind of retaliation against me or my children , ' she said . Doing better : After visiting her longtime partner in jail on Sunday , Pusok 's girlfriend Jolene Bindner said he was on the road to recovery . Threats : The couple share three children together and have another on the way . Bindner -LRB- left -RRB- says she is concerned about a deputy who whispered ` This is not over ' to her boyfriend at the end of the beating . Pusok 's attorney Jim Terrell said his client 's criminal history has nothing to do with any possible excessive force case . ` If it was n't for that helicopter and the camera ... they would be charging him with 10 counts of battering a police officer , ' Terrell said . ` That 's how it rolls here , that 's what goes on every single day . ' Pusok 's beating came as recent violent episodes by officers dealing with suspects have hit the headlines , including the killing of Walter Scott in North Charleston , South Carolina , last weekend . Scott , 50 , who was unarmed , was shot dead by 33-year-old Officer Michael Slageras he ran away from him during a traffic stop . Slageras has since been arrested and charged with murder . The American Civil Liberties Union released a statement saying it is ` deeply troubled by the video images ' and applauding McMahon 's call for an investigation .