Having been on the receiving end of a 6-1 thumping , a defeat like that could be justifiably met with a backlash by angry supporters . Watching a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage turn into a 7-4 deficit come the end of the reverse encounter too could send many fans apoplectic at the capitulation of their side . However that does n't appear the case for those devoted to Porto . Porto supporters gave their team a hero 's welcome following their 6-1 defeat at Bayern Munich on Tuesday . Porto star striker Jackson Martinez was one of many players to look perplexed by their warm reception . Porto boss Julen Lopetegui -LRB- left -RRB- was hugged by fans congratulating him on their Champions League run . Police escorts were needed to keep the delirious supporters at bay as the Porto team bus drove past . The team bus was met with a cacophony of noise from Porto supporters proudly chanting about their club . On their return from a humiliating Champions League quarter-final loss at the hands of Bayern Munich on Tuesday night , the squad were given a heroes reception as they arrived back in Portugal . In the early hours of Wednesday morning , fans mobbed the squad congratulating them on their run in the tournament . Star striker Jackson Martinez and Ricardo Quaresma were one of many Porto players who looked perplexed as they were hugged by fans before they making their way on to the team bus - set upon a cacophony of fiercely-proud chanting . It was the first time that Porto , who had been unbeaten in this season 's tournament up until Tuesday night , had reached the quarter-finals of the Champions League since the 2008-09 season . Goals from Thomas Muller , Thiago Alcantara , Jerome Boateng , Xabi Alonso and a double from Robert Lewandowski saw Bayern win the tie emphatically - despite Martinez 's second half header giving the visitors some hope in the second leg . ` We did n't play well in the second half and we conceded an early goal , ' Porto coach Julen Lopetegui admitted after the match . ` Bayern is one of the best teams in the world and the favourite to win the title ... We knew they would come down the sides and we tried to prevent their attacks but we failed . ` We have to accept it and we can be proud of what we showed in the Champions League . ' Thiago Alcantara -LRB- centre -RRB- opened the floodgates for Bayern with a header on 14 minutes at the Allianz Arena . Porto manager Lopetegui -LRB- right -RRB- admitted his side were beaten by much the better team after the match .