Scottish drinkers are so cautious of the country 's new drink-driving limits bar sales have plummeted by 60 per cent - a reduction in spending so severe it 's damaging the country 's financial growth . Under the new Scottish drink-drive law , enacted on December 5 , the limit was cut from 80 mg per 100 ml of blood to just 50 mg . And the effect of the drop in sales is so severe , it is being blamed for a poor result in the country 's latest Bank of Scotland PMI report . Scotland 's tough new drink driving law is being blamed for stalling the country 's financial growth . Donald MacRae , chief economist at Bank of Scotland , said : ` Manufacturing exporters have been affected by the falling euro while services businesses in hospitality are seeing a changing pattern of spending resulting from the lowered alcohol limit while driving . ' The report follows a February study which revealed the country 's bar sales had dropped by 60 per cent when the new limit was introduced . Publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006 smoking ban . Paul Waterson , chief executive of the Scottish Licensed Trade Association , told The Independent the new law - which matches limits across much of Continental Europe - was a ` form of prohibition ' . He said : ` It 's stopped people having a drink at lunchtime , or having a drink on the way home from work . People are n't coming in for food with their families on a Sunday afternoon . Hospitality industry leaders claim the new law is stopping moderate drinkers from having a tipple at lunch or on their way home from work . ` We feel it 's had an effect far worse than the smoking ban had in 2006 . There 's questions being asked about the future of the trade -- it 's probably the last nail in the coffin for independent operators . ' The February study , carried out by purchasing firm Beacon , revealed there was a surge in interest in non-alcoholic drinks and smaller glass sizes . Tennant Hilditch , director of sales , said the first two months of the new drink driving laws had shown a ` real impact ' on the country 's hospitality industry . He said : ` Traditional lunchtime drinkers , or post-golf drinkers in the clubhouse have been particularly affected by the new rules . ` So much so , that we are seeing demand for smaller glasses , weaker beers , a trend towards introducing earlier lunch sittings so guests or golfers can stay longer and do not return to the roads as quickly , as well as an increased interest in `` mocktails '' . ' In the wake of the law change , Police Scotland assistant chief constable Bernard Higgins encouraged drinkers to ` leave the car at home ' if they were planning to go for a drink . He said : ` There is no safe amount of alcohol in the body if you drive . It is clear when it comes to drinking and driving , that the simple `` the best advice is none '' message is the right one . ' While the limit brings Scotland in line with the rest of Europe , it is significantly lower than that of England and Wales - which remains at 80 mg per 100 ml of blood .