With just two weekends of Football League action to play , and one in the Conference , it is crunch time for a number of clubs . Some are fighting for promotion and some relegation , but this Saturday could see a number of ups and downs in English football . Here , Sportsmail 's guide takes you through the permutations in the Championship , League One , League Two and the Conference . Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win . Rotherham 's desire to stave off relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction . Steve McClaren will be desperate to manage in the Premier League again ; Derby can secure a play-off spot . Championship . Watford -LRB- away to Brighton -RRB- will be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth -LRB- home to Bolton , Monday -RRB- or Middlesbrough -LRB- away to Fulham -RRB- lose and Norwich -LRB- away to Rotherham -RRB- fail to win . Derby -LRB- away to Millwall -RRB- will make sure of a play-off place if they win . Ipswich -LRB- home to Nottingham Forest -RRB- will make sure of a play-off place if they win and both Brentford -LRB- away to Reading -RRB- and Wolves -LRB- away to Wigan -RRB- fail to win . The situation at the bottom is complicated by Rotherham 's three-point deduction for fielding an ineligible player . If Rotherham win , Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win . If Rotherham win , Millwall will be relegated if they lose . League One . Preston -LRB- home to Swindon -RRB- will be promoted if they win and MK Dons -LRB- away to Rochdale -RRB- lose . Sheffield United -LRB- away to Leyton Orient -RRB- and Chesterfield -LRB- home to Bristol City -RRB- will be guaranteed play-off places with wins or if Rochdale fail to win . Leyton Orient -LRB- home to Sheff Utd -RRB- and Notts County -LRB- home to Doncaster -RRB- will be relegated if they lose and Crewe -LRB- away to Coventry -RRB- win and Crawley -LRB- away to Peterborough -RRB- avoid defeat . Colchester -LRB- away to Fleetwood -RRB- will be relegated if they lose and Crewe and Crawley win and Port Vale -LRB- away to Yeovil -RRB- avoid defeat . Jermaine Beckford -LRB- left -RRB- and Daniel Johnson celebrate ; Preston can be promoted if they win and MK Dons lose . Burton Albion have already been promoted but they can secure champion status this weekend . League Two . Already-promoted Burton -LRB- home to Northampton -RRB- will be champions if they win and Shrewsbury -LRB- away to Cheltenham -RRB- fail to win . Shrewsbury will be promoted if they win or if one of Wycombe -LRB- home to Morecambe -RRB- or Southend -LRB- home to Luton -RRB- fails to win . Stevenage -LRB- home to Carlisle -RRB- will guarantee a play-off place if they win or if one of Plymouth -LRB- home to Tranmere -RRB- or Luton fails to win . Tranmere will be relegated if they lose and if one of Hartlepool -LRB- home to Exeter -RRB- or Cheltenham win . Tranmere will also be relegated if they fail to win and Hartlepool win . Cheltenham will be relegated if they lose and Hartlepool win . ... . Conference . Barnet -LRB- home to Gateshead -RRB- will be promoted as champions if they win . Bristol Rovers -LRB- home to Alfreton -RRB- will be promoted as champions if they win and Barnet fail to win . Eastleigh -LRB- home to Kidderminster -RRB- and Forest Green -LRB- home to Dover -RRB- will guarantee play-off places if they win or if Macclesfield -LRB- away to Torquay -RRB- fail to win . Macclesfield need to win and hope either Eastleigh lose or Forest Green fail to win . Barring a 14-goal swing , Alfreton will be relegated if they lose . Welling -LRB- home to Southport -RRB- will be relegated if they lose and Alfreton draw or if they draw and Alfreton win . Southport will be relegated if they lose and Alfreton win by reversing an eight-goal goal-difference deficit . It is make or break for Bristol Rovers boss Darrell Clarke this weekend - they can be promoted as champions .