Television personality and author Bill Nye ` the Science Guy ' joined President Barack Obama today for an Earth Day excursion , riding aboard Air Force One with the president during his visit to the Florida Everglades . Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner , telling them , I love the smell of jet fuel , according to an account provided to White House reporters . The White House said Tuesday that Nye , who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children , ` Bill Nye the Science Guy , ' would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president . On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again , a 1,836 mile flight , Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president 's jet as it burns up more than 9,180 gallons of fuel . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . Television personality and author Bill Nye ` the Science Guy ' joined President Barack Obama today for an Earth Day excursion , riding aboard Air Force One with the president during his visit to the Florida Everglades . Nye held court with press before boarding the airliner , telling them that he loves the smell of jet fuel . Global warming triumverate Barack Obama -LRB- center -RRB- Bill Nye -LRB- left -RRB- and Neil DeGrasse Tyson -LRB- right -RRB- shared a selfie moment in the Blue Room of the White House last year . Off to save the planet : Obama flew nearly 2,000 miles round-trip on Earth Day to the Florida Everglades and back . Nye told press it was his first time on the president 's private jet , but he once rode AF2 with former Vice President Al Gore . And , while he was working as an engineer at Boeing in 1978 , Nye said he designed an anti-vibration tube for the horizontal stabilizer that is used in the company 's 747 planes , and likely AF1 . In a tweet last night , Nye said he was ` heading down to DC to catch an #EarthDay flight on Air Force One with President Obama . ` We 're going to ' #ActonClimate , ' he wrote . ` That said , the excitement , much like #climatechange , is real , ' he added in a follow-up tweet a minute later . The statements were met with puzzled responses . ` Does n't jet travel leave a big carbon footprint ? ' user Timothy Grome wrote . ` Hmm , seems ironic . does n't seem very climate friendly earth day , ' Allison B. of Galveston , Texas , said . White House communications director Jen Psaki got some ` cool points ' today by posing for a selfie with Nye . Obama used the Earth Day trip to promote his administration 's commitment to cutting carbon pollution and preserving Florida 's wetlands , taking a tour of Everglades National Park and giving a speech that was first cancelled this morning for the public because of heavy showers , then rescheduled . ` I ca n't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our nation 's greatest natural treasures , the Everglades , ' he told his audience , calling the swamp , which he acknowledged is not technically a swamp , ` magical . ' Asked on Monday if the president risks ` undermining ' his message on greenhouse gases by adding to emissions with his own travel , Obama 's spokesman , Josh Earnest , said , ` no , he does n't ' and repeated the administration 's talking points on the harmful effects of carbon pollution . ` That is precisely the case that the President will be making at the Everglades . And he 's looking forward to the trip , ' Earnest concluded . He then directed the reporter , CBS News ' Mark Knoller , to the Department of Defense and the Presidential Airlift Group for information on what the United States Air Force is doing to make the president 's travel more environmentally friendly . The White House 's official photographer , Pete Souza , posted this image to Instagram today with the following caption : ` It 's @billnye -LRB- The Science Guy -RRB- on Marine One talking science on Earth Day with the President , Interior Secretary Sally Jewell and Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz ' ` I can say as a general matter that the Department of Defense has acknowledged that climate change does pose a national security threat to the United States , ' Earnest added . ` And there are a lot of practices that the Department of Defense has taken to try to reduce their carbon footprint . ' Knoller , the unofficial historian of the modern White House , also frequently calculates how much fuel AF1 guzzles up -- including during today 's trip . Florida 's Republican governor Rick Scott lit into Obama and Congress in anticipation of the president 's visit . He accused them of not providing his state with what he believes to be appropriate financial resources to protect the Everglades . ` Our environment is too important to neglect and it 's time for the federal government to focus on real solutions and live up to their promises , ' he said in a statement . Earnest mocked the GOP executive in comments to CBS DC and noted that Scott had ` outlawed employees in the State of Florida from even uttering the word `` climate change . '' ' ` It 's a little rich for someone who has made that declaration that somehow the president has not been sufficiently committed to defending the Everglades from the causes of climate change , ' he said .