Mirko ` Cro Cop ' Filipovic delivered on his promise to exact revenge as he stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round of their long-awaited heavyweight rematch in Krakow . Eight years after their first encounter in which Gonzaga delivered a stunning knockout , Filipovic endured a tough opening two sessions before making his move . Mirko ` Cro Cop ' Filipovic made a slow start against Gabriel Gonzaga . After dropping his rival to the canvas , he finished the job with his elbows before the referee stepped in . Filipovic had not fought in the UFC since 2011 and made a slow start as Gonzaga stalked his opponent , trying to land with his hands . Brazilian Gonzaga attempts a leg lock submission against Filipovic . He took the fight to the floor , looking for the finish , but Filipovic defended well and pulled free , albeit conceding the round in the process . And Gonzaga continued to dominate in the second round , catching a kick and taking Filipovic to the ground and there they stayed for the remainder of a session that also went Gonzaga 's way . But the fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round . After a clinch against the cage , Filipovic launched an assault on the break , dropping his opponent after repeated blows on the inside . Referee Leon Roberts stops the fight after Filipovic dropped his rival . Once down , Gonzaga was clearly in trouble and as the blows reined in , the referee stepped in to stop the punishment . In the co-main event , London 's Jimi Manuwa made a successful return to the Octagon after a year on the sidelines by outpointing Jan Blachowicz . Manuwa had never been beyond the second round in his career but this cagey affair looked destined to be left in the hands of the judges from the opening stages . Jimi Manuwa celebrates after his decision victory over Jan Blachowicz of Poland . In the end , the visitor was given the nod by scores of 30-27 twice and 29-28 . There was mixed results for the other two Brits on the card as Stevie Ray enjoyed a winning debut with a second-round stoppage of Marcin Bandel but Joanne Calderwood was submitted by Maryna Moroz in the first round .