It 's the must-have wedding snap for newlyweds -- the happy couple celebrating with their closest family and friends after they tie the knot . But not everyone was smiling after Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills . Take a closer look at Macca 's wedding party picture and you 'll spot his daughters Stella and Mary looking decidedly glum . Scroll down for video . The pair -- daughters of Sir Paul 's first wife Linda , who died of cancer four years previously -- were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner . The remarkable picture is a portent of the bitterness that would follow the wedding in 2002 -- as Sir Paul and Ms Mills separated in 2006 and went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008 . Astonishingly , the image is the first to emerge of the former Beatle and Ms Mills from their wedding reception . In another never-before-seen picture , Sir Paul acts out a mock striptease in front of his delighted bride during the reception , which was attended by 300 guests . Sir Paul , then 59 , and Ms Mills had ordered a media blackout of the event in Ireland . These pictures belong to the family of Sir Paul 's late housekeeper Rose Martin , who was among those invited to the event at the 17th Century Castle Leslie in County Monaghan . The ceremony was shrouded in such secrecy that on the invitations guests were told only to arrive at a hotel at Heathrow Airport at an appointed time from where they would be flown to an unnamed destination . Other guests included the only other surviving Beatle , Ringo Starr , the band 's legendary producer Sir George Martin , Pretenders singer Chrissy Hynde , and model Twiggy . Sir Paul and Ms Mills are pictured -LRB- left -RRB- in 2003 at a screening for the film ` Concert For George ' and -LRB- right -RRB- in Hollywood in 2007 . The pair posed with photographer Dennis Stone -LRB- left -RRB- as they arrived back in London after a trip abroad . Sir Paul -LRB- left -RRB- and Ms Mills -LRB- right -RRB- went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008 and are pictured leaving the High Court after one of their hearings . Mary -LRB- left -RRB- and Stella -LRB- right -RRB- McCartney join Sir Paul at the launch of Meet Free Monday seven years after his 2002 wedding . The couple turned down a £ 1.5 million offer from Hello ! magazine for exclusive photos of the event . One official portrait -- of the couple outside the church -- was published , for charity . These photos and other memorabilia , including the invitation -- featuring Sir Paul giving Ms Mills a piggy-back -- are being sold at Omega Auctions in Stockport , Cheshire , next month . Mrs Martin 's family decided to sell them after her death aged 92 in 2013 . Auctioneer Paul Fairweather said : ` They decided the best thing was to pass them on to fans . '