A grieving father was arrested on Sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in Georgia where his teenage daughter had died just three weeks ago . Cecily Hamilton , 16 , and her friend Taylor Swing , 18 , died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below . Shannon Hamilton , who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act , was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday . Scroll down for video . Shannon Hamilton was arrested on Sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in Georgia where his 16-year-old daughter had died . Cecily Hamilton , right , and her friend Taylor Swing , left , died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below . ` Every day that goes by is another day that we 're risking a life that goes into that creek , ' he told AJC.com . Hamilton , together with friends and family members , had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway . But before he could complete the work , Hamilton was arrested by deputies . His 18-year-old son , Kale , captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone and posted the footage on Facebook . On Monday Hamilton told 11Alive that he does n't condone breaking the law , but he has no regrets about attempting to prevent another tradegy . ` I pleaded with them to ... put some concrete barriers up , some kind of temporary safety measure in place to prevent another father to have to walk across that bridge and identify their baby girl on the other side , ' Hamilton said . Hamilton 's son captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone and posted the footage on Facebook . Since the teens ' deaths , more than 3,000 people have signed a Change.org petition calling for safety features on the bridge . Since the teens ' deaths , more than 3,000 people have signed a Change.org petition calling for safety features on the bridge . Two weeks ago White County Commissioners approved a motion to add guardrails , but there is no exact timetable for when the construction will begin . ` We 've talked to our engineers and they recommended that we do a permanent fix and not something temporary , ' said White County Manager Mike Melton . He is confident that construction will start in the next week or two , but Hamilton says it is n't quick enough . ` I think to not have something in place immediately by the end of the day , or a week ago , two weeks ago , or the day after this happened , I think that 's disgusting . I think that 's disrespectful and I think that 's reckless disregard , ' Hamilton said . The district attorney has stated that he will keep in mind what Hamilton has had to endure when it comes time for sentencing .