These incredible photos are about as close to an adult version of Where 's Wally as you can get . Blended into the background , these models are difficult to tell apart from their surroundings . Camouflaged in body paint , women pose for the camera against a backdrop of overgrown woodland . A series of pictures by German artist Jörg Düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland . In many of the pictures , the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to determine where the person is . The jaw-dropping artwork is the brainchild of Jörg Düsterwald , a 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from Hameln , Germany . Jörg has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years and uses his body-painting skills in a range of creative projects including advertising , corporate events , and TV marketing campaigns . His work has featured in several art magazines and in 2008 he was awarded the German brush-painting champion at a national competition . The artist places the model next to a tree half-painted and then adds the details to make her blend into the environment . Some of the models are so well camouflaged that it is impossible to work out where they are . The artist is a well-renowned body painter who has used his skills in TV adverts . The photoshoots , which take several hours to complete are heavily planned before the artist arrives at the location with the model . The pre-painted model is then placed against an item like a tree or a mossy log and then Jörg adds details that will help to camouflage her using his portable paint kit . As well as his recent forest shoot in Brullsen , Germany , which took place earlier this week , Jörg has also painted models into a number of other backdrops . They include mechanic garages , music shops and fishing ports . The women are required to lie still for long periods of time so that they can be painted into the background and the photographed . Jörg has also painted models into a number of other backdrops , including include mechanic garages , music shops and fishing ports .