Patrick Vieira has the backing of Manchester City players to replace Manuel Pellegrini should the club sack the under-fire manager . Pellegrini 's future at the Etihad Stadium is under scrutiny following a largely disappointing campaign . Vieira would be a candidate to take over from Pellegrini should the City board decide to make a change . Manchester City players have backed Patrick Vieira -LRB- left -RRB- to replace Manuel Pellegrini as manager of the club - if the latter at the helm of the Etihad Stadium outfit is sacked at the end of the season . Vieira is highly-respected among the City players and his work with the youth team has n't gone unnoticed too . Despite winning two trophies last season , Pellegrini will end this campaign without any silverware at City . A thumping 4-2 defeat at bitter rivals Manchester United on April 12 has increased the pressure on Pellegrini . The Etihad outfit failed to reach the quarter-finals of the Champions League too after losing to Barcelona . And a collective of senior players would like to see the Frenchman given the reins if Pellegrini goes . The former Arsenal midfielder is highly-respected amongst playing staff at the club . Likewise , his excellent work with City 's Elite Development Squad has not gone unnoticed by the squad . And a core group of players in the City first-team believe Vieira should be given the opportunity to step up into the senior fold . City 's first-choice managerial option remains Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola ; director Txiki Beguirstain 's trip to Germany on Tuesday fuelling talk of a final bid to lure the Spaniard to England in time for next season . However , Guardiola has made his intention to stay with Bayern for at least another season crystal clear . City 's first-choice managerial option remains current Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola . Guardiola -LRB- right -RRB- led Bayern to a 7-4 aggregate win over Porto in their Champions League quarter-final tie . Though , Sportsmail understands Guardiola will listen to offers from English clubs to join in time for the start of the 2016/17 season . That means City must wait at least another year before having a realistic chance of poaching Guardiola . And if the current Barclays Premier League champions decide to axe Pellegrini this summer , then Vieira is emerging as a strong contender to replace the South American . The Spaniard -LRB- left -RRB- is set to remain with the German giants until his contract expires at the end of next season .