While pounding on the treadmill day in and day out may work for some people , for others it is a torturous task that makes exercise nearly impossible to enjoy , let alone commit to . Enter ` Retrosweat ' . Founded by former NIDA graduate Shannon Dooley , 30 , the aerobics classes with a twist are all about ` making fitness fabulous ' . Described as ` freestyle aerobic workout , ' Retrosweat is inspired by the era of old-school VHS workouts made famous by Jane Fonda , and involves choreography to match the Eighties soundtrack . Scroll down for video . Getting physical : Shannon Dooley has founded ` Retrosweat ' - an Eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of Jane Fonda 's iconic workouts . Skin and pins : Typical Retrosweat attire is all about showing off your legs in skimpy Eighties leotards . Pop it like it 's hot : A Retrosweat class will have you popping , squatting and grinding to a retro soundtrack . A 50-minute workout , it has 12 dance tracks and Dooley regularly mixes up the soundtrack to keep people excited each week - and on their toes . ` There 's a fusion of jogging , jumping , athletic movement and dance - and a lot of huffing and puffing ' says Dooley . ` Basically there 's a warm up , warm down , both high and medium impact movement that targets all areas of the body . ` There will be a leg track with squats and lunges and an arm track with push ups . ' Eighties alter ego : Dooley says class goers tend to adopt a complete alter ego as their costume collection grows . Iconic : Olivia Newton-John 's aerobic anthem Let 's Get Physical inspired many a skimpy lycra ensemble . ` Being freestyle though , I like to change up the tracks and let people request songs , but also give people the structure of the same key moves each week . ' It also promises to have you ` sweating litres , laughing loads and getting buns of steel and a core to die for . ' And according to Dooley , there 's nothing else like it on the market . ` What makes it different is it 's theatrical - people can come into a space that 's all about the 1980s and escape 2015 for an hour , ' says Dooley . ` Not to mention being physically and creatively expressive while getting exercise they need . ' And it 's not just for those stuck in a Eighties time warp either . Tutti Frutti - In Summer Dooley adds ` Pineapple squat challenge ' a modern take on a kettlebell workout . ` The demographic is quite wide . We have girls in their early twenties that come , ladies in their thirties , ladies in their forties who used to listen to Eighties music during high school , women in early sixties who are relieved freestyle movement is back and who used to do it five times a week in the Eighties . ' ` Oh and we definitely have men come along too , they love it . ' Overall Dooley says people just like to come along because they love Eighties music , want to put an amazing costume on , feel fabulous - and release endorphins - ` It 's one big healthy party ! ' When asked where she got her inspiration , surprisingly it was n't from watching her mum do Jane Fonda workouts . Diva demographic : Dooley say there 's no set demographic - attendees include men and women aged from their twenties to sixties . ` No strangely . My mum was actually an amazing tap dancer so while all my friends were in aerobics classes I watched my mum do tap exams , ' says Dooley . ` She is though an amazing choreographer so that 's where I get my inspiration from . ' As for attire ? ` I would n't turn away anyone who is n't in a leotard , ' laughs Dooley . ` But as people come back , gradually each week they will start to build collection . A leotard from eBay , leg warmers from American Apparel and after a while they build this whole alter ego and when then they will come in wearing a G-string leotard and no one will even blink . ' On her own wardrobe , Dooley takes her job very seriously , admitting she 's never worn the same outfit twice , ` an I 've been teaching for three years - so yes my lycra costumes take up a whole room now ' - -LRB- 65 leotards to be precise -RRB- . Fit and fun : Dooley says unlike treadmill workouts , Retrosweat is about having fun and forgetting it 's fitness . ` I like to set the standards through my face , hair and body so people feel invited to be themselves , ' she says . Aside from the costumes , music and theatrics , Dooley also throws in some novelty competitions and spin off Seventies and Nineties classes to mix it up for regular aerobic goers . ` In summer , we do the pineapple squat challenge - so someone in the room will hold a pineapple in the squat track -LRB- which weighs about 2kgs -RRB- and it works just like a kettlebell , except your using the resistance of pineapple . Fonda fitspo : Dooley credits Jane Fonda as one of her main sources of inspiration behind Retrosweat . ` When we do Seventies class I will mix it up with a disco ball ! ' Dooley says the Seventies and Nineties nights she likes to throw in for good measure and to mix up the moves , as well as give herself a break from Eighties decade for a bit . ` Nineties goes off , we dance to fresh prince and that classic song ` Sing hallelujah ! ' So with all this fun and flair , how does the fitness measure up ? ` For me , other than getting people to smile , escape life for an hour and enjoy themselves , the best feedback I get is about fitness . People will say , I lost four kilos and I did n't even notice ! ' says Dooley . ` My class is all about the simplicity of moves ' : Dooley says those with two left feet wo n't have any difficulty . ` A lot of exercise these days is scientific , counting reps and scooping protein powder . I respect that but that 's not me . My exercise has always been jumping on my bed and having fun , and I know there is a big group out there that has brains that work the same as mine , ' says Dooley . ` People want variation , they want a ballad and they want to go nuts when the chorus hits . And the great thing about using songs is they 're only 3.5-4 minutes long so there 's comfort in the fact you 're jumping up and down but there 's ` just one more chorus ' and then we 'll be done . ' So for Dooley it all just boils down to getting people excited and wanting to have a ` bodacious body . ' ` I love seeing people improve their quality of life through the magic of music and star jumps - as sentimental as that sounds . ' As for those with two left feet , Dooley says you wo n't have any trouble . Baby one more time : Every now and again a Seventies or Nineties class is thrown into the mix , which Dooley says ` go off ' ` My class is all about the simplicity of moves . I think it 's much more enjoyable to do simple moves well and enjoy it than struggle with something complicated and not enjoy it . So whether you 've never danced or are a dancer who wants to keep their skills up , Retrosweat is all about simplicity and completely inclusive . ' And it seems this ` blast from the past ' class is only growing . Dooley now runs additional side business ` Dial-a-sweat ' where she takes hens parties for a class , and has travelled all around Sydney from Bowral , Newport and Kirrabilli overlooking the harbour bridge . And with two current locations in Alexandria and Surry Hills that run weekly -LRB- and Bondi for a while -RRB- , Dooley believes the demand is strong and she already has her eyes on even bigger things . ` I want the whole world Retrosweating , that 's the plan . ' ` And if I have too much make-up on and have sweat running on my face then that 's all part of it . '