The eminent plastic surgeon who treated acid attack victim Katie Piper molested another patient after getting drunk in his surgery , a tribunal was told yesterday . Mohammad Ali Jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts . To the strains of the Spanish singer crooning on his iPhone , he is claimed to have asked her : ` Do you see me as a man or a surgeon ? ' Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad , pictured with former patient Katie Piper . Today a medical tribunal heard how he allegedly molested another patient at his surgery in Marylebone , central London after getting drunk . The woman , known as Patient A , told a hearing considering Dr Jawad 's fitness to practise that when she went to him for a consultation about treatment for facial scarring , she took a bottle of vodka from her native Poland as a gift . He opened it in front of her , brought out two shot glasses and when the next patient cancelled his appointment , he gulped down some vodka , Patient A said . ` We had a shot first and I think he had a few , then he put the vodka in the bigger crystal glasses , ' she added . ` The more he drank , the more he kept staring at my cleavage and telling me I looked pretty . He asked about my employment . He offered me a job at the clinic . ` I was a little bit uncomfortable . I would n't say I was distressed , but it was becoming a little weird . He was becoming increasingly drunk . ' Patient A , a former personal assistant in her 30s , said : ` He re-entered the room and dimmed the lights , pulled the blinds down and played Julio Iglesias on his iPhone . ` He then opened a bottle of red wine , then he asked me to dance with him . He did n't really say anything -- he grabbed me . ` I did n't stop him , I was paralysed . I pushed him away and managed to remove myself from his grip . I told him I would show him something on the internet , so he let me go . ` I showed him pictures of my friends on Facebook and that 's when he stood behind me and started massaging my neck . He then moved his hand from my neck to my collarbone and the front of my chest . I was paralysed . ' She added : ` He then sat down on the chair next to me , facing me . He pulled his legs round one of mine and squeezed my leg with his . He put his hands on my knee and asked if I thought he was pretty . He then asked me if I saw him as a man or a surgeon . Dr Khan featured in the Oscar-winning documentary Saving Face , pictured . Patient A told the hearing in Manchester he had bragged about his connection with Katie Piper . He denies all the allegations against him . ` When I said I saw him as a surgeon , he said : `` Well if that is the case , there is nothing for us to discuss . '' I got up , took my bag and coat and left in a hurry . ' The Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service in Manchester was told the incident happened in October 2012 during a three-hour consultation at his Nip n Tuck surgery in Marylebone , London . Dr Jawad came to prominence when he led pioneering reconstruction surgery on Miss Piper , 31 , who suffered horrific burns to her face and body after being covered with sulphuric acid in an attack arranged by her ex-boyfriend in 2008 . Patient A told the hearing he had bragged about his connection with the TV presenter , adding : ` He had promised to tell me details about Katie Piper , but he was n't sharing details about her treatment . He was telling me how she was healing and that she was very good . ' Dr Jawad is alleged to have molested Patient a at his surgery Nip n Tuck on this street in Marylebone , London . She said he had showed her a clip on his laptop of his appearance at the Pride of Britain awards before trying to instigate sexual contact . The tribunal heard Dr Jawad and Patient A first met for a consultation in January 2010 and had at least two other meetings before the incident , but they communicated by text message and email . The surgeon denies all of the allegations of misconduct and will give evidence via videolink from Karachi , Pakistan , where he is currently living and working . In 2012 , Dr Jawad featured in the Oscar-winning documentary Saving Face , which followed his journeys to Pakistan to perform reconstructive surgery on female survivors of acid attacks . He is a trustee , alongside Simon Cowell , of Miss Piper 's burns charity , the Katie Piper Foundation .