A financial fund for killer cop Michael Slager was shut down by crowd-funding website , GoFundMe , on Wednesday . The site told Daily Mail Online that ` after review by our team , the campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed due to a violation of GoFundMe 's terms & conditions ' but refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns . Slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father Walter Scott , 50 , who was fatally shot five times in the back in North Charleston , South Carolina on Saturday . Slager , 33 , was terminated from the police force on Wednesday . A separate fundraising campaign was started on site , Indiegogo , titled the ` Michael T. Slager Support Fund ' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform . As of Thursday at 11 am , it had raised $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on Wednesday . Two hours later , that total had jumped to $ 541 . Scroll down for video . An Indiegogo page to raise money in support of police officer Michael Slager had $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on Thursday - the company told Daily Mail Online ` they do n't judge ' as long as content fits their terms of use . A well-wisher of the accused killer cop gave a private donation to the fundraising page on Indiegogo and listed their name as ` trayvon ' - perhaps in a twisted reference to Trayvon Martin , an unarmed black teenager who was shot dead by a neighborhood watch volunteer in Florida in 2012 . Officer Michael Slager is pictured standing over Walter Scott 's body and feeling for a pulse after he put the man 's fallen body in handcuffs . According to police reports , officers performed CPR on the 50-year-old father - but the cop was not filmed giving any medical assistance . Opening fire : Michael Slager , a police officer in Charleston , South Carolina , was caught on video shooting dead 50-year-old black man Walter Scott after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light on Saturday . One of the individuals who donated listed their name as ` Trayvon ' - perhaps a twisted reference to Trayvon Martin , an unarmed black teenager shot dead by a neighborhood watch volunteer in Florida in 2012 . An explanation of the fundraising campaign reads : ` We 're campaigning to show our Support for Officer Michael T. Slager ! ` We believe in all of our LEOs and want to publicly support them ! Although he may have made mis-steps in judgement he was protecting the community . ` Michael is a former Coast Guardsman with two stepchildren and a wife who is expecting a child , served for more than five years with the department without being disciplined . Please help in any way you can . ' Killing : Walter Scott , left , was killed by Michael Slager , right . Scott was a U.S. Coast Guard veteran . Police officer Michael Sagler , -LRB- pictured right in his prison mugshot -RRB- , who has been charged with his murder also was a member of the Coast Guard . A Facebook page was set up to support the cop who has been charged with murder and terminated from the police force . The statement then repeated : ` He has served five years with the department without being disciplined . ' A separate Facebook page and Twitter account were set up linking to the fundraising site . The social media accounts appear to have been established by the same person , who tweeted : ` We 're not here to judge wrong or right , there are two sides to every story . Let the courts decide after careful review . ' The social media pages attracted dozens of negative comments . Marquese Lewis posted on the Facebook page supporting Slager : ` How about the real reason is you are an ignorant racist supporting a murderer . ' Bruce A McIntyre added : ` If he can not afford a lawyer , the court will appoint a Public Defender for him . Surely he is fine with that , as that is all most of his arrestees ever get . ' In a statement to Daily Mail Online , an Indiegogo spokesperson said : ` Indiegogo allows anyone , anywhere to fund ideas that matter to them and just like other open platforms -- such as Facebook , YouTube and Twitter - we do n't judge the content of campaigns as long as they are in compliance with our Terms of Use . ' Indiegogo 's list ` Prohibited Campaigns ' includes those ` to raise funds for illegal activities , to cause harm to people or property , or to scam others ' . The rules state : ` Campaign Owners shall not make any false or misleading statements in connection with their Campaigns . ' The crowd-funding ` community guidelines go further and explain the website is not a place for ` hatred , abuse , discrimination , disrespect , profanity , meanness , harassment , or spam ' . It reads on : ` Do not use to promote violence , degradation , subjugation , discrimination or hatred against individuals or groups based on race , ethnic origin , religion , disability , gender , age , veteran status , sexual orientation , or gender identity . ' A Twitter account also supported Michael Slager after he fatally shot a father-of-four . The social media accounts appear to have been established by the same person . On Wednesday , North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey said that Slager 's wife , who is eight months ' pregnant , will still receive health insurance from the city until after her baby was born because it was the ` humane thing to do ' . Last year , GoFundMe came under fire after allowing fundraising for Darren Wilson , a white cop in Ferguson , Missouri who shot and killed unarmed teenager Michael Brown . In five days , people gave half a million-dollars to two fundraising pages for Wilson . The page has since been removed . Wilson resigned from the Ferguson police force but was not charged with any crime after a grand jury hearing .