Liverpool defender Kolo Toure insists a ` sad ' Steven Gerrard will deal with the reality of being denied a fairytale FA Cup final farewell . The former Ivory Coast international said the team was probably more disappointed at not being able to deliver a trophy for fans , who this season had seen their side fail to progress out of the Champions League group stage and lose to Chelsea in the last four of the Capital One Cup . A 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa at Wembley ended the club 's last hope of silverware and meant Gerrard would not be given a perfect send off ahead of his summer move to Los Angeles Galaxy with a cup final appearance on his 35th birthday on what would have been his very last for his boyhood club . Kolo Toure -LRB- left -RRB- admitted Steven Gerrard was ` sad ' after the loss but he also felt sorry for Liverpool 's fans . ` You feel bad . It is always difficult when you lose a semi-final like that , ' Toure told Press Association Sport . ` The defeat is the thing . Of course we wanted to do very well for the last game of Stevie for the club but at the end of the day , we wanted to do it for the fans because this club deserves to have a trophy . ` He -LRB- Gerrard -RRB- is fine . Of course he is sad , like all the dressing room , but he has been in this game for a long time and he knows how to deal with these situations . ' Gerrard was able to start the match after an injury to Lucas Leiva in training , which denied Liverpool some much-needed control in midfield . The former England captain looks dejected after the final whistle and his hopes of a final trophy ended . However , Toure insisted they should have had the ability to cope without their only genuine defensive midfielder . ` Lucas is a great player but we had players who could do the job , ' he added . ` Collectively we were not very good . Villa really fought and gave everything to win the game . ' As a result , Brendan Rodgers became the first Liverpool manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years . Gerrard did n't get his fairytale ending at Wembley as he leaves the club at the end of the season for LA Galaxy . With the club 's Champions League qualification hopes looking increasingly distant after Manchester City 's win over West Ham on Sunday increased the gap to fourth place to seven points - although Liverpool now have a match in hand - the Reds boss will find his record coming under more scrutiny over the final six games of the season . The Northern Irishman insists he and his players will not give up while there is still a mathematical possibility . ` There 's an obligation here to fight to the very end , ' he said . ` We have to fight in every single game now . Of course there will be disappointment over the next couple of days but we 're going to have to get ready . ' Brendan Rodgers became the first manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years . Despite an impressive run of form since the turn of the year , Liverpool have looked ineffective in the big games , with back-to-back defeats to Manchester United and Arsenal putting a huge dent in their top-four hopes just when it seemed they were about to make the breakthrough , having worked so hard to get within two points of the top-four . ` The start of the season was not so good for various reasons then we picked it up , ' said Rodgers . ` We played very well and had great rhythm to our game then we 've had a block of games where the performance level has n't been what we 'd like . ` The team in the last couple of years have shown great energy , attitude and commitment - I thought our energy was low -LRB- against Villa -RRB- . The Reds boss admitted that Aston Villa deserved the victory as they progressed to the FA Cup final . ` They had a good start to the game and we were too passive in the game . ` We changed the system , got some joy and got in front but we did n't keep the lead long enough . ` In the second half we hoped to play better but we just did n't create enough . ` We needed to change the game to get more thrust going forward but even then the numbers getting forward were n't what we 're normally used to . '