The Obama administration stepped up its lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill today to try to persuade lawmakers not to pass any legislation that could hamper prospects for negotiating a final deal with Iran to curb its nuclear program . Administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers , urging them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran , and , at the very least , not to meddle in foreign affairs . The president 's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant ` that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that 's going to change today . ' With the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal , the White House said administration officials would hold classified briefings with Members of Congress aimed at ` helping ' them understand ` commitments Iran has made so far , and how those commitments we hope will be finalized hopefully in the next two months . ' Scroll down for video . President Barack Obama sits with National Security Adviser Susan Rice , left , and Energy Secretary Dr. Ernest Moniz at the start the summit with Caribbean Community last Thursday in Kingston , Jamaica . The trio , along with Secretary of State John Kerry and senior members of the intelligence community are this week lobbying Members of Congress and Jewish community leaders to support the nuclear pact with Iran . OPPOSITION : Senate Foreign Affairs Chairman Bob Corker , pictured here last Friday at the National Rifle Association 's annual conference , is whipping support for a bill that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon . The White House ` strongly ' opposes it . A Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill authored by Senate Foreign Affairs Chairman Bob Corker that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon . On the House side , Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said today that he will bring the bill to the floor if the Senate acts on legislation giving Congress the power to review any deal . ` It 's my intention to bring it to the floor of the House and move it , ' McCarthy said at a news conference as Congress was returning from its spring break . Republicans and Democrats maintain that Congress should have a say on an international deal with Tehran to curb its nuclear program and have lined up behind legislation . The White House has pushed back , threatening a presidential veto while warning that the bill could scuttle the delicate talks involving the United States , Iran and five world powers . ` Lines in the sands have moved back , ' McCarthy said , claiming the U.S. has back-tracked on some of the demands it had at the beginning of the talks . ` A lot of the questions will be why have they moved back and will Iran ever be able to have the capability of having a nuclear weapon ? That 's a key question . ' Under the bill , Obama could unilaterally lift or ease any sanctions that were imposed on Iran through presidential executive means . But it would prohibit him for 60 days from suspending , waiving or otherwise easing any sanctions that Congress levied on Iran . During that 60-day period , Congress could hold hearings and approve , disapprove or take no action on any final nuclear agreement with Iran . If Congress passed a joint resolution approving a final deal -- or took no action -- Obama could move ahead to ease sanctions levied by Congress . FIRST STOP : Energy Secretary Moniz , who was a key negotiator in the Iran nuclear deal , speaks to reporters in the White House briefing room last week . This week administration officials , including Moniz , are holding classified briefings with Members of Congress aimed at ` helping ' them understand ` commitments Iran has made so far , and how those commitments we hope will be finalized hopefully in the next two months ' On the other hand , if Congress passed a joint resolution disapproving it , Obama would be blocked from providing Iran with any relief from congressional sanctions . The White House has said the president will ` absolutely ' veto the Corker legislation if it comes to his desk not just because it would allow Congress to thrust itself into the deal-making process but also because it would require Iran to renounce its terrorist activities . Such a requirement would set up an unreasonable expectation that Iran would neither honor nor agree to , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest has argued , and could push Tehran to further embrace radical elements . ` The way the legislation is currently written is something that we strongly oppose , ' Earnest said today . ` But , again , we continue to have extensive conversations with members of Congress on Capitol Hill . ' He later accused members of having their ` priorities backward ' and took a shot at House Republicans ' ability to whip votes . After a reporter asked him about McCarthy 's claim that he is close to achieving a veto-proof majority of support for the bill in the House , Earnest said , ` It 's his responsibility to count votes , ' then snarked , ` I do n't think anybody 's battin ' 1000 when it comes to countin votes up there . ' Secretary of State John Kerry postponed a foreign trip to meet with members of the House to discuss the negotiations . Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz , Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and senior officials in the intelligence community were also holding classified briefings Monday and Tuesday with members of the House and Senate . Earnest said some Republicans are ` rigidly partisan ' and will reject any deal just because President Barack Obama supports it . And while he acknowledged there is some Democratic opposition , administration officials will continue to talk with members of his party , he said . ` I think there are some Democrats who will listen to this pitch , ' Earnest said . ` I do n't know if it will convince them all , but there is a strong case to make and it 's one that we intend to continue making . ' On the House side , Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said today that he will bring the Corker bill to the floor if the Senate acts on legislation giving Congress the power to review any deal . At the White House , Obama today met with Jewish leaders in a separate attempt to woo their support for the shaky deal that appeared last week to be coming apart at the seams as Iranian leaders indicated that they would n't sign an accord unless it included the immediate lifting of nuclear-related sanctions - something the global community has said it can not and will not agree to . Russia has since went rogue , saying it would begin allowing missiles told be sold to the country in an oil-for-goods swap . Secretary Kerry has spoken to Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and raised the U.S. ' concerns , Earnest told reporters , but declined to provide additional color on their chat . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is intensely skeptical that international negotiators can reach a verifiable deal with Iran , which has threatened to destroy Israel , while some American Jewish groups have backed the international negotiations . Obama and National Security Adviser Susan Rice are meeting with leaders of Jewish organizations such as the American Jewish Committee and the Anti-Defamation League , as well as other ` influencers , ' the White House . Put another way , the latter meeting will include major Jewish donors that will be key to the Democratic Party holding the White House beyond January of 2017 . The administration will attempt to convince them that the deal under discussion is the best way to protect Israel 's sovereignty . Iran says its program is for civilian purposes , but the U.S. and its partners negotiating with Tehran suspect it is keen to become a nuclear-armed powerhouse in the Middle East , where it already holds much sway . The bill giving Congress the power of review has led to a political tug of war on Capitol Hill , with Republicans trying to raise the bar so high that a final deal might be impossible , and Democrats aiming to give the White House more room to negotiate with Tehran . Senators of both parties are considering more than 50 amendments to the measure introduced by Corker and Democrat Bob Menendez of New Jersey .