The I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! franchise has taken a leap from the Australian jungle to a theme park just off the A320 in Chertsey , Surrey . After six months of planning , on 27 March Thorpe Park launched the world 's first I 'm A Celebrity themed maze , inspired by the hit TV show . New technology and Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old ` non-celebrities ' to climb through ` Pipe of Peril ' , crawly corridors and dark caves . Scroll down for video . The new ` I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! ' Maze at Thorpe Park Resort is now open to the public . New Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old theme park guests to be King or Queen of the Jungle . The experience begins with a briefing via video from presenters Ant and Dec , then there are gold stars to be won , quizzes with slimey punishments and 56 mph wind to face before contestants can be crowned King or Queen of the Jungle . Suitable for families and friends , those who venture into the undergrowth should also look out for iconic sights from the TV show including the red phone box and the ` I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! ' throne . After 13 years on the small screen non-celebrities can now grab a slice of the action at the famous theme park . The new attraction has been visited by actors Angela Griffin and Tamzin Outhwaite already . Boxer David Haye , Katie Price and Made In Chelsea star Binky Felstead also attended the new maze 's opening . ` I 'm really excited but I am also a little bit scared , ' confided Angela Griffin . Mike Vallis , Thorpe Park 's resort divisional director , is thrilled by the themed maze . The attraction briefing via video from presenters Ant and Dec and the famous red phone booth features . There are gold stars to be won , quizzes with slimey punishments for wrong answers and 56 mph wind to face . He said , ` After thirteen years of watching I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! on the small screen , we 're delighted to offer our guests the chance to brave Bush Tucker Trials inspired by the hit TV show -- you do n't have to be a celebrity to grab a slice of the action on our island ! ' Mike added , ` And the good news is that we do n't expect any of our guests to chew on a kangaroo 's less palatable parts . ' Katie Price and husband Keiran Hayler -LRB- left -RRB- on the grass carpet and Binky Felstead -LRB- right -RRB- at the opening . Katie cosied up to some questionable creepy crawlies at the celebrity launch . Boxer David Haye looks hungry at the new attraction inspired by the hit ITV shot in the Australian jungle . Actors Angela Griffin and Tamzin Outhwaite visited the new attraction .