Ben Flower has been urged to be ` a bit more aggressive ' when the prop sensationally sent off in last year 's grand final returns for Wigan in Thursday 's Super League derby with Warrington . The 28-year-old Welsh international forward on Tuesday completed his six-month ban for twice punching Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of October 's Grand-Final at Old Trafford . Flower stunned the 76,000 crowd with his attack on the St Helens half-back and , after becoming the first player to be sent off in a Grand Final , was handed the second heaviest suspension in the history of Super League . Ben Flower 's sickening blow on St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the Super League final that got him a six-month ban . Flower , here walking off after being shown a grand final red card , will return on Thursday against Warrington . Wigan coach Shaun Wane says he wants Flower back ` a bit more aggressive and a bit stronger and a bit fitter ' St Helens possibly needed something out of the ordinary to help end an eight-year spell without a Grand Final title . Ben Flower 's two brutal punches on Lance Hohaia , which led to the dismissal of the Wigan prop inside two minutes , fit that description . CLICK HERE to read Martha Kelner 's full Super League Grand Final report . Wigan coach Shaun Wane told a news conference at the DW Stadium on Tuesday that he will throw Flower straight back in , almost certainly from the bench , and expects him to be just as physical . ` I hope he 's a bit more aggressive and a bit stronger and a bit fitter , ' Wane said of Flower , who underwent knee surgery during his enforced lay-off . ` He 's without a doubt one of the best front rowers in the comp and that 's we want . We need a Ben Flower in our team . He 's dynamic , just what I like , he runs the ball hard and he 's uncompromising . He 's perfect for me . Flower falls on Hohaia after first punching the New Zealand international to the ground . Referee Phil Bentham was given no choice but to make Flower the first player sent off in a grand final . ` I 'll be telling him to go as hard as he can , run as hard as you can , hit as hard as you can and just carry on from where you left off because bear in mind in the play-off games last year he was one of the best . I want him back to that form as quickly as possible . ' Flower , who was fined 50 per cent of his wages during his ban and has been coaching local juniors as part of the punishment handed out by his club , is ready to ` rip in ' , according to Wane . ` He 's in a very , very good state of mind , ' the coach said . ` He 's very strong and he 's trained really well . I ca n't wait to put him in . I 'm really looking forward to it . I 've been itching for this game to come and he 'll get a chance . ` He just wants to get back to what he 's paid to do , playing rugby and being one of the best middles in the competition . ` He 's had a long pre-season and he 's dying to rip in . ' Flower 's second punch -LRB- left -RRB- became the focal point of the all-in brawl which broke out in the first three minutes . A bloodied Hohaia is helped from the field - he received a one-match ban for the forearm that sparked the fight . Wane says Flower is in a ` very good state of mind ' after a long enforced pre-season . Wane will bring Flower straight back into the Warriors line-up , almost certainly from the bench . Meanwhile , Wane has denied that Wigan are close to finalising the return of England full-back Sam Tomkins . The former Man of Steel has been granted a release from the last year of his three-year contract with New Zealand Warriors after becoming homesick and it is thought he is heading back to the Warriors , who retained first option on his services . ` He 's one of the best players in the world and we 're always interested in the best players but I 've been told nothing , ' Wane said . ` Unless I get a phone call today telling me anything different , I 'm just cracking on preparing for Warrington and Wakefield . '