David Cameron likes to project an image as the ` chillaxing ' statesman unruffled by political troubles - but this morning his usual demeanour seemed to desert him as he donned a bizarre outfit on the campaign trail . The Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance today , ahead of a speech in which he delivered his ` plan for Cornwall ' . The Conservatives are battling against their Coalition partners in the South-West as they seek to wrest control of key constituencies from the Liberal Democrats . But Mr Cameron is still trailing Ed Miliband 's Labour Party nationally , with just 14 days to go until polling day . Get-up : David Cameron stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance this morning wearing jeans , smart shoes and a navy jacket . Journey : The Prime Minister travelled for eight hours from Paddington station to reach Cornwall . Tired out : The Tory leader did not appear to have enjoyed a good night 's sleep on the train and was wearing an unusual combination of solely dark colours . A YouGov poll published this morning put Labour on 34 per cent - one point ahead of the Tories . The Lib Dems trail on 7 per cent with Ukip in third on 14 per cent . Mr Cameron said in an interview this week that he ` always manages to portray a calm smoothness ' - however , he looked anything but smooth at Penzance station . The Prime Minister seemed as if he had had trouble sleeping on the eight-hour journey from London 's Paddington station . His hair was unkempt and he was wearing an unusual combination of jeans with shiny loafers which might be considered more appropriate for a smart business suit . Destination : He apparently chose the sleeper to avoid taking time out of his schedule to travel . Outfit : Mr Cameron wore a navy jacket , dark blue shirt , jeans and smart black shoes - as well as a red box . Inspiration ? Mr Cameron may have been trying to channel the style sense of US President Barack Obama . Mr Cameron sported a navy jacket with a dark blue polo shirt , and set off his outfit with the ultimate status symbol - a red box holding ministerial papers , which only a few dozen people are entitled to carry . While the jacket may have looked inoffensive , the Tory leader may have been making a political statement in support of the Union , as it appears to have been made by Scottish firm Lyle & Scott . Similar models retail online for around £ 125 . Speaking at a factory later , he insisted that he had in fact slept very well - because his wife Samantha was not there to complain about him talking in his sleep . Mr Cameron said : ` It was very comfortable , very nice it was too , to have a night without the children waking me up or Mrs Cameron nudging me in the ribs and telling me to shut up for talking in my sleep . ' In an interview with the Spectator published yesterday , Mr Cameron was asked why he has a reputation for lacking passion while on the campaign trail . Changed : The leader put on a more formal outfit for his speech at a company in Penzance . Gimmick : Mr Cameron tried out a selfie stick during a visit to radio station Pirate FM today . Snap : The Prime Minister used the gadget to take this photograph of himself with the station 's staff . He replied : ` I do n't know . There is something about me - I always manage to portray a calm smoothness or something . ' But he went on to point to his hectic campaigning schedule - as shown by his decision to spend the night on the sleeper train in order to reduce his travel time in the day . While the overnight journey from London to Penzance lasts eight hours , Mr Cameron would have had to carve out five hours from his schedule if he had travelled to Cornwall in the daytime . There is also a 70-minute flight from Gatwick to Newquay Airport , not far from Penzance , but the Prime Minister may have calculated that taking the train is likely to project a more down-to-earth image . Fun : The Prime Minister took part in selfies with Tory activists during one of his Cornish campaign stops . Speech : Workers at the Rodda dairy factory in Redruth watch Mr Cameron address them . Back to business : In the afternoon the Prime Minister flew to Brussels for a summit on the ongoing Mediterranean migrant crisis . The constituency of St Ives , where Penzance is located , is the most remote in the UK because it also contains the Scilly Isles . It is typically the last area to declare its results after a General Election , due to the need to transport ballots from the islands to the mainland the morning after the vote . The seat is currently held by Lib Dem Andrew George , but the Tories will be keen to overturn his 1,719 majority as part of efforts to drive the party out of the South-West . In his speech at a scaffolding firm this morning , Mr Cameron told activists that Labour do not care about anything ` west of Bristol ' , adding : ` Now imagine what it would be like if Alex Salmond was calling the shots . ' How the true blue PM takes refuge in navy outfits for work and play . The Prime Minister is known for his love of navy outfits - nearly all of his suits are dark blue , and he also sports the inoffensive colour when on holiday in Britain or abroad . He often resorts to navy polo shirts even while wearing casual attire such as shorts or flip-flops , having apparently calculated that the shade suits him and is unlikely to cause a political stir compared to more outlandish choices . On the campaign trail in recent weeks he has usually donned a navy suit - with the main exception being when he puts on high-viz jacket and hard hat for a visit to a factory . Favourite : Mr Cameron often wears navy blue when he is off duty , like in this photograph from his Cornish holiday in summer 2013 . Relaxed : The Prime Minister wore dark blue again while on holiday with wife Samantha in Portugal last year . Suit : Mr Cameron was wearing a dark jacket and trousers at a campaign event in Bedford yesterday . Superspy : David Cameron has backed William Hague to take over the role of James Bond . David Cameron has backed his Cabinet colleague William Hague to be the next James Bond - saying that it 's time for Britain 's most famous spy to be portrayed by a Yorkshireman . Speaking to Magic Radio 's Nick Snaith , the Prime Minister was asked who he thought should take over from Daniel Craig when he gives up the role of 007 . Mr Cameron replied : ` I 'm a Sean Connery man so who is most like Sean Connery ? Is it time for a Yorkshire James Bond ? Is it time for William Hague to step forward ? ` He 's fit , he 's healthy , he does yoga , he can probably crack a man 's skull between his knee caps . I 'd go for William Hague . ` You know we might have to sort out one or two things but I think he 'd be good . ' Mr Hague , the former Tory leader and Foreign Secretary , is set to have time on his hand after the Election because he is retiring from Government . Mr Cameron 's rivals have previously weighed in on the Bond question - Ed Miliband said he thought Rosamund Pike should become the first female 007 , while Nigel Farage proposed himself for the action role . In today 's interview , the Prime Minister also confessed to his love of Game of Thrones , saying : ` I am a big Throny , I think it 's great . I went to the set the other day . ` So I 've stood on the wall . I 've held Oath Keeper ... Brienne of Tarth 's sword . I was in Tyrion Lannister 's bedroom . ` Well it 's a bit like politics but actually , you know , you die even faster in Game of Thrones than you do in my chosen profession . '