An urgent headcount has taken place at a Thai temple that 's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks after a vet complained to authorities that three were missing . Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand 's western Kanchanaburi province - commonly known as ` The Tiger Temple ' - has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks and be photographed next to their huge feline pets . However , Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary , sparking fears they may have been sold on . Scroll down for video . An urgent headcount has taken place at a Thai temple that 's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks after a vet complained to authorities that three were missing . A Thai Buddhist Monk fends off a playful attack from an Asian Tiger at the Wat Pa Luangtabua temple . A Buddhist monk plays with a tiger at Wat Pa Luang Ta Bua . Abbot Phra Bhusit Khantitaro of the Tiger Temple with one of many tigers taken-in and raised there . A Buddhist monk walks near three resting tigers at the Tiger Temple . The tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips . Cooling down : A Buddhist monk sprays water onto a baby tiger at The Tiger Temple in Thailand . Volunteers walk with a tiger on a leash during a head count at Wat Pa Luang Ta Bua . The authorities say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them , sparking standoffs in recent weeks between officials and angry monks blocking their way . Thailand 's Department of National Parks , Wildlife and Plant Conservation -LRB- DNP -RRB- said earlier this week it planned to take the animals away on Friday . But when officials arrived at the temple Friday morning they contented themselves with counting the tigers , most of whom are microchipped , to ascertain how many there are in the sanctuary . A tiger has his chip implant read by Tiger Temple personnel during the head count . Affection : A Buddhist monk plays with two of the tigers at the temple . A Buddhist monk relaxes as a tiger prowls around the grounds . ` We have come to check and scan the tigers to see whether the numbers match what we have or not , ' DNP official Somsak Poopet told AFP , adding his department said they had been told there should be 147 tigers at the temple . Asked whether the department would consider seizing the animals he replied : ` We have that idea but in our actions so far it has not reached that process yet . ' Unlike previous visits , the monks did not object to officials entering the sanctuary , an AFP photographer on the scene said . The tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips . Of the said 147 tigers , less than half were brought out to have their chips read . ` The Tiger Temple ' in western Thailand has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to be photographed next to the monks and their huge feline pets . A warden hugs a tiger at The Tiger Temple in Kanchanaburi province , western Thailand . Thai wildlife officials have been threatening to seize the 147 tigers being kept by monks at The Tiger Temple . Local animal rights groups have accused the temple of failing to properly look after the tigers . In February , wildlife officials said they conducted a raid and discovered dozens of hornbills , jackals and Asian bears that were being kept at the sanctuary without the correct permits . ` I think a lot of the people here are very motivated , I think they really love the animals , but they 're doing it absolutely the wrong way , ' Edwin Wiek , founder of Wildlife Friends Foundation Thailand , which has campaigned to have the tigers removed , told AFP . ` Wildlife management , whether that 's in the wild or captivity , comes with a lot of knowledge , a lot of rules , a lot of dos and do n'ts . And walking around with adult tigers like this , that could snap their mood at any time , is an accident waiting to happen , ' he added . Temple authorities were unavailable for comment Friday . But they insist they are a genuine conservation project and have previously denied allegations that they have failed to look after the animals or illegally traffic in them . Tigers play in their enclosure before having their chip implants read . A tiger rests on the ground as another in the background has his chip implant read . Tiger Temple personnel walk tigers back to their enclosure after they had their chip implants read . Walkies ! A monk takes one of the tame tigers for a stroll in the dusty grounds of the temple .