Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka stood shoulder-to-shoulder and paid a poignant tribute by releasing 96 red balloons in memory of Liverpool fans who died at Hillsborough . Wednesday marked the 26th anniversary of the disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest and the annual memorial service was typically poignant and emotional . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers , chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended , along with a host of former players including Kenny Dalglish , Ian Rush , Phil Thompson , Robbie Fowler , John Aldridge - who gave the second reading - and Jamie Carragher . There was also significant representation from Everton , with manager Roberto Martinez joining his captain Jagielka and club ambassador Graham Stuart , who also gave a reading . An inquest into the tragedy is ongoing and Margaret Aspinall , chair of the Hillsborough Families Support Group , said : ` There is still a job to be done . Steven Gerrard -LRB- left -RRB- and Phil Jagielka -LRB- right -RRB- released 96 balloons at the 26th Hillsborough memorial service at Anfield . Supporters from both Liverpool and Everton stand together to pay respect to those who died . Liverpool captain Gerrard lost a family member during the Hillsborough disaster . The 96 balloons commemorate the 96 supporters who lost their lives at the Hillsborough disaster 26 years ago . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was present alongside his team at the 26th Hillsborough anniversary at Anfield . Thousands of fans joined families at Anfield for the 26th Hillsborough anniversary memorial service , along with the Liverpool squad . Scarfs and balloons were placed in front of the Kop as the families , fans , players and club legends arrived for the service . Liverpool captain Gerrard pictured during the memorial service at Anfield for the 26th Hillsborough anniversary . Jordan Henderson -LRB- right -RRB- followed by Alberto Moreno -LRB- second right -RRB- and Mario Balotelli -LRB- fifth right -RRB- arrive for the service at Anfield . Joe Allen -LRB- right -RRB- greets supporters upon arriving at the Hillsborough memorial service as Fabio Borini -LRB- second right -RRB- looks on . Liverpool duo Philippe Coutinho -LRB- left -RRB- and Emre Can pictured arriving at Anfield for service . Balotelli -LRB- left -RRB- pictured arriving for the service alongside Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho . Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher is welcomed by supporters after arriving at the memorial service at Anfield . Raheem Sterling and Daniel Sturridge arrive at Anfield -LRB- left -RRB- while Gerrard and Rodgers take their seats at Anfield . The eternal ring , which has names of the supporters who died at Hillsborough inscribed inside , pictured at Anfield . Balloons commemorating the 96 people who died at Hillsborough float next to the Kop during the memorial service . John Aldridge , a former Liverpool striker , addressed the crowd at the 26th Hillsborough anniversary . Liverpool manager Rodgers -LRB- centre -RRB- pays his respects along with the Liverpool squad during the memorial service . Balotelli pictured alongside Jose Enrique and other Liverpool squad members upon arriving at the memorial service at Anfield . Graham Stuart , a former Everton player , also addressed the crowd at the Hillsborough memorial service . John Bishop , a Liverpool supporter , was at Anfield to pay his respects to the 96 who died . Kenny Dalglish -LRB- left -RRB- , Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre -LRB- centre -RRB- and Rodgers mark the 26th Hillsborough anniversary . Daglish -LRB- left -RRB- and Ayre lay flowers at the memorial of the Hillsborough victims at Anfield . Tributes were laid on the pitch at Anfield to remember the 96 supporters that lost their lives . Flowers are laid at the side of the pitch to remember the 96 people who died at Hillsborough . Everton manager Roberto Martinez -LRB- left -RRB- arrives at Anfield for the service alongside Toffees defender and captain Jagielka . An Everton supporter pays his respects to the Liverpool fans who died at Hillsborough 26 years ago .