Maria Sharapova and Venus Williams have both withdrawn from their countries ' respective Fed Cup ties this weekend . Sharapova has been forced to pull out of Russia 's semi-final against Germany in Sochi with a leg injury , the Russian Tennis Federation said on Tuesday . ` I was really looking forward to playing in Sochi and taking part in the Fed Cup , ' the world No 2 said . Russian Maria Sharapova has pulled out of this weekend 's Fed Cup semi-final with a leg inury . ` For me , it would have been the first time I would have had the opportunity to play in the city where I grew up . ` My team and I specially changed my timetable so that I could represent my country in the semi-final . ` However , unfortunately I picked up a leg injury and it did not allow me to be in the best condition to get ready for this tie , ' Sharapova added . The 27-year-old 's last appearance was in the Miami Open at the end of March , where she lost in the second round to world number 97 Daria Gavrilova in straight sets . Sharapova -LRB- left -RRB- shakes hands after losing to compatriot Daria Gavrilova in straight sets in Miami . Anastasia Myskina is the Russia Fed Cup captain . She only returned to practice a few days ago after picking up an injury during in Miami . ` I need to be at the top of my game in order to help my team and play to the best of my ability in the Fed Cup semi-finals against such strong opponents . Unfortunately , I did n't have enough time to prepare , ' she said . Sharapova is also a doubt for the WTA Stuttgart Open , which starts on April 20 , where she would be defending her title . Sharapova helped Russia beat Poland in the Fed Cup first round in February , where she won both her singles matches . Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova , Svetlana Kuznetsova and Elena Vesnina have all been picked for Russian , with captain Anastasia Myskina now having to find a replacement for Sharapova . Myskina , who won the French Open in 2004 , said she had been in constant contact with the Russian number one . ` Over the last few days , I have spoken with Maria and her team a lot , ' Myskina said . ` Unfortunately her condition will not allow her to play for the national team . Maria did everything she could to try and play in Sochi . However , at the moment , she just is n't ready . ` I believe in the strength and ability of our team and am really looking forward to the semi-final , ' Myskina added . Williams , meanwhile , has withdrawn from the USA team for the World Group play-off because of a personal matter . Venus Williams has pulled out of the USA 's World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons . The United States Tennis Association says Williams will be replaced by 57th-ranked Lauren Davis . The American team is led by top-ranked Serena Williams and also includes No. 45 Alison Riske and No. 65 Christina McHale . The Italian team includes No. 15 Sara Errani , No. 26 Flavia Pennetta , No. 36 Camila Giorgi and No. 55 Karin Knapp . The Italians are without Roberta Vinci , who has an inflamed right elbow . The best-of-five series will be played outdoors on red clay at the Circolo Tennis Brindisi . Venus 's younger sister Serena will lead the American team on the red clay at the Circolo Tennis Brindisi .