A multi-millionaire property developer 's son is being questioned over the disappearance of a blonde waitress from a celebrity club popular with Premiership footballers and soap stars . Privately-educated Westley Capper , 37 , has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina , 30 , away from the nightspot in the upmarket Costa del Sol resort of Puerto Banus . Police believe 5ft 7in Agnese was forced into the vehicle . And the overweight expat - who has never been publicly named - showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday . Suspects Westley Capper -LRB- left -RRB- and co-accused Craig Porter outside court in Marbella yesterday after the hearing . They have both admitted being in the Mercedes with Agnese Klavina before she vanished . Agnese , 30 , disappeared after a night out at glitzy Puerto Banus nightclub Aqwa Mist on September 6 . A Cessna private jet owned by John Capper , multi-millionaire father of accused son Westley Capper . The tail fin features his nickname Fred . Agnese with British boyfriend Michael Millis , who travelled to Spain to help the search for the 30-year-old . The Spanish judge investigating Agnese 's disappearance from trendy Aqwa Mist , where footballer Ashley Cole , Hollywood star Eva Longoria and boxer Amir Khan have all partied , was last night expected to order a fresh round of DNA tests after his hopes of an early breakthrough in the case foundered . Capper , whose Essex-born dad John specialises in buying and selling luxury properties around the world , has had travel restrictions imposed on him while the investigation against him continues . Co-accused Craig Porter , 33 , also declined to answer questions during a closed court hearing in Marbella . The two men left the hearing in an English-plated Range Rover they had left parked in a disabled bay near the court . Agnese , whose British boyfriend , Michael Millis , is a former owner of west London club Westbourne Studios , vanished on September 6 last year after leaving Aqwa Mist with the two Brits . She was spotted shortly before she left talking to a woman of Russian appearance and was wearing a multi-coloured halter neck dress and carrying a large white Louis Vuitton handbag . Friends reported her missing later the same week along with her mother and sister after they flew to Spain when she failed to respond to calls and messages . They discovered her clothes and bank cards were still at a nearby flat where she was staying . Her friends and relatives put up missing posters around Marbella and the neighbouring resort of Puerto Banus . They also set up the ` Find Agnese Klavina ' Facebook page linked to a GoFundMe page to help raise funds for legal fees linked to the search . The waitress was spending the summer in Marbella after flying to the resort in May to start work as a receptionist at luxury beach club the Ocean Club . Capper has claimed he dropped her off near a flat she was staying at . The missing person notice for Agnese , who was spending the summer in Marbella before she vanished . Authorities are probing the possibility Agnese was killed and her body thrown into the sea from a motorboat belonging to Capper 's family . Capper -LRB- left -RRB- claims he dropped off Agnese -LRB- right -RRB- near a flat she was staying at in Marbella for the summer . Agnese was allegedly illegally detained by Porter and Capper , according to police who have studied footage from Aqwa Mist 's car park . Porter , from Liverpool , says he fell asleep on the back seat of a Mercedes they left the club in before the drop-off . Forensic experts discovered a blonde hair in the boot of the car during a sweep of the vehicle but were unable to discover who the hair belonged to during initial tests . Further tests are now expected to be ordered on the human hair and samples taken during a search of a motorboat belonging to Capper 's family . The vessel was seized in a port in the province of Murcia , around 300 miles east of Marbella . Agnese is pictured partying at Aqwa Mist shortly before she went missing in September . Authorities are probing the possibility Agnese was killed and her body thrown into the sea from the boat , which left a port in Fuengirola near Marbella days after she vanished . Capper and Porter are currently being investigated on suspicion of Agnese 's illegal detention following the recovery of CCTV footage from Aqwa Mist 's car park and a damning report by a Cracker-style criminal psychologist claiming her facial expressions show she did not leave the club voluntarily . A doorman at the club was initially arrested alongside them for allegedly obstructing police inquiries - but the case against him dropped after he and the two Brits took part in a police reconstruction of the last night Agnese was seen alive . The criminal inquiry is expected to become a homicide probe if new DNA tests show Agnese was in the boot of the car or on the motorboat . Neither suspect has yet been formally charged with any crime , as is normal in Spain in the early stages of an investigation . A secrecy order had been placed over the case , giving lawyers acting for the British suspects and Agnese 's family limited access to information . The order has now been lifted and the distraught mum and sister of Latvian-born Agnese , who was spending her summer working in Marbella after leaving her London home of the past five years , are now expected to be allowed to meet judicial authorities in Spain so they can be briefed on the investigation . Aqwa Mist is one of four Marbella venues owned by international restaurant brand La Sala , whose shareholders include ex-Tottenham Hotspur players winger David Bentley and defender Dean Austin . Footballer Ashley Cole is said to have spent £ 12,000 on champagne he then sprayed over his friends during a night out at Aqwa Mist the summer before last . Left to right : Capper and Porter after their court appearance yesterday . A doorman at the club was initially arrested alongside them for allegedly obstructing police inquiries but the case against him was dropped . John Capper 's private jet . A source said that his son Westley ` might not look like a multi-millionaire 's son but he 's never wanted for anything ' Left to right : Porter 's lawyer Immaculada -LRB- whose surname is not known -RRB- and Jorge Hoz Garcia for Capper outside the Court in Marbella after the hearing yesterday . Hollywood star Eva Longoria , American actor and singer Terence Howard and boxer Amir Khan have also partied there since its opening in June 2012 . The stars of BAFTA award-winning reality TV soap opera TOWIE are also summer regulars at the club , which bills itself as Marbella 's number one party venue . Lawyers acting for the two Brits refused to comment as they left court . A court official confirmed : ` Both suspects declined to answer questions from the judge . ` The investigation is ongoing . ' A source close to the case said : ` The judge has indicated he will order fresh DNA tests which may involve the use of Agnese 's mum 's DNA . ` He had important questions to ask the suspects and obviously would have preferred it if they had agreed to cooperate with his investigation . ' Capper 's dad , known to friends as Fred , has made a fortune from purchasing and selling luxury properties across the world . He has modernised and sold luxury villas in fortress estates like La Zagaleta near Marbella , home to some of the world 's wealthiest people . Agnese 's lawyer Fernando Scornick outside court -LRB- left -RRB- . Capper and Porter -LRB- right -RRB- drove away from the hearing in a Range Rover they had left parked in a disabled bay near the court . Aqwa Mist is a favourite with Premier League footballers . Agnese was seen on CCTV leaving the glitzy nightclub with Capper and Porter on the night of September 6 . Footballer Ashley Cole -LRB- left -RRB- is said to have spent £ 12,000 on champagne during a night out at Aqwa Mist in July 2013 , while actress Eva Longoria -LRB- right -RRB- has also partied there since its opening in June 2012 . One of his companies also boasts of assets including yachts and private jets . An acquaintance , who asked not to be named , described him as ` mega-rich ' and said he owned his own private plane with his name on the tail plate . He is currently understood to be based in Gibraltar . The source said : ` Westley might not look like a multi-millionaire 's son but he 's never wanted for anything . ' Agnese 's mum Daiga , in an appeal for information about her daugther 's whereabouts in February , said : ` We ca n't believe this is happening . ` It has now been nearly six months without our daughter - not knowing if she is still alive or where she may be . ` Please help us find our Agnese , our lives will never be the same if we do n't see her again . ` If anyone has any information no matter how small , it could make a big difference to our efforts in finding her . ' An online register for the Cessna private jet owned by John Capper . He specialises in buying and selling luxury properties . Boyfriend Michael admitted at the time : ` The longer Agnese is missing the more pessimistic we are about ever seeing her alive again . ` I think if she was going to be found safe and well she would have contacted someone close to her by now and she has n't . A spokesman for the Find Agnese Klavina campaign said in a Facebook post : ` After seven months of waiting the secrecy of the case has finally been lifted by the Spanish authorities and as such the file of the case has been opened . ` We have had yesterday the spectacle of two of the accused men being ` interrogated ' at court by the judge . ` Westley Capper and Craig Porter were repeatedly asked to answer questions relating to the case . ` They refused , citing their constitutional right to remain silent . ` Our Agnese has never been seen since -LSB- she disappeared six months ago -RSB- . ` How can we still not have charges ? ` We want justice for Agnese and all the other unfortunate missing people in Marbella . Something has to change ! ` If any one has any information about what happened that night please let the police know . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .