The saying ` two is company but three 's a crowd ' clearly did n't apply to James Corden as he met two Beckham sporting stars . The comedian tweeted a picture on Thursday alongside former England captain David Beckham and New York Giants ' NFL hotshot Odell Beckham Jnr . Accompanied with the caption : ` Double Beckhams ! ' Corden was all smiles as he posed in between the duo . James Corden -LRB- centre -RRB- posted a picture alongside Odell Beckham Jnr -LRB- left -RRB- and David Beckham via Twitter . Both Beckhams , who are of no relation , were pictured in America with the 36-year-old - who is currently filming late-night talk show Late Late in the States . Last month David Beckham lifted the lid on his son Brooklyn 's first date , in which the former Manchester United midfielder watched on from a nearby table in a London restaurant . Speaking as a guest on Corden 's show , the ex-Real Madrid and LA Galaxy star told the hilarious story of his 16-year-old son 's first foray into the world of dating . When probed by Corden , who asked , ` He must be getting quite big into the dating circuit now ? ' , Beckham replied : `` Yeah , it 's happening . He 's going to hate me for this . ` I 'm fine with it , because on his first date - when he was about 14 and a half - it was Valentine 's Day so he said , `` I 'd love to take this girl to dinner . '' David Beckham embarrassed his son Brooklyn on James Corden 's Late Late Show in America last month . Brooklyn watched on from the audience as his father told the story of his first date , at a sushi bar in London . ` I said , `` Okay , great . '' I spoke to Victoria , and she was like , `` Really ? '' , so I said , `` Yeah , he 's going to do it . '' ` She said , `` Okay , make sure you take him and then make sure you sit in the restaurant . '' So I was like , `` Really , you 're going to make me do that ? '' and she said `` Yeah , that 's the only way I 'm going to let him go . '' ' ` So we took him to a small sushi restaurant and he sat at the sushi bar and I sat about five tables back . By the way , my daughter is four years old . When she gets to that age , I will be closer than that ! ' Beckham 's son Brooklyn , who was sat in the audience as his dad retold the embarrassing story , is aiming to follow in his father 's footsteps by becoming a professional footballer . This season , he has been playing for Arsenal 's Under 16s but was recently dealt a blow with the news that the Gunners will not hand him a new deal at the end of the season . Brooklyn is looking to follow in his father 's footsteps by becoming a professional footballer . Odell Beckham Jnr -LRB- right -RRB- made the headlines for his sensational catch vs Dallas Cowboys in November 2014 .