A Chilean artist has been jailed after dyeing a famous hot spring in Iceland pink with food colouring . Marco Evaristti , the South American artist who is based in Copenhagen , poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir , found around 70 miles to the north east of Reykjavik , at dawn . When they boiled , vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result . Professing that ` nature belongs to no one ' , he did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt . He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as ` vandalism ' . Scroll down for video . An artist has been jailed after pouring food dye into the Strokkur Geysir natural hot spring in Iceland , causing its the water to turn bright pink . Artist Marco Evarastti defended his artwork , saying nature belonged to ` no one ' . Icelandic authorities jailed the Chilean national for 15 days . ` This is not art , ' Garðar Eiríksson , a spokesman for the landowners of the Geysir area told local news outlet mbl.is . ` I am deeply sorry that a visitor to out country comes up with such an idea . I have very few words to describe my disgust at these actions . ' Evaristti defended his artwork , describing himself as a ` landscape painter ' . ` I do what I do because I 'm a painter , a landscape painter who does n't use a canvas , I paint directly on nature . ` I do not ask for permission because nature belongs to noone . I believe in freedom of speech and I believe nature does n't belong to certain people , but to everyone . ' ` I love mother nature . If I love a womn I give her a diamond ring . That 's why I decorate nature , because I love it . ' The artist has carried out the same stunt four times across the world including at a frozen waterfall in Norway last year . Boasting of the ` installation ' on his website , he wrote : ` The 5th Pink State has seen the light of day . ` This morning the utopian state of Pink State claimed as it 's new territory the magnificent Strokkur Geysir in Iceland . ' Natural wonder : The spring -LRB- pictured in summer months above -RRB- usually lets off white steam and water .