Raheem Sterling is at the centre of a second drugs controversy after the Liverpool forward was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide . The England international , who was also exposed on Sunday after he was caught puffing on a shisha pipe , will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high , which is also known as ` hippy crack ' . In the footage Sterling is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling before he asks one of his friends to give him another hit . Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as ` hippy crack ' The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out . When the camera pans back to the 20-year-old , he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep . It is claimed that the video , obtained by The Sun , was taken at his home in Southport in the days before a game . Nitrous oxide starves the brain of oxygen and makes users feel light-headed and dizzy . Sterling scored in last night 's 2-0 victory over Newcastle United but he also missed a chance from six yards in the 56th minute and could now face disciplinary action after his second indiscretion in the space of 24 hours . Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling can be seen pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe . Sterling scored the opening goal in Monday night 's 2-0 victory over Newcastle . Nitrous Oxide , has been nicknamed ` laughing gas ' due to the euphoric and relaxed feeling people who inhale it can sometimes feel . The gas is normally bought in pressured canisters , commonly transferred to a container , e.g. a balloon , from which the gas is inhaled . Nitrous oxide is not illegal to possess , but this does n't mean that it is safe to use . The effects of nitrous oxide vary depending on how much has been inhaled but they include : . • Feelings of euphoria , relaxation and calmness . • Dizziness , difficulty in thinking straight and fits of giggles/laughter . • Sound distortions or even hallucinations . • In some people , a headache can be an unwanted immediate effect . Risks include : . • Unconsciousness or death from lack of oxygen . This occurs when the available oxygen for breathing is effectively pushed out by the nitrous oxide . A Liverpool spokesman said : ` We are aware of the story and intend to speak to the player . Any subsequent action will be taken internally . ' Sportsmail contacted Sterling 's agent , Aidy Ward , last night . He refused to comment on the story but did not deny that it was his client . A small pocket of Liverpool fans on The Kop vented their frustrations at last night 's game , chanting ` Raheem Sterling , your agent 's a k *** ' during the first half . They were widely applauded . Asked if he will be reminding Sterling of his responsibilities , Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said : ` I will do . He 's a young kid who has been in the spotlight now so he knows the demands of being a top class professional -- it 's not just on the field it 's off the field , but I will speak with him on it and we 'll move on . ' Sportsmail columnist and former Liverpool captain Jamie Carragher said : ` In years to come he 'll look back over this period now as a massive learning curve . When you 're a 20-year-old kid , you make mistakes . I did , I 'm sure we all do . It 's just important that he learns from it because Raheem Sterling needs to be on the back pages , not the front pages and that 's a problem for him in these last few months . ' Players ' union chief Bobby Barnes called for understanding after Sterling ` made a mistake ' . Barnes , deputy chief executive of the Professional Footballers ' Association and European president of the international players ' union FIFPro , said people should not be too hard on Sterling . He said : ` Nobody would condone the use of these types of substances whether legal or otherwise as footballers are seen as role models . It does send a message to young people that if it 's good enough for footballers then it 's good enough for them and that is not desirable . The 20-year-old recently snubbed a £ 100,000-a-week contract offer from the Merseyside club . ` But you have to bear in mind that we ask an awful lot of young players growing up in the public eye . Many of us look back at things we have done in our teens and early 20s and wish we had n't done them . ` He 's made a mistake and people are human . I am sure this will be a minor blip on his path to a fantastic career . ` Players have to be aware that there is camera on every corner - they are very much in the spotlight . ` He 's a young man , growing up in public eye and he 's made a mistake . Let 's not be too hard on the boy . He is under a lot of pressure and people think because he has a lot of talent he 's also supposed to have diplomacy and wisdom . ` In the main he 's doing a very good job , he 's at a good club and has a good manager and I 'm sure Brendan will put his arm around him and at the same time make him aware of his responsibilities . ' Nitrous oxide has been nicknamed ` laughing gas ' due to the euphoric and relaxed feeling people who inhale it can sometimes feel . Official figures show 460,000 16-24 years olds took it last year . Brendan Rodgers has backed his wayward star but contract stand-off has created tension at Liverpool . It has been the cause of 17 deaths since 2006 . It costs around £ 2 to buy and is not illegal to possess -- Sterling is not the first footballer to be caught indulging . Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the ` role model ' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health . The anti-drugs organisation 's spokesman , Stephen Ream , told MailOnline : ` It 's very disappointing from our point of view . He is a big role model and we hate to see this kind of stuff from someone of his status . ` Players in similar situations in the past have come out and apologised and we hope he does the same . ` Nitrous Oxide is not the most dangerous drug out there but there are deaths attached to it . There are risks and we would urge anyone tempted to take it not to do so . ' Tottenham defender Kyle Walker was pictured inhaling a balloon in 2013 , while last year Saido Berahino was pictured doing it at the wheel of his Range Rover . In February , Jack Wilshere faced criticism after he was pictured with a shisha pipe on a night out while recovering from ankle surgery . But the Arsenal star , who has previously been pictured smoking cigarettes , was defended by England manager Roy Hodgson who said he 'd tried the Middle Eastern pipe himself and did not think it was a problem . The past two months have proved to be a tempestuous period in Sterling 's fledgling career and the revelations of the past two days have ensured extra scrutiny . The England international -LRB- right -RRB- played in the Reds FA Cup quarter final win over Blackburn on Wednesday . Sterling -LRB- second right -RRB- attended the launch of the 2015-16 Liverpool kit at Anfield on Friday afternoon . There was a large turnout for the launch of the new kit , which will be worn throughout the 2015-16 season . England and Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere -LRB- right -RRB- was involved in a smoking controversy in February . Sterling 's contract stand-off with Liverpool has created tension and he was heckled at the launch of the club 's new kit last week . He has turned down a deal worth around £ 100,000 per week and does not want to resume negotiations until the end of the season . Sterling infuriated Liverpool at the start of the month when he gave an interview to the BBC -- without permission -- to talk about his contract stand-off and why he did not want to be perceived as a ` greedy 20-year-old ' .