US basketball star Thabo Sefolosha blamed six officers from the New York Police Department -LRB- NYPD -RRB- for breaking his leg after they forced him to the ground and arrested him . The Atlanta Hawks player made the statement through his club 's Twitter account , saying that his injury had left him in ` great pain ' and ` was caused by the police ' . Sefolosha was wrestled over by officers and grabbed around the neck last week on the same night that Indiana Pacers player Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club in Chelsea , New York . Scroll down for video . Sefolosha leaving court , pictured with his broken leg . He has blamed NYPD officer for the injury after they were videod pushing him to the ground when he was arrested for allegedly preventing them setting up a crime scene . Sefolosha 's statement says he has experienced a ` significant injury ' and that it was 'cause d by the police ' The injury has left Sefolosha in ` great pain ' , he says . and he will miss the rest of the games this season . The 6 ' 7 '' swingman was arrested alongside teammate Pero Antić for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene . They were charged with obstructing governmental administration . He was left with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments , and is unable to play any of the matches left in the season . A video obtained and shared by entertainment website TMZ shows officers surrounding Sefolosha as he is pushed to the ground , and Antic being led away from the scene in handcuffs . The NYPD have now launched an internal investigation into the arrest after it was claimed the officers used excessive force when overpowering the player . In Sefolosha 's statement , shared by the Atlanta Hawks official Twitter account , he said it has been a ` difficult time ' for him and thanked his family , friends , club and teammates for their support . Video shows how Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD officers . Sefolosha , in the left picture , was arrested with Hawks teammate Pero Antic . Police arrested and charged the pair with obstructing governmental administration after they allegedly tried to prevent a crime scene setting up . He said : ` I am extremely disappointed that I will not be able to join my teammates on the court during the playoffs and apologize to them for any distraction this incident has caused . ` I will be cheering for them every step of the way and will be diligent in my rehabilitation . ' Adding that he is not able to discuss ongoing legal proceedings , he added : ` I will simply say that I am in great pain , have experienced a significant injury and that the injury was caused by the police . ' The incident happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club . Video also shows Sefolosha 's Atlanta Hawks teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs . Thabo Sefolosha -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Pero Antić were pictured leaving a courthouse in New York last Wednesday . IN the video of the incident Pero Antić -LRB- pictured -RRB- is already sitting on the curb before police grab Sefolosha . Sefolosha , left , and Antić , right , were in New York for a match for their team the Atlanta Hawks NBA . The arrests happened as police were trying to investigate the stabbing of Indiana Pacers star Chris Copeland . Copeland , a former player for the New York Knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday , April 8 . Shezoy Bleary , 22 , has been accused of attacking the 31-year-old and two women with a switchblade . Scroll down for video . Injured : Chris Copeland , a player for the Indiana Pacers , and his wife , Katrine Saltara , pictured , were both stabbed following an argument outside a New York City club in the early hours of Wednesday , April 8 . Bleary was taken to his arraignment by NYPD . He is seen here in front of the New York State Supreme Court . Allegations : Shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4 am . Last week , it was reported that Bleary was seen leaving New York City 's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Copeland was undergoing surgery for his injuries . An argument in the early hours outside the 1 OAK nightclub had escalated into violence at around 4 am . Copeland 's wife Katrine Saltara , 28 , was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation . Copeland and Saltara were reportedly arguing on the street as the attacker eavesdropped and then started to interfere . Injured : Video by a passerby shows Copeland and his wife on the ground before they were taken to hospital . The couple , pictured , were rushed to Bellevue hospital for treatment following the alleged attack . When Copeland told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a switchblade and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . ` They were engaged in a verbal dispute in front of the location , ' said Officer Sophia Mason , an NYPD spokeswoman . ` The males engaged in a confrontation , and that 's when the 22-year-old male stabbed the 31-year-old male , ' Mason said . He then turned on Saltara , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm , sources told the New York Post . Scene : The couple were stabbed by a man who interrupted them as they argued outside 1OAK in Chelsea . Bloody scene : After Copeland reportedly told the man to leave , he allegedly pulled a knife and stabbed them . Blood-splattered : A nearby car , which belongs to Copeland , has streaks of blood across it after the incident . Another woman , Catherine Somani , 23 , was also stabbed in the abdomen as she apparently tried to break up the fight , WABC reported . She was believed to be the suspect 's girlfriend . Copeland and his wife were both taken to Bellevue Hospital for treatment , while Somani was rushed to Lenox Hill Hospital . CBS reported that Copeland underwent surgery on Wednesday morning . ` We are aware that Chris Copeland was injured early this morning in New York City , ' Indiana Pacers President Larry Bird said in a statement to DailyMail.com on Wednesday . Scroll down for video . Probe : NYPD officers search for evidence outside the nightclub in Chelsea in New York City . ` We are still gathering information and will update when we know more . Our thoughts are with Chris and those injured . ' The team confirmed that he had suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen . The fight broke out down the street from 1OAK , a popular Chelsea club where celebrities including Leonardo DiCaprio , Justin Bieber , Miley Cyrus and Lindsay Lohan have been spotted partying . The couple is believed to have only been inside the club briefly . The Hawks and Pacers were both in New York for basketball games . Loved up : The couple are seen in a picture taken after their engagement in September 2013 . On the court : Copeland previously played for the New York Knicks -LRB- pictured in 2013 -RRB- . He was in New York to take on the team on Wednesday night but was undergoing surgery on Wednesday morning for his wounds . Copeland , who is from New Jersey , was supposed to play his former team , the New York Knicks , at Madison Square Garden last Wednesday . He previously played 56 games for the team in his 2012-2013 rookie season . Both Pacers and Knicks fans flocked to social media to wish him a speedy recovery on Wednesday . ` Hope that you and your wife have a speedy recovery , ' one fan wrote . ` Once a knick always a knick . '