One of the most widespread ` food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth . The five-second rule , which has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts , is not as sure-fire as many snackers would surely like it to be . Experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule , but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play . Scroll down for video . One of the most widespread ` food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth , meaning this tart is n't safe to pick up . ` There 's no such things as a ` five-second rule ' , ' Food Safety Information Council spokeswoman Rachelle Williams told Daily Mail Australia . ` It 's a myth ; we definitely do not recommend it . ' However , Ms Williams said we need to consider the type of food before picking something up off the floor and eating it . ` It all comes down to bacteria , ' she said . Video courtesy of RMIT . Experts say dry foods , like cookies , are less hazardous and can be OK , according to health experts . Uncut fruit is one group considered non-hazardous , however cut fruits should never be subjected to the five-second rule . ` Bacteria relies on moisture to grow , so any food wet food is considering potentially hazardous . It 's much easier for bacteria to grow on those foods . ` With dry foods , it is conversely much tougher for bacteria to grow . ' Dry foods are things such as potato chips , lollies , nuts , biscuits , crackers and uncooked rice or pasta . Potato chips and nuts fall into the ` maybe ' area of the five-second rule . Meat , such as cold-cuts and salami , are definitely not worth the risk , and can be a breeding ground for bacteria . If you drop some uncooked rice , it can be safe to pick it up and throw in the pan . However , cooked rice is very dangerous . Dry foods are things such as potato chips , lollies , nuts , biscuits , crackers and uncooked rice or pasta . Wet foods are cut fruit , cold meats , ham , salami , dairy products , and cooked rice or pasta . The comments come after the Food Safety Information Council released a food safety report card as part of World Health Day on April 7 . Crakers and nuts have a lower risk than wet foods . Sausages should never be picked up - five-second rule or not . More than 4.1 million cases of food poisoning are diagnosed in Australia every year , with 31,920 hospitalisations and 82 deaths . However , the number is coming down , which experts credited to an increased basic understanding of food safety . ` Australian consumers get an A plus for knowledge ... ' , Food Safety Information Council Chair Professor Michael Eyles said . ` But there are a number of other food safety practices where there can be ` room for improvement . ' Mr Eyles identified cooking food thoroughly , being aware of and sticking to use-by dates , and ensuring it is stored at the right temperature as important areas of focus .