He was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days and feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him . Now more than two years since Australian Warren Rodwell was finally staggered to freedom from the clutches of the Filipino terror group Abu Sayyaf , he believes he may be in for another fight . In an interview with Daily Mail Australia , Mr Rodwell said he fears the Federal government will not award him Victims of Terror Overseas compensation . Scroll down for video . Islamist militants posing as policemen abducted Mr Rodwell from his home in the Philippines by gunpoint on December 5 , 2011 . He was released in March 2013 when his family managed to raise a ransom . Abu Sayyaf militants are pictured guarding an area prior to a meeting with the Sulu government . Under Australian law , the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $ 75,000 in compensation . But for that to happen , Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event . Despite an official from the Attorney-General 's Department -LRB- AGD -RRB- lauding his courage and referring a petition from him to Mr Abbott 's office , the kidnapping victim is sceptical it will see action . The AGD did not place any timeframe on when he should expect Mr Abbott to decide on his case . ` The prime minister has no time for doing things like this , ' Mr Rodwell told Daily Mail Australia - who attributed part of his situation to his low public profile . Islamist militants posing as policemen abducted Mr Rodwell from his home in the Philippines by gunpoint on December 5 , 2011 . He was released in March 2013 after his family managed to raise a significant ransom and has spent time since recovering from his physical and psychological injurie . Mr Rodwell -LRB- right -RRB- is escorted by Philippine police officers as he arrives at a police station in Pagadian City , on the southern island of Mindanao early March 23 , 2013 , shortly after he was released by his Islamic militant kidnappers . Mr Rodwell walked free on March 23 after being held for 15 months by Islamic militants in the lawless southern Philippines . A government media blackout was enforced during his captivity . The kidnapping victim said he was a ` little bitter ' this year that other Australians trapped overseas have obtained considerable attention , including Kalynda Davis , the Bali Nine drug smugglers and journalist Peter Greste . ` I got no attention because I was n't female and I was n't a convicted drug smuggler and I was n't a recognised person in society - just one of these ordinary people . ' Some of the ` declared terror events ' where Australian victims or families are eligible for compensation include the September 11 attacks , Bali and London bombings and the siege at the Westgate Mall in Kenya . ASIO has officially declared Abu Sayyaf as a terrorist organisation . Mr Rodwell is hoping to use any compensation to pay back his brother and sister , who helped arrange the ransom payment that saved him . A spokeswoman for the Attorney-General 's Department said it does not comment on individual cases relating to the Australian Victims of Terrorism Overseas Payment -LRB- AVTOP -RRB- . Mr Abbott 's office was approached for comment .