A 12-year-old girl battling Leukemia for two years has been kicked out of school for her lack of attendance . ` I did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' Rose McGrath of battle Creek , Michigan said tearfully . Last week St. Joseph 's Middle School , a private Catholic School , sent a letter to Rose McGrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance . Scroll down for video . Heartbroken : ` I did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' Rose McGrath of battle Creek , Michigan said tearfully of her school kicking her out for poor attendance because of her Leukemia . Dismissed : John Fleckenstein , with Battle Creek Area Catholic Schools , claims that the school made many accommodations for Rose and that none of them seemed to help her enough . Rose 's mother Barbara McGrath was just as heartbroken to hear the news and said even though her daughter is no longer getting cancer treatment , that her recovery will take some time . ` Even though she 's now done with her treatments you still have a very long recovery process because you 've basically just put two and a half years of poison into your body . You 're not recovering overnight , ' said Rose 's mother , Barbara McGrath . Rose has been attending the Battle Creek Catholic Schools her whole entire life and when she was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia her world was turned upside down . Rose told WWMT that school was the one place that she actually felt normal . ` When I 'm at home , I 'm sick , I do n't feel well ; no one else does that . But when I 'm at school I 'm like everyone else , ' Rose said . A struggle : Rose was diagnosed with leukemia in 2012 and though she is done with her treatment she still feels ill and has trouble attending her classes and finishing her schoolwork . Not having fun : Rose 's mother says her daughter is n't skipping out of school ` to have fun ' but that she . Long battle : Rose 's mother Barbara -LRB- right -RRB- stands beside her daughter Rose she continues to heal from her debilitating disease . St. Joseph 's catholic school that charges as much as $ 6,983 per year said that they were generous enough to provide Rose with special accommodations because of her illness . It is unclear as to whether Rose was receiving financial assistance and they did not elaborate on what kinds of accommodations were made . ` These were extraordinary circumstances , but so many accommodations were made we felt eventually it became a point where we really had to help Rose , by being able to make sure that she was getting the assistance that she needed and to learn , ' said Father John Fleckenstein , with Battle Creek Area Catholic Schools . The school says that Rose only attended school 32 days out of this entire school year . Rose McGrath 's parents feel as though the school is seriously failing their child . ` The accommodations which were made were woefully inadequate for a child with such a serious diagnosis , ' said Rose 's father Tom McGrath to WWMT . ` It 's not like she 's out at the mall having fun , she 's in her bed , sick with nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain . She 's not having fun , she 's sick . She 'd be at school if she could , ' Barbara said . The McGrath 's say that they filed a complaint with the Office of Civil Rights and that they are waiting for a response . Trying to help others : Rose raising money for St. Baldrcks to find a cure for childhood cancer . Support : Rose has plenty of support from family and friends but she will need to figure out where she will go to school if she is not allowed back at St. Josephs .