Jimmy Anderson is unique . From the moment he emerged as a raw youngster in the England team you could see that . England have always produced swing bowlers but not one with Anderson 's skills . It did not take long to realise he would have an outstanding career . He knew what he was doing , too , as soon as he came into the England side ahead of the 2003 World Cup . He did not need coaching and he did not need telling what to do . Jimmy Anderson edged closer to Sir Ian Botham 's record for England 's leading wicket-taker in Tests . Look at him on Tuesday . If you had asked anyone which end he would choose , almost everybody would have said the other end to the one Anderson picked . It would just seem natural that he 'd want the wind to assist his outswing . Not Jimmy . He wanted to swing it away from the left-hander so he started at the other end and his stats will tell you that you ca n't argue with him . It is to his credit that he knows his own mind . There have been a lot of English cricketers over the years who need telling what to do but Jimmy is stubborn and I like that . His attitude is almost : ` You do what you want to do and I 'll do what I want to do . ' It 's a great advantage for a captain to have someone like that . Anderson celebrates the dismissal of Devon Smith on day two in Antigua , his 381st Test wicket . The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week in Antigua . Yes , he can be a bit difficult . You talk to Andrew Strauss about Anderson and he 'll tell you about the arguments they had . Strauss would want to attack and have an extra slip if the ball was swinging but Anderson would want an extra cover if he was pitching the ball up because he hates going for runs . You have to take him on occasionally and that 's healthy . Reaching 100 Tests as a fast bowler and being on the brink of becoming England 's leading wicket-taker is more about character and the fight in Jimmy than about his skills . He has had to be tough to get this far . He remembers very well the bad times -- putting out the cones , bringing out the drinks and the time spent on the sidelines with injury . He had to go back to county cricket and watch people not as good as him play for England . Anderson has been the leader of England 's bowling attack for a while and will be vital in the Ashes . It is far from easy for a fast bowler to play 100 Tests and in Anderson 's case you can not say he has lost a yard of pace because of all that hard work he has put in . He will be sorely missed when he does call it a day . England must be careful with him now they are in a run of 17 Tests in nine months . If Anderson were to miss any Ashes Tests it would be a serious blow to their hopes of regaining the urn because Stuart Broad is not at his best and Chris Jordan and Ben Stokes are still making their way . Do n't wrap him up in cotton wool , because he is a bowler who needs overs in his legs . But I 'm not sure Anderson , who will be 33 in July , should be playing one-day cricket , in which he has never been a world-beater . England need him in Test cricket as long as possible . Anderson was presented with a special silver cap by Michael Atherton -LRB- right -RRB- for reaching 100 Tests . A youthful Anderson pictured on Test debut against Zimbabwe at Lord 's in May 2003 . He wants to carry on for as long as possible , that 's for sure , but he will have to set goals for himself , like coming back at Australia after being on the end of the second 5-0 Ashes defeat in his career . Anderson has said he has changed since the shoving incident with Ravindra Jadeja at Trent Bridge last summer but I have n't noticed any less aggression ... and nor should there be . He needs that aggression in his game and he knows where the line is .