This is the deafening moment a mother of six boys finds out she 's finally having a girl after the seventh time trying . Video shows Cher Lair from Apex , North Carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around . She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker . As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement . After falling back in surprise , she then gets down on her knees repeatedly panting : ` Oh my God . ' Bystanders can be heard cheering and clapping in the background as they watch the scene unfold . Lair told WTVD-TV that she and her husband , Stephen , had given up on ever having a daughter . ` Initially , on baby three and four I 'm thinking , `` They 'll be a girl at some point . They ca n't all be boys . '' ` But after four and five and six , you 're kind of thinking , `` Yeah , they can , '' ' she said . Caught on camera : This is the deafening moment a mother of six boys finds out she 's finally having a girl , the seventh time trying . Big moment : Video shows Cher Lair from Apex , North Carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around . Catch her if you can : As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement . The mother-of-six found out she was expecting a little lady on Monday . A friend , who was told the child 's sex , chipped in to bake the pink-colored chocolate cake . Lair says that she 's nervous about a girl entering such a ` boy house ' but she 's excited to doing ` mommy - daughter ' things . ` I want to ... take her to Cinderella , for pedicures and manicures , and shop for a prom dress , ' she added . Boy household : Lair said that she and her husband , Stephen , had given up on ever having a daughter . Tickled pink : Lair is set to have her seventh child in August - currently there is no word on possible names . To date the video of Lair 's gender reveal reaction has been watched more than 100,000 times with many viewers giving it the thumbs up . One commenter wrote : ` That is an awesome video . ` This little girl is going to be so lucky to have six big brothers to look after her ... congrats ! ' Lair is set to have her seventh child in August . Currently there is no word on possible names .