Doctors who treated brain cancer sufferer Ashya King in Britain yesterday accused the boy 's parents of putting his life at risk when they refused to let him have chemotherapy . Consultant Peter Wilson told a BBC TV documentary Ashya 's chances of long-term survival could have been halved by Brett and Naghmeh King 's decision to flee abroad with him before he had the treatment he was being offered here . Dr Wilson , clinical director for child health at Southampton General Hospital , claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five-year-old 's cancer returning . Scroll down for video . Clinicians in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of King family 's flight to Spain after disagreeing with doctors . And in an interview on Radio 4 's Today programme he complained of the ` vitriol ' to which he had been subjected as a result of the case , saying : ` I personally received a letter from a person who said they wished my children got cancer and died . ' Mr and Mrs King had accused the hospital of planning treatment which would have left their son a ` vegetable ' and took him abroad last year for proton beam therapy , an alternative form of radiotherapy . Mr King , 51 , said Ashya did not need subsequent chemotherapy as his cancer was in remission . Last month , four months after the proton treatment ended , the family said scans showed ` no evidence ' of the tumour . But Dr Wilson , a paediatric intensive care consultant , said Ashya should have undergone chemotherapy within six weeks of his original surgery to remove the tumour in Southampton last July , and said it was too early to say he had been cured . He told the BBC : ` We are unsure as to exactly what treatment he is receiving but what we do know is ... every month that goes by that he 's not getting chemotherapy , his outcome worsens . The family then went to Prague for proton beam therapy , and now say there is ` no evidence ' of a tumour . ` There are experts in the country that have already quoted figures of halving survival -- so survival going from 80 per cent to 40 or 50 per cent , which is quite dramatic . ' Dr Wilson said there was an ` international consensus ' of medical opinion that Ashya 's form of brain cancer should be treated by surgery followed by chemotherapy and radiotherapy . After he had the surgery in Southampton his parents took him from the hospital without telling doctors . He was eventually given radiotherapy in the form of proton beam therapy in the Czech Republic , but his parents said the chemotherapy was not needed . They initially fled to Spain where they were arrested then released after the High Court approved their plan to take Ashya to Prague . The NHS eventually agreed to pay for the proton therapy there . Dr Wilson said there was a risk that tiny cancerous cells remained around the tumour site after the surgery , and that chemotherapy and radiotherapy were required to treat those cells to offer the best possible chance that the cancer would not return . The Kings were unavailable for comment but have said they wanted Ashya to receive the best possible treatment . Paediatric intensive care consultant Dr Peter Wilson said it was ` deeply unfair when the NHS is supposed to be about equal healthcare for all ' that he had to say no to parents wanting proton beam therapy for their children .