We 've had an ale made from yeast grown in beard hair , a beer that features barley from the International Space Station , and a 67.5 per cent alcohol brew that comes with a warning tag . And while the craft beer revolution has seen connoisseurs knock back their interesting ales and small batch brews , news of the latest offering might put off even the biggest of fans . Promising to make the hardiest of stomachs turn before even a sip is supped , this new craft beer will be brewed from human sewage . Recycling gone too far ? US alcohol regulators have approved plans for beer brewed from human waste . Production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in Oregon , US , and will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services . The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple . According to a 50-page report which was handed to alcohol regulators , the sewage would pose ` very low human health risk ' and would be treated to ` very high standards ' . There will only be ten barrels of beer made and it wo n't be available in shops but there is talk of mass production if the drink proves popular . In the report , Robert Baumgartner , an assistant director at Clean Water Services , told regulators it was designed to ` raise awareness of the reusable nature of all water ' . ` By highlighting craft beer , a product Oregon is known for around the world , the project will seek to engage ... people everywhere in a conversation about water , ' he continued . The scheme , which is backed by The Oregon Brewers Guld and Oregen Brew Crew , is proving to be highly unpopular with state residents . According to The Mirror , Resident Dorothy Shoemaker said : ` The water meets drinking water requirements , but does it smell and taste good ? ' Elizabeth Graser-Lindset added : ` There is plenty of clean water in Oregon . ` Let 's let the ground do the purifying as water sinks a hundred or more feet to the water table . ` DO N'T use recycled water in alcoholic beverages . ' 1 . Snake Venom beer brewed by Brewmeister 's Brewery Armageddon which contains 67.5 per cent alcohol . The beer comes with a warning tag telling you not to drink too much and costs $ 80 -LRB- £ 54 -RRB- a bottle . 2 . Brewdog 's End of History - a special limited edition Belgian blonde ale - is a 50 per cent ABV which sold for $ 765 -LRB- £ 510 -RRB- a bottle . There were only 12 bottles made , and each was encased in a taxidermied body of a weasel or squirrel . 3 . Sapporo Space Barley made with barley that was on the International Space Station and sold for $ 100 -LRB- £ 68 -RRB- for a six pack . 4 . Starting them young , Hello Kitty beers - which were aimed at the younger market - have half the alcohol of a Budweiser and come in fruity flavours such as passion fruit , banana and peace . 5 . Rogue Ale 's The Beard Beer is made from yeast grown in the beard of the company 's master brewer , John Maier .