A mother of two who works as a high-class escort has told how she received ` a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of apparently `` better '' mothers ' when she revealed her double life on national television . Amanda Goff , known to her clients as Samantha X , is a former journalist wrote a book about her experience after becoming a global sensation . In her new book , Hooked - Secrets of a High-Class Escort , the 40-year-old said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media , with interview requests flooding in from news organisations all over the world . After being labelled ` a whore and a s *** and an anti-feminist ' , Ms Goff said the most troubling part of her ` coming out ' experience was the response she received from other mothers , who expected her children to ` endure a life of misery ' because of her abnormal profession . Scroll down for video . Former journalist Amanda Goff appeared on a TV show in LA about sex and relationships and defended her decision to reveal her identity as escort Samantha X . ` The fact I had kids caused a torrent of vitriolic abuse spouting from the thinly pursed lips of apparently ` better ' mothers than me who thought my role in society was awful , tutting my ` poor , poor ' children and raging about what a terrible , selfish mother I was , and how because of my job , my kids would have to endure a life of misery , bullying and shame -LRB- probably from their own kids -RRB- , ' she wrote . Although Ms Goff , who has worked at New Idea , InStyle and Prevention magazines , knew her story would one day become ` old news ' , she said she felt physically sick in the weeks following her revelation . After a stern talking to from a close friend , Ms Goff said she decided to ` toughen up ' and start focusing on the people in her life who she thought really mattered . The mother-of-two said her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the ` life of misery ' her children were expected to endure . ` The people who loved me knew who I was . I adored my kids , and my kids adored me . I was a good person , a good mum , a good friend . ' Ms Goff said she was glad she has been able to tell her story and reveal the ` emotional turmoil ' and ` torture ' she faced after she outed herself as an escort . She explained that among the negativity , she also received many messages of ` kindness ' and ` support ' . Some even told her they were inspired to leave their mundane jobs to pursue a career in the sex industry . Ms Goff claims her job as a sex worker , is more ethical than her former career as a journalist in which she admits she hid in bushes and illegally hacked phones . Goff said she is not ashamed of her decision to go public and says she is the ` happiest ' she has ever been . ` They want to thank me for going public and making them realise it was okay to like sex , and want to get paid for it , ' she said . Not only did Ms Goff receive support from those who wanted to follow in her footsteps , she was also commended for her strength and courage by women who already worked in the sex industry . While she copped a lot of flack for admitting she worked in the sex industry , Ms Goff said her job as a sex worker , was more ethical than her former career as a journalist where she was asked to hide in bushes and illegally hack phones . Discussing her personal life , Ms Goff confirmed her ex partner and the father of her children had known about her x-rated career ` for yonks ' and although he did not support it , she had never deceived him about it . Ms Goff 's ex-husband , Sydney banker David Basha -LRB- right -RRB- told Daily Mail Australia that he was disgusted with his former wife 's decision to publicly announce her identity . Ms Goff spends one week as a full-time mother to her children - who she shares custody with Mr Basha - and the next in a luxury apartment in Sydney 's CBD where she carries out her life as Samantha X . Hooked : Amanda Goff reveals why she decided to out herself as a high-class escort and what happened after her big secret became a global sensation . Ms Goff 's ex-husband , Sydney banker David Basha , told Daily Mail Australia last year that he was disgusted with his former wife 's decision to publicly announce her identity . He said : ` It 's a disgrace . I have had to explain to my kids what 's going on . I 'm worried about my family , I just really want to leave my kids out of this . ' After cutting ties with her former flame and coming out as an escort , Ms Goff said Samantha X was inundated with requests and claimed she could have pocketed a ` million dollars ' if she 'd have seen every person who inquired . However , after enduring months of public scrutiny , Ms Goff said her time as an escort was coming to an end . She said that while she would miss the extravagant lifestyle , at this stage in her life , she had become more concerned with finding a long-term partner . ` Samantha X is afraid of love , ' she revealed . ` I am sick of being afraid . I am sick of sleeping alone . ' If you want to learn more about Amanda Goff 's story you can read about it in her tell all book Hooked - Secrets of a High-Class Escort .