They 're the ultimate status symbol for the ultra-rich , but superyacht owners or charter clients are n't content to just sip margaritas in the sun or watch films in their on-board cinemas . They spare no expense or detail when they throw extravagant parties and they go to great lengths to one-up fellow members of the world 's one per cent or impress their celebrity guests . Money is no object to those who like to flaunt their massive wealth at sea , and that means sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests for everything from high-end food and entertainment to luxurious decor and special guests . Scroll down for video . Superyachts can sell for more than £ 50million , while others cost more than £ 400,000 a week to charter . Henry Smith , a sales broker with Cecil Wright , a boutique yacht brokerage with offices in Monaco and London , said : ` You do get some pretty unusual requests . The strange ones are demanding , particularly when food has to be sent from one place to another at the last minute . ` When you 're doing requests like this you 're paying considerably more than if you were to organise it in advance . But then again , as people say , this is yachting . ' In a fast-pace world where brokers expect the unexpected , these are some of the most outrageous requests from superyacht owners and charter clients . One superyacht owner threw a party with two live tigers , allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals . Two caged tigers . A Life of Pi situation was avoided when an owner from Europe threw a party with two live Siberian tigers on board . Under the care of trained professionals , the tigers were held in glass cages on the aft deck , allowing partygoers to pose for selfies with the animals in the background . Mr Smith said the biggest challenges were sorting out the insurance and paperwork , and lifting the tigers onto the superyacht . Hoisting caged tigers onto a yacht is n't covered by the normal premiums . Mr Smith said : ` Getting them physically onto the yacht was an issue because they had to lift them using cranes . ` The people who owned the tigers were wary to allow other people to operate the machinery , and it took several weeks of paperwork once we found a specialist insurer . ' Mr Smith said the tigers were rented from a circus and were taken off the yacht after the party ended . He said : ` It went off without a hitch in the end , but it was an awful lot of work on our end . But that 's what we do , that 's what we 're paid for . ' Cecil Wright arranged for fresh fruit and vegetables to be flown from the French Riviera to the Maldives . Special delivery -- from France to the Maldives . It 's the comforts of home that people miss the most when they travel for long periods , but that is n't a problem for the world 's super-rich . One client had a week 's worth of fruit and vegetables sent from their favourite shop in the South of France straight to their superyacht in the Maldives . Of course , the container had a travel experience that most people will never have -- it was flown from France to the island nation in the Indian Ocean by private jet . Once it arrived in the Maldives it was loaded into a helicopter and delivered to the superyacht , where it landed on one of its decks . Mr Smith said there was ` nothing fancy ' about the food , which arrived undamaged and fresh . The owner just wanted a familiar taste from back home . He said : ` The value of the food on the flight was significant less than the value of the flight . ' Three ` A-list ' musical acts were hired to perform at a private party that took four months to plan . Party on a desert island . One client wanted to have a huge party on a deserted island for 80 friends and family members , so a team of engineers had to be flown out to set up a stage and other amenities . The private party featured performances by three ` A-list ' musical acts from the UK and US -LRB- Mr Smith was n't at liberty to reveal their identities -RRB- , who were flown in by private jet and helicopter . Mr Smith said it took four months of planning and three weeks to build the venue . This included flying in generators to power the sound and lighting systems , a professional grade kitchen and living accommodation for the construction crew . Some owners have built classrooms on board and hired teachers for around-the-world voyages . Sailing around the world in a floating classroom . Superyacht owners do n't let their children 's education get in the way of their ambitious plans for an around-the-world family holiday . They bring the classroom -- and the teacher -- with them . Mr Smith said some owners have had small classrooms built within their superyachts so their children can keep up with their studies . They have also hired teachers to deliver lessons while travelling to some of the most exotic places on Earth . For the teachers , it is an incredible way to see the world while getting paid and not having to pay for a home or utility bills . Mr Smith said : ` -LSB- Salary -RSB- varies enormously on things such as age and the amount of holiday they get , but you 'd be looking at certainly a minimum of £ 50,000 . ' Great French Bake Off . Baking an eight-tier cake is a very complex and time-consuming process , and a boulangerie in the South of France had just 24 hours to prepare one after a ` last-minute ' request . The cake , decorated with edible flowers , was prepared in a hurry for a guest 's birthday party in Saint-Tropez in the French Riviera . Mr Smith said : ` They were working flat-out to make this thing , and it required a lot of convincing on our part to convince them to do it . ` This eight-tier monster cake looked like a bouquet almost , with lots of very intricately designed and hand-cut edible flowers . It was impressive to say the least . ' One crew had just two hours to blow up 2,500 pink and silver balloons for a girl 's birthday party . ` A sea of pink and silver ' Sticking with the birthday theme , Cecil Wright once received a request to organise a surprise birthday party for an owner 's granddaughter . The crew had just two hours to blow up 2,500 pink and silver balloons , using compressed air tanks , as it was the only time the youngster was off the vessel . Mr Smith said : ` They finished just in time . It was a huge panic and a rush , and they had to bring in a few guys to help from other yachts . It was just a sea of pink and silver . ' Two owners exchanged a Steinway grand piano , but it had to be dismantled and transported across Europe . The world 's toughest piano move ? When one owner -LRB- let 's call him Mr X -RRB- purchased a € 70million -LRB- £ 50million -RRB- superyacht it had a Steinway grand piano on board . But he was not a fan , so he gifted the beautiful piano to his friend -LRB- who we 'll call Mr Y -RRB- . The only problem was that Mr X 's yacht was in Spain and Mr Y 's was in Germany . Instead of waiting until the yachts were in the same port , a team from Steinway was brought in to dismantle the piano , package it and transport it across Europe to Mr Y 's yacht , where they put it together . The cost of dismantling and moving the piano was nearly the same as purchasing a new one . Cecil Wright arranged the installation of a squash court on a helipad that lowers with the press of a button . Squash at sea . Cecil Wright was responsible for installing the world 's first squash court on a superyacht . The full-size court was set up on a helipad that can be lowered with the press of a button when it 's not in use . It is a permanent fixture on the ship , and doubles as a helicopter hangar . New destination , new wardrobe . One couple hated travelling with luggage so much that they do n't bother anymore , and they get a new wardrobe delivered every time they embark on a new voyage . Mr Smith said : ` Whenever they arrive all their clothes from the previous time are removed and new clothes are added . ' In addition to the latest fashions , the couple travels with an entourage that includes a hair stylist , nail technician , a doctor and maid .