Mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old Jordan Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th Masters . For much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old Justin Rose and 45-year-old Ernie Els , as the Englishman and the South African posted scores of 67 to tie Charley Hoffman , an American representative of the rank and file . Last man out Jason Day would join them in the evening shadows . But by then Spieth had separated himself from the field to become the youngest first-round leader in Masters history with a fabulous run of six birdies in seven holes before adding a wonderful flourish at the 18th , where he brushed in a 25-foot birdie putt . Runner-up on his debut last year , he now owns a three-shot lead going into day two . Jordan Spieth sinks his birdie put on the 18th at Augusta to take a three-shot lead into the second round . Justin Rose made the early running with an impressive five-under-par 67 . Rose consoles Gunn Yang after the amateur finished his round on 13 over . Most of the favoured names left Augusta National feeling reasonably content , as Rory McIlroy and defending champion Bubba Watson shot 71 , while Dustin Johnson and Masters specialist Phil Mickelson opened with rounds of 70 . Whether they will be feeling quite so content at falling so far behind such an awesome talent as the brilliant Texan is another matter . Spieth has barely been off a leader-board all year and there was no chance of him being off this one during this round where he hit flagsticks , holed putts from everywhere and enjoyed the requisite amount of fortune as well as a wayward drive at the 13th bounced off the Georgia pines into the middle of the fairway . It meant when he stood on the par-five 15th tee he was eight under after a scarcely credible 10 single putts on these treacherous greens . At that moment anything seemed possible -- even a 62 , thereby setting a new standard for scoring in the 155-year history of majors . Only once all day did he act his age and it was here on this risk-reward par five , as he ran up a six . Naturally , Spieth was not about to get greedy . ` I made a mistake but a 64 , my first score in the sixties on this course , I have nothing to complain about , ' he said . A packed crowd watch Rose on the 10th green during the first round . Rose and Charley Hoffman -LRB- above -RRB- made the early running at Augusta with a 67 . South African Ernie Els rolled back the years with a superb 67 on Thursday . Rose in full bloom on day one is a sight as familiar as the glorious azaleas . In nine previous starts Rose has led on three occasions after the first round . Here he equalled his best Masters score , recorded on the opening day in 2004 . That year he went on to hold the 36-hole lead as well , while in 2007 he was lying tied second going into the final round , eventually finishing tied fifth . Add all those memories of good days here to the fact he 's now a proven major champion following his US Open triumph in 2013 , and there must be the hope this will prove rather more than an excellent opening gambit . Certainly that is how he is seeing it . ` I 've learned plenty from those previous occasions , like not getting ahead of yourself , ' he said . ` I 've learned that the hard way and now I ca n't see any reason why I should n't keep executing the gameplan . You 've got to believe in yourself , especially when you 're a major winner . ' Els used his ball-striking skills to get out of trouble on the 17th hole during the first round . Rory McIlroy appeared relaxed as he walked down the ninth fairway with Phil Mickelson , right , . McIlroy recovered from a shaky start to finish the first round on one-under-par . Rose was n't the only Englishman to prosper , as in-form Paul Casey shot 69 . ` I played with Paul last week and he strikes me as a man with something to prove , ' said Rose . After Greg Norman , Els might be the great hard-luck story when it comes to fabulous players who never quite got it done here . Given how good he was at 25 , he represents a cautionary tale for those who believe it inevitable McIlroy will win the Masters one day . Els is still trying , at 45 , and what a joy to see one of the great ball-strikers roll back a decade or two rather than the years to post his five-under score . A wonderful eagle three at the 15th was followed by a superlative sand save from a buried lie at the 17th . Only at the last was there a modicum of disappointment . Two putts and it would have been his lowest score in 71 rounds at Augusta . But he took three . McIlroy recovered from a nervously played front nine with some familiar Augusta failings resurfacing as he failed to birdie either par five . Two clunked chip shots at the third and sixth also betrayed a level of tension that illustrated fully the momentous nature of the achievement he is trying to complete in shooting for the career grand slam . American Jordan Spieth celebrates with his caddie Michael Greller on the 18th . Defending champion Bubba Watson struggled to find his rhythm in opening round . Tiger Woods feels the heat with the world No 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round . Woods reacts to a poor chip shot on the third hole as the pressure begins to tell . There were also two encouraging moments during that front nine , however , when he turned what would have been double bogeys in the past into mere bogeys . At the par-five second he drove into a hazard and was staring an ugly seven in the face for openers until he got down in two blows from 100 yards . At the sixth , his mis-hit chip came back down the steep slope but he did n't panic . He decided to take his putter for the second attempt and got down in two . The value of limiting the damage was emphasised further when he notched his first birdie of the day at the next . On the back nine , it was more like it from the 25-year-old . Over the front nine he had given up three shots on the par fives alone to playing partner Mickelson , but here he got the two birdies on offer at the 13th and the 15th . ` I left myself in some awkward spots but I holed some good putts on the back nine , ' he said . ` I was a little nervous on the front nine but mostly just too excited . It was a decent opener . ' The day as a whole was a lot better than that . One to savour , in fact .