George Osborne said he wanted to see half a million first time buyers get on the housing ladder every year . Half a million first time buyers will be helped onto the housing ladder every year by 2020 , George Osborne pledged today . The Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property ` revolution ' after years of declining home ownership . He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes . Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years . Mr Osborne said he wanted to reverse the ` steady ' decline in first-time buyers getting a home . He told Sky News : ` I 'm a great believer in a home-owning nation ; a home-owning democracy where families can get on the housing ladder . ` And the truth is that the number of first-time buyers has fallen steadily over recent years , and I want to reverse that , and I want to help families get on that housing ladder . ' David Cameron added : ` We have acted on every front , we 'll continue to do so . We have reformed the planning system so that we can build houses . ` We have help to buy , which has helped thousands of young people onto the housing ladder . ` With the help to buy ISA , a new scheme that will help people save for a deposit . ` So we 're building the homes , we 're helping young people , we are creating an economy with jobs , we want to see a doubling in the number of first-time buyers . I believe Britain should be a home-owning democracy , that 's the goal . ' It came after Mr Osborne told the Sunday Telegraph that he wanted a ` massive increase in the number of people who can own their own home ' . He said : ` Home ownership is an absolutely core Conservative belief and aspiration that we support . ` In the next parliament I would like to see over a million more people helped into home ownership by a Conservative government . ` I would like to see us double the number of first-time buyers up to half a million . That is the kind of level we saw in the 1980s . ` There is no reason why our country ca n't achieve that again . That 's a goal we set ourselves today . ' The Chancellor of the Exchequer was campaigning with the Tory candidate for Brentford and Isleworth , Mary Macleod , at the Wyevale Garden Centre in west London today . David Cameron last week made a general election campaign visit to a housing development for first time buyers . Labour 's Shadow housing minister Emma Reynolds said : ` More warm words on housing from the Chancellor will be cold comfort to the record number of young people and families priced out of home ownership over the past five years . ` Under this Tory-led government we 've seen the lowest levels of housebuilding in peacetime since the 1920s and home ownership has fallen to a 30-year low . ` Labour 's Better Plan will ensure Britain builds the homes working people need . ` Labour will get at least 200,000 homes built a year by 2020 , backed by a comprehensive plan - the first in a generation - and a £ 5bn Future Homes Fund to support the building of homes for first-time buyers . '