Actor Chris O'Dowd has lashed out at Gatwick Airport after his three-month-old son was frisked while passing through security . The Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff , who also threw out the child 's bottle , in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm . O'Dowd wrote : ` Thanks Gatwick security ! Some might think body-searching a baby and binning his bottle was over zealous and weird , but not me ! ' The incident occurred a day after Chris O'Dowd and his wife , Dawn O'Porter , attended an event in London . The 35-year-old actor posted the tweet on his verified Twitter account , which has 630,000 followers . The 35-year-old actor mocked the airport , in Crawley , West Sussex , even further by ending the tweet with the hashtag ` #ScaryBaby ' . He posted the tweet on his verified Twitter account , @BigBoyler , yesterday afternoon . It came a day after he and his 36-year-old wife , Dawn O'Porter , attended the LDNY show and WIE Award gala sponsored by Maserati at Goldsmith Hall in London . Gatwick Airport 's website says passengers are allowed to ` carry enough baby milk or baby food ' for their journey in their hand luggage , and advises travellers to pack the rest in their checked luggage . Bridesmaids star Chris O'Dowd expressed his frustration in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm . MailOnline Travel has contacted representatives for O'Dowd and Gatwick Airport for comment . After posting the tweet O'Dowd was flooded with messages of support from his 630,000 followers , including many parents who have had similar experiences while passing through airport security . One Twitter user wrote : ` At least they did n't make you drink his formula to prove it was n't explosive . Heathrow did that to me . ' Another user wrote : ` Just plain dumb . My 10-year-old nephew got to keep his bottle of water , why ca n't a baby keep its bottle ? ' Chris O'Dowd announced the birth of his son , Art , with an amusing Photoshopped picture on Twitter . O'Porter , a Guernsey-raised writer , clothing designer and television presenter who recently hosted the Channel 4 series This Old Thing , gave birth to the couple 's first child , Art , in late January . O'Dowd , who currently stars in the Sky 1 series Moone Boy , announced the birth with an amusing Photoshopped picture on his Twitter account . He achieved fame in the UK with roles in The Clinic and The IT Crowd , but shot to stardom in Hollywood thanks to his role as actress Kristen Wiig 's love interest in the 2011 comedy Bridesmaids . Chris O'Dowd and actress Kristen Wiig in a scene from the 2011 smash-hit comedy Bridesmaids . O'Porter grew to public recognition thanks to her quirky documentaries , but in recent years has focused on her passion for vintage clothing . Last October she launched her UK-based BOB by Dawn O'Porter collection . The couple married in June 2012 after meeting at O'Porter 's 30th birthday party and has been known to keep a low profile while spending most of their time in Los Angeles , where their son was born . Actress Alyssa Milano blasted Heathrow Airport after bottles of her breast milk were confiscated . O'Dowd is n't the first celebrity to encounter problems over baby milk or formula at a London airport this month . Earlier this month actress Alyssa Milano blasted Heathrow Airport on Twitter after bottles of her breast milk were confiscated by security . The 42-year-old actress landed in London when she was told she would not be permitted to leave the airport with the 10 ounces of milk she had just pumped on board her flight . Making matters worse , she wrote on Twitter that her ` hospital grade ' breast pump failed to arrive at the baggage claim .