At half-time , everything pointed to another humiliating English defeat in Dublin . Such was the control Leinster had been able to exert on Bath in an utterly one-sided first half punctuated only by a single piece of individual brilliance by fly-half George Ford , it was impossible to see a way back into the contest for the West Countrymen . Outmuscled at the breakdown , bullied in the scrum and laboured in the line-out , Bath were in danger of going down every bit as tamely as England had a month ago . Bath fly half George Ford ghosts past Leinster full-back Rob Kearney on his way to fine individual score at the Aviva Stadium . The England No 10 's solo-try was the only score that the West Country outfit managed to register in the first-half . By the end , remarkably , the three-time champions Leinster were hanging on for dear life as wave after wave of Bath attack threatened to deliver one of the great European comebacks . They fell short , but there was pride to be taken in this . Driven on by their pocket general Ford , Bath somehow came within a whisker of finding a way into the last four . Had it not been for a penalty conceded by replacement Matt Garvey with seconds on the clock , they may well have won . ` There 's a lot of disappointment , ' said Bath head coach Mike Ford . ` Certainly in the second half we are a lot better than the first . We 're so disappointed because we are a lot better than we showed today , especially in the first half . Ford is congratulated by Bath substitutes Sam Burgess -LRB- left -RRB- and Max Lahiff following his touchdown . Kearney is taken out in the air by Anthony Watson leading to the full-back being dispatched to the sin-bin for 10 minutes . ` But it does n't dent our belief in what we 're doing . It reinforces it . We lost the game in the first half but I believe that will make us stronger . I 'm proud of the boys , but we 'll be even more gutted when we watch the video . It comes down to small margins and I thought the penalty at the end was a dead-set penalty to us . ' He would say that , of course . But his sentiment was correct and Ford insisted his team will retain their determination to attack for the remainder of the Aviva Premiership season . Fly-half Ford was exceptional . Rarely making a false move , dragging his side along with some intelligent kicking , brave distribution and a sharp eye for the gap . His first-half try was a masterpiece of fly-half play as he took the ball flat to line , flashed a dummy and scooted through a non-existent gap before rounding full-back Rob Kearney to score . Bath lock Stuart Hooper crashes over for his side 's second try following another dazzling break from Ford . But despite his 21st-minute moment of brilliance , it looked for all the world as if Leinster would repeat Ireland 's Six Nations strangulation of England as Bath 's discipline failed under the pressure of Leinster 's superior set-piece and domination at the breakdown . That impression was compounded when Bath full-back Anthony Watson , one of four visiting players who only a month ago suffered Six Nations heartache on the same Aviva Stadium pitch , spent 10 minutes in the sin-bin for a reckless aerial challenge on Kearney . Referee Jerome Garces showed Watson a yellow card , despite the shameful pleas by three Leinster players for him to be shown red , and Leinster centre Ian Madigan kicked two more penalties in his absence to send his side in 15-5 up at half-time and seemingly in complete control . Ian Madigan was in imperious kicking form as the Leinster centre fired over six penalties . But Bath showed their mettle with a wonderful second-half revival . Despite their disappointment at failing to progress , Bath should take enormous confidence in knowing that with more precision they could , should even , have won this game . Their determination to put width on the ball and play at high tempo must be applauded , even if it has n't yet brought the silverware the huge investment in their squad will demand sooner rather than later . Leinster scrum half Isaac Boss fires out a pass during a frantic opening quarter in Dublin . The 22-year-old Ford was at the heart of everything they did while Watson proved razor-sharp every time he received the ball . With 47 minutes gone , and Leinster winger Fergus McFadden off the field with a concussion sustained in a tackle from Kyle Eastmond , Ford produced his second moment of magic . This time he stepped on the inside of Devin Toner , before turning on the after-burners and feeding inside to his second-row captain Stuart Hooper to crash over . Suddenly , Bath believed . Another Madigan penalty -- his sixth of the afternoon -- made it 18-12 to Leinster but Bath had the bit between their teeth . Watson fells the full force of Ben Teo'o 's tackle as Kyle Eastmond -LRB- left -RRB- moves in to support his team-mate . Bath flanker Carl Fearns eyes up Madigan in defence as Jimmy Gopperth -LRB- right -RRB- looks to make the hit . Watson made a scintillating break from deep within his half before feeding the ball to Ford who in turn flipped a pass to Horacio Agulla . Agonisingly , with the line beckoning , the winger dropped the ball and the chance was lost . It proved a critical moment in an absorbing game . Ford kicked another penalty to drag the score back to 18-15 with six minutes left but the visitors were unable to land the killer blow as Garvey was harshly penalised by Garces with seconds on the clock . Ultimately the first half had cost Ford 's men a crack at Toulon or Wasps in the semi-final . ` It was a pretty stressful last 15 minutes , ' Leinster director of rugby Matt O'Connor said . ` I was pretty relaxed before that but they came back really strong . Watson is dangerous from broken field and he cut us up a couple of times . They had threats all over the field . I was pretty relieved by the end . ' Leinster flanker Jordi Murphy rises high to claim a lineout as the Bath pack get ready to defend another attack . Bath 's players stand dejected on the Aviva Stadium pitch at the final whistle following their 18-15 defeat .