Arnold Schwarzenegger has unleashed a tirade against Indiana 's polarizing Religious Freedom Restoration Act , saying the new laws are ` distracting and divisive ' for the Republican Party . While the legislation has sparked a nationwide outcry , with many claiming it legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays and causing boycotts of the state , the actor and former California governor has a different take on the controversy . Writing an op-ed for The Washington Post , Schwarzenegger says he believes the defining problem is that Republicans are focusing on the wrong issues , in a move that will only hurt the GOP and further alienate voters . He wrote in the piece Friday : ` As an American , I 'm incredibly concerned about what happened in Indiana this week and the threat of similar laws being passed in other states . ' -LRB- But -RRB- as a Republican , I 'm furious . ' Blast : Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger became the latest celebrity to speak out against Indiana 's Religious Freedom Restoration Act , calling it a ` distracting ' law that only hurts the Republican Party . Schwarzenegger continued : ` I know plenty of Republicans who are sensible and driven to solve problems for America ... This message is n't for them ... It is for Republicans who choose the politics of division over policies that improve the lives of all of us . ` It is for Republicans who have decided to neglect the next generation of voters . It is for Republicans who are fighting for laws that fly in the face of equality and freedom . ` If we want our party to grow and last , we must be focused on real solutions to problems Americans are facing . ` But distracting , divisive laws like the one Indiana passed are n't just bad for the country , they 're also bad for our party . ` Polls show that laws like this are not supported by independents , women , minorities or Americans between 18 and 29 . Outcry : Protesters hold signs protesting Indiana 's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act , which has made the state the target of a boycott by businesses , local governments and individuals across the US . Angered : Demonstrators gather in Indianapolis to protest a controversial religious freedom bill recently signed by Indiana Governor Mike Pence during a rally last weekend . March : Thousands of opponents of Indiana Senate Bill 101 , the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , gather for a protest on the lawn of the Indiana State House on March 28 . ` If the Republican Party wants the next generation of voters to listen to our ideas and solutions to real problems , we must be an inclusive and open party , not a party of divisions . ` We must be the party of limited government , not the party that legislates love . ` We must be the party that stands for equality and against discrimination in any form . ' Schwarzenegger was the Governor of California between 2003 and 2011 . In 2008 he opposed California 's controversial Prop 8 in favor of LGBT rights . However the bill , which made gay marriage illegal in California , was still passed while he was governor . The Religious Freedom Restoration Act , brought in by Indiana Governor Mike Pence , with a near-identical bill brought in in Arkansas , were supposed to satisfy evangelicals by ` upholding religious freedom ' , but subsequently sparked boycotts of both states . The Republican governors of both states signed off Thursday on changes approved by the legislatures aimed at clarifying the intent behind the legislation . To a large extent , the measures were modeled after a federal law enacted in 1993 with broad bipartisan support . But critics of the new measures said they were designed with a different motive -- to shield businesses and individuals who do not want to serve gays and lesbians , such as florists or caterers who might be hired for a same-sex wedding .