The bodies of four people , including two young boys under the age of ten , were discovered in a Oklahoma home on Wednesday afternoon in what police suspect was a murder-suicide . The unidentified family - a 38-year-old mother , 42-year-old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds . Tulsa police said ` based on the physical evidence inside the house ' , they believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself and are not seeking a suspect . Scroll down for video . A family of four , including two boys under the age of ten , was found dead in a home in Tulsa , Oklahoma . Tulsa police captain Matt McCord said the bodies may have been in the house for ` as many as two days ' McCord said ` the physical evidence inside the house ' indicates the father killed his wife , sons and himself . Officers found a handgun near the man 's body , according to Tulsa World . Captain Matt McCord said the bodies may have been in the house ` as many as two days ' , based on when the four were last seen and a preliminary examination of phone records . Police found the bodies after the mother 's employer requested a welfare check because she had not shown up to work for two days . They do not have a motive for the slaying , but McCord said the scene was difficult to process . He said : ` It 's a tough deal for anybody to go through . ' Neighbors said they were surprised by what happened and said the area is safe . Tulsa police officers found a handgun near the dead body of the father and are not seeking other suspects . Vinicio Perez said he walks his dog down the same street in the Stone Creek Farms development . Perez said he would sometimes see two children playing and bouncing around in the front yard of the home where the bodies were found . Perez told the Associated Press : ` I 'm shocked . ` This place should be a place surrounded by security . ' Perez 's wife , Mercedes , said : ` I love this neighborhood . It 's very quiet here . ' Most every property in the neighborhood has a large fence , so kids can play or swim in privacy . Stephen Wiseman lived next door to the family for almost ten years . He said : They were wonderful , the most kind -LSB- and -RSB- gentle people you 'd ever meet . ` Our kids played with them all day on Saturday , and ... we saw the kids on Sunday . ' Another neighbor reported hearing noises at the house late on Monday .