Gran Canaria -- just off the coast of Africa , yet still in Europe -- is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for Britons . Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic , said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world , and draws up his list of things to see and do ... Golden opportunity : The glorious dunes at Maspalomas , and , above right , Santa Ana Cathedral in Las Palmas . 1 ... Style revolution . Is a design revolution brewing in the Canary Islands ? The Apollo hotel , built at the dawn of the tourism boom in the resort of Playa del Ingles , has been entirely revamped as the swish , sumptuous , adults-only Bohemia Suites & Spa . Rooms , looking over the rippling dunes of Maspalomas , include stylish touches such as an illuminated armchair by designer Philippe Starck on the balcony . Opened in 2012 , the Bohemia is an elegant retreat smack in the centre of a busy destination on Gran Canaria 's southern tip . It is one of only two places on the island included in Design Hotels ' global list of 260 independent properties . Each place reflects the ideas of a visionary hotelier , in this case German Rembert Euling . Golden wonder : The three-mile-long Las Canteras is a must-see for sun worshippers . 2 ... Sea Symphony . Gran Canaria is just four hours from the UK , making it one of the most easily reached locations for guaranteed winter sun . In 1996 a US academic concluded that it enjoyed the best climate in the world . At the end of Gran Canaria 's best beach -- the three-mile-long Las Canteras -- they set the seaside to music . The Alfredo Kraus Auditorium -LRB- named after the Canarian tenor -RRB- was built in the 1990s as a ` theatre of the ocean ' , set on a pedestal of volcanic stone . This is one of the most drum-rollingly impressive locations for any performance centre . See the Atlantic rise and fall through an enormous picture window behind the stage , while you watch distinguished visitors such as the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra , or the island 's own philharmonic orchestra and world stars at the Canaries Jazz Festival . Why not opt for the winding route through the mountains , and stop off at the old villages such as San Bartolome along the way . 3 ... Take the high road . There are two ways to cross 30-mile-long Gran Canaria : take the dull but fast coastal motorway , which runs along the eastern and southern fringe of this circular island , or follow the twisty , switchback route right through its 6,000ft-high heart . When the light is right , there is a dreamy vista of mountain upon mountain . The road passes towering ravines and an ancient volcanic crater , scattered with the ubiquitous cardon cactus . Centuries separate the crowded coastal resorts and old villages such as San Bartolome , with its cobbled streets , where the air is fresh and clean . On this island of so many paths , the finest of all is the Pilgrims Way , the Camino de Santiago . Unesco World Heritage Site Old Las Palma was a favourite of the likes of Columbus . 4 ... Plaza perfect . Old Las Palmas made a rare and long-lasting export to the New World -- its little central square , the Plaza Mayor de Santa Ana . With its neat arrangement of town hall , Santa Ana Cathedral , Episcopal Palace and other civic buildings all in one place , it was taken as the model for many of the main squares in Central and South American cities in the 16th and 17th Centuries . Today , old Las Palmas is recognised as a Unesco World Heritage Site for its role as an architectural staging post between the Old and New Worlds . Columbus called here three times on his journeys west . He is celebrated in the Old Town in the fine old Columbus Museum , Casa Museo de Colon , where he is thought to have stopped in 1492 . Visit Europe 's only coffee plantation , and also try the grown tropical fruit and vineyard . 5 ... Coffee break . In the shade of ancient pines in the Agaete Valley , under the Tamadaba mountains on the north of the island , they raise a rare crop . This is the world 's most northerly coffee plantation , and the only one in Europe . We visited La Finca de la Laja , where we were shown around the estate by the infectiously enthusiastic Victor Lugo Jorge , who was naturally keen to show us a photograph of Stephen Hawking on a recent visit . Receiving visitors , and serving a delicious lunch of home produce , is the latest stage in a busy diversification at this combined Arabica coffee plantation , tropical fruit farm -LRB- they raise guava , oranges , avocados and mangos -RRB- , vineyard , cheesemaker , and olive oil producer . Enjoy a colourful starter of papas arrugadas at Smile Cooking in Las Palmas . 6 ... Raising a smile . Papas arrugadas -- small wrinkled potatoes boiled in salt water and then baked , and topped with a red and green pepper mojo sauce -- is the brightest dish in the Canary Islands . It certainly made for a colourful starter on our visit to Smile Cooking in Las Palmas . At Smile , you can observe the chef at work , and try your hand at the dish in question if you choose , before settling back to enjoy a meal . One local star helping to raise the island 's culinary standards is Xavier Franquet , executive chef at the Bohemia Suites & Spa 's 360 ° Restaurant . Xavier worked at the famously innovative El Bulli restaurant in Spain , and offers a menu full of invention and daring . The restaurant , on the hotel 's eighth floor , is also open to non-residents . Gareth stayed as a guest of the Bohemia Suites & Spa -LRB- bohemia-grancanaria.com -RRB- . For details on Smile Cooking , visit sonriecocinando.com . For more information , see grancanaria.com .