An artist has carved out a unique genre for herself with her colourful portraits of celebrity bottoms . Spanish artist Catalina Viejo , 31 , who is based in New York , paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots rather than using glossy magazine images , and has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian , Katy Perry , Miley Cyrus , Rihanna and Beyoncé . In total she has completed 42 tiny pictures , which are the size of a postage stamp and do n't feature any faces , and cost around $ 90 -LRB- £ 60 -RRB- . Scroll down for video . Artist Catalina Viejo paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms , including Kim Kardashian 's , from candid paparazzi shots . Amber Rose is Catalina 's favourite portrait of the 42 miniatures , as hers was the biggest bottom on the smallest canvas . The bite-sized series is aptly titled ` A View of the End ' and is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn , New York . Catalina explained that she wanted to paint her celebrity subjects while they were relaxed or on holiday - not as they are seen in glamorous campaigns which have been polished and airbrushed . In keeping with this approach , Catalina named each work with just the celebrity 's first name , making each piece more personal . Miley Cyrus : In total , the 31-year-old artist has completed 42 miniature works , which cost up to $ 90 -LRB- £ 60 -RRB- each . Cameron Diaz : The bite-sized series is titled ` A View of the End ' and is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn , New York . Katy Perry : Catalina explains that she wanted to paint her celebrity subjects while they were relaxed or on holiday - not as they are seen in glamorous campaigns . As well as the current exhibit , 30 of the artist 's works are also available in a book under the same title . Speaking about the series , Catalina said : ` The fact these butts belong to celebrities increases the viewer 's curiosity . ` Partly because you feel as if you 're looking at intimate images of people you 're familiar with , but also because of the contradiction created in the context of celebrity . Britney Spears : Catalina named each work with just the celebrity 's first name , making each piece more personal . Penelope Cruz : As well as the current exhibit , 30 of the artist 's works are also available in a book under the same title . Gisele Bundchen with her baby : Speaking about the series , Catalina said , ` The fact these butts belong to celebrities increases the viewer 's curiosity . Partly because you feel as if you 're looking at intimate images of people you 're familiar with . ' Catalina added : ` The most powerful marketing tool a celebrity has is his or her public identity , and the face represents that identity . ` Even when we see a famous rear in a magazine , it 's accompanied by the celebrity 's face . ` My miniature paintings include no faces and some would be very difficult to recognise without the title forcing people to become their own paparazzi . ` People tell me they feel as though they are looking literally at the ` back of fame ' which is fun to think about . ` I enjoyed painting each one for different reasons , but I really liked painting Amber 's bum -LRB- one of the largest bums -RRB- at the smallest scale . The painting of her bum is the smallest in the exhibition , about the size of my thumbnail ! ' Rihanna : Catalina said ` My miniature paintings include no faces and some would be very difficult to recognise without the title forcing people to become their own paparazzi . ' Nicki Minaj : Catalina takes her paintbrush to the singer 's ample bottom , but changes the colour of her hair . Beyonce : Mrs Carter 's rear end gets an arty makeover .