Deborah Fuller has been banned from keeping animals after she dragged her dog behind her car , causing wounds as she drove at 30mph . A dog breeder and exhibitor who dragged her pet behind her car at a speed of 30mph and failed to get painful wounds to its paws and chest treated , has been banned from keeping animals and had her dogs confiscated . Deborah Fuller , 56 , dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car as she drove along the B1066 near Long Melford , Essex . The Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow . He is believed to have somehow escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along the single carriageway because his lead was attached to the vehicle 's tailgate . Fuller , of Lawford , Essex , denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets and failing to take steps to safely secure a dog within a vehicle , but was convicted following a hearing at Chelmsford Magistrates ' Court . Fuller has also been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated . Chairman of the bench Anthony Ealden said if Tango had been taken to the vet earlier ` unnecessary suffering ' could have been avoided . He said : ` We believe for whatever reason , known only to yourself , you had no intention of getting veterinary treatment as a matter of urgency . ` We do not accept your reason for delaying treatment as reasonable . ' The incident took place on June 11 , 2014 , when the dog was seen being dragged along the B1006 behind the car . Tree surgeons working nearby spotted what had happened and tried to get Fuller , who is a Rhodesian Ridgeback breeder and exhibitor , to stop her car . She did n't stop until she reached the end of the carriageway and they took her registration number and reported her to police who called the RSPCA , the court heard . Tango was later found by inspectors in an outbuilding at Fuller 's home with bandages on his paws . He was taken to a vet and given treatment for his injuries , which took eight weeks . Tango was left with considerable injuries to his paws and stomach , as well as a deep elbow wound . Tango , a Rhodesian ridgeback , pictured before being injured by being dragged along the road . Fuller claimed she had not been aware the rear hatch of her car had opened and claimed she had given the one-year-old dog first aid , and had already arranged for him to go to the vet when police turned up . Mike Fullerton , defending Fuller , said : ` When Deborah Fuller was being restrained she asked why she was not allowed to take the dog to the vet . ' RSPCA inspector Sam Garvey said after the sentencing : ` Eyewitnesses report they saw the dog being dragged about 400 metres at a speed of 30mph . ` This must have been horrific for poor Tango . So painful , and so distressing . ` It is hard to say what caused Tango to be dragged behind a moving car in this way , but by the time we found him , seven hours later , he was urgently in need of vet treatment . The animal was taken to the vets and treated for the burns , suffered when he was dragged along the road . Judges ruled that the dog 's suffering could have been avoided if Fuller had taken him to the vets earlier . ` He had injuries to the pads of all four feet , causing the black layer of skin to be removed . He also had grazing to his chest area and a nasty deep wound to his elbow and leg area . ` It took a period of eight weeks to heal the wounds and for his skin to grow back over his pads so he could walk without discomfort . ' Fuller was also ordered to pay £ 3,000 costs , given a 12 month community order and a two month curfew from 7 pm to 7 am . Tango was taken to a vet for treatment after being found and has made a full recovery in foster care . The court also allowed confiscation of all the animals owned by Fuller , which are currently in RSPCA care . Tango was removed from Fuller , along with more than 40 other dogs that were at her Essex home . Fuller and her partner Phil Sheldrake , 59 , previously pleaded guilty to 16 charges of causing unnecessary suffering and failing to meet the dogs ' needs at Colchester Magistrates Court in June . Earlier this month the case was thrown out after the High Court ruled that inspectors did have the correct warrant to seize 44 dogs from their Essex home . Tendring District Council had been granted a warrant to investigate ` nuisance ' at the house , following complaints about noise and dog faeces . The council joined forces with the RSPCA and seized 44 dogs from the house , with the animal welfare charity claiming several of the animals were emaciated . However the trial was halted when district judge Kenneth Sheraton said evidence gathered by inspectors was inadmissible because they did not have the correct warrant .