Green Party activists have been told to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion while knocking on doors in a bid to win over sceptical voters . A manual for the party 's supporters urges them to appear ` level headed ' and ` agreeable ' -- and even encourages them to compliment people 's homes . The advice , which has been distributed among Green campaigners in London , also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody £ 72 a week no matter how rich they are . Scroll down for video . A Green campaigning manual urges activists to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion - unlike the campaigners pictured with the party 's only MP Caroline Lucas at a fracking protest at Balcombe , West Sussex -LRB- above -RRB- . It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party 's manifesto commitments after its membership surged to more than 50,000 , outnumbering the Liberal Democrats and Ukip . But the party 's surge in support was hit by a series of disastrous media appearances from the party 's leader Natalie Bennett in which she struggled to explain her key policies . In February she suffered what she called a ` brain fade ' on LBC Radio when she forgot the details of her party 's key housing policies . Ms Bennett endured another tough interview yesterday - and was forced to defend her proposal to give every adult in Britain a guaranteed weekly income . She admitted the so-called ` citizens income ' -- which critics say would cost £ 280billion -- would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer . Ms Bennett also admitted that another Green pledge -- to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines -- was also a ` long-term aspiration ' . The party also supports leaving Nato and abandoning nuclear weapons . The Green manual for volunteers aims to ease voters ' concerns over the party 's radical platform . The Green Party 's surge in support has been hit by a series of disastrous media appearances from the party 's leader Natalie Bennett in which she struggled to explain her key policies . Written by the party 's candidate Alick Munro , who is standing in the London seat of Hayes and Harlington , the guide provides advice on responding to statements including ` You 'll cause economic disaster ' , ` A Green vote is a wasted vote , ' and ` You 'll leave us defenceless . ' In a section entitled ` presenting ourselves ' , the Green manual advises being ` open , friendly , confident , mainstream appearance , level headed , agreeable , ' the Telegraph reported today . ` Bring a notebook to note down successful contacts . Stand back three feet from people 's front doors so as not to appear threatening . ` Admire anything that you can reasonably admire . Take a friendly interest in people . ' Canvassers are encouraged to visit car boot sales , supermarkets and sporting events , with potential Green voters identified particular among the young , the ill and public sector workers . If voters ask why they should consider voting Green , members are encouraged to say : ` We want a healthy world where people can live meaningful lives . ` We all need clean air , health food , a healthy local economy , education that brings out the best in everybody -- we do n't want to waste our lives sitting in traffic jams , destroying the planet and hating each other . '