It was a fishing trip with a very big catch -- namely the £ 9 homemade rowing boat in which the two anglers ventured out on to the open sea . Built with discarded scraps from house conversions including loft insulation board and polystyrene , it was glued together with silicone sealant . Amazingly , the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish . But they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick , Essex , and they had to call 999 . The bungling fishermen who had to be rescued from their DIY boat , who have been named as Aaron Jones , right , and Jamie Toms , left . The DIY boat used by a pair of fisherman , who had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew . The men cobbled it together using insulation boards , scrap plywood , laminate flooring , coat hangers and silicone glue . The anglers had already taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue without any problems . They got the materials to build the boat for free and spent £ 9 on silicone glue to hold the boat together . A lifeboat crew arrived to find neither man wearing a lifejacket , and one unable to swim . Despite the experience , one of the men yesterday pledged to return to the water with another homemade boat . Jamie Toms , 27 , a self-employed builder , said : ` I 'm already thinking about doing it again but next time I 'll get a little engine instead of oars . ` The boat itself was solid -- it was waterproof . We took it out the day before and we were in it for two or three hours and it floated , no problem . The long and the short of it is that this time one of the oars snapped . They were proper oars but one snapped at the join so we were stranded with only one oar . ` I only called 999 as I was worried for my mate as he ca n't swim . He was panicking and shaking because it was cold , so I was more concerned for his safety than my own . ` If it was just me out there I would have tried to swim to shore . What 's the worst that could happen ? I would have drowned . ' The boat was put together by Mr Toms 's friend Aaron Jones , who scavenged 4in-thick insulation board , polystyrene and scrap wood . The DIY boat during its construction . The pair used scrap wood that they had found and spent just £ 9 buying silicone adhesive . As well as using scraps of wood , the pair also made a DIY anchor using a 15 metre rope and a lump of scrap iron . After rescuing the men , who were found without lifejackets the RNLI crew had to bring the boat to the shore . After the rescue , Clacton RNLI returned the fishing equipment to the pair before they destroyed the unseaworthy boat . One of the men , named as Jamie Toms , who had to be rescued . Coathanger wire was used to make the rowlocks , the rings on either side of the boat that provide the pivot for the oars . The only outlay was £ 9 on the sealant to glue and waterproof the craft . Mr Jones , who is also in his 20s , refused to comment yesterday . But Mr Toms added : ` We 're just two lads who were bored and wanted to make a boat -- why not ? It 's better than going out and doing drugs and committing crime . ` Obviously I said thanks to the lifeguards and sorry for being a bit of an idiot and going out with no safety gear . ` I was quite calm as I 'd already been in that situation before so I knew what to do . ` In about 2006 me and a few mates bought a rubber dinghy and got p ***** up as we wanted to see how far we could get out before needing to be rescued . ' The pair , from Jaywick , lost their anchor , made from scrap iron , in the rescue . But they did come home with a dogfish , two cod and three crabs . Joff Strutt , of Clacton RNLI , said the lifeboat crew had been stunned by the men 's stupidity . The boat was destroyed .