A cross-dressing Japanese television star 's robotic clone has made its ` unnervingly real ' on-screen debut - the first android to host its own show . Japanese engineers , who are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids , have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer Matsuko Deluxe into the limelight . The late-night television personality shared the stage with his ` Matsukoroid ' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night . Scroll down for video . Uncanny : The real Matsuko Deluxe -LRB- left -RRB- comes face-to-face with his android doppelganger Matsukoriod -LRB- right -RRB- . ` Unnervingly real ' : Transvestite TV star Matsuko Deluxe -LRB- left -RRB- shared the stage with his ` Matsukoroid ' doppelganger -LRB- right -RRB- on Saturday . Fake : Mr Matsuko 's robotic clone make is debut at the weekend and has been described as ` unnervingly real ' ` It 's unnervingly real , ' said one commentator of the programme Matsuko Matsuko , which premiered at the weekend . Mr Deluxe , who is popular in Japan for his frankness , said it was ` fascinating ' come face-to-face with his lookalike . ` I see myself as other people see me for the first time , and it was a significant moment , ' he added . Working with world-famous roboticist Hiroshi Ishiguro , Japan 's top advertising agency , Dentsu dreamed up the idea to clone an exact android copy of the rotund entertainer . A spokesman for the agency said : ` Artists and entertainers themselves are n't yet seen as content that can be combined with technology , but the Dentsu group believes the need to develop android entertainers will grow . ' Performing with natural movements , while voiced and controlled remotely by a voice impersonator , the robot was put through its paces in front of an incredulous audience for the first time on Nippon TV . For now , the Matsukoroid robot is controlled by an human operator . But with 600 stock ` Deluxe ' phases it can use in reply to voice and face recognition , it 's hoped the Matsukoroid will be free of its operator by the end of the series as it learns on the job . Ishiguro 's science lab used the latest silicon skin and state-of-the-art electronic actuators to achieve a lifelike look . Creating the android : Matsukoroid robot was developed at a cost of around £ 55,931 by the Japanese labs . Finishing touches : Japan 's top make-up artist was brought in to apply the finishing touches to Matsukoroid . Japan 's top make-up artist was brought in to finish the job of making the bot glamorous . Observers said the effect was realistic enough to go beyond the creepy . Mr Ishiguro said : ` Because of advances in robotics , difficulty in telling man and machine apart could soon become reality . ' Pepper is the first humanoid robot designed to live with humans . Looking slightly put out by his new , unpaid rival , the star - one of Japan 's most overworked entertainers - said he was looking forward to ` using the robot to take a few well deserved days off ' . Despite the jokes , the android could be part of trend that has a more sober side . According to research company Gartner , one in three jobs will be replaced by some kind of software , robot or smart machine by 2025 . Matsukoroid was developed at a cost of around £ 55,931 by the Japanese labs that already produced an autonomous experimental news-reader . The theory goes that as robots start to look more human , people will become more sympathetic towards them . But with many Japanese already predisposed to being sympathetic to robots , because of the friendly way they are portrayed in Japanese popular culture , Mr Deluxe said he noticed his fans were more inclined to approach his clone rather than himself . During the recording of Matsuko Matsuko , one young fan even declared his love for Mr Deluxe through the robot and planted a kiss on the bot 's thin , lipsticked-mouth during Saturday 's programme . Yuya Furukawa , the creative genius behind a raft of entertainment robots including the remarkable Pepper , wants to spearhead a robotics revolution for the consumer , where entertainment robots are just the start . Mr Deluxe , who is popular in Japan for his frankness , said : ` I see myself as other people see me for the first time , and it was a significant moment ' Ishiguro 's science lab used the latest silicon skin and state-of-the-art electronic actuators to achieve a lifelike look . Collaboration : World-famous roboticist Hiroshi Ishiguro -LRB- left -RRB- , worked with Japan 's top advertising agency , Dentsu . The advertising company recently launched the Dentsu Robot Promotion Centre to tackle the new business which it says will be a ` new industrial revolution , second only to the internet ' . Currently , the domestic robot market is worth about 900 billion yen -LRB- about £ 5billion -RRB- according to Japan 's trade ministry , which forecasts a 10-fold increase by 2035 . Dentsu also helped develop the first robot in space Kirobo -- a 13-inch tall humanoid robot - which it plans to adapt as another personal entertainment drone . It was announced earlier this year that from this summer , the world 's first hotel staffed by robots will be opened in Japan . Chillingly life-like robots are causing a storm in Japan -- where their creators are about to launch them as actresses , full-size mechanical copies for pop idol fans , and clones of the dearly departed . There is even talk that the naturalistic , even engaging she-droids may be taken up as men as partners in the not-too-distant future . Android Asuna was a star attraction at Tokyo Designers ' Week showcase last year and she is one of a series of geminoids , as their inventor dubs them , that are ripe for commercialisation says their creator - robotics professor Hiroshi Ishiguro . Chillingly life-like robots are causing a storm in Japan -- where their creators are about to launch them as actresses and full-size mechanical copies for pop idol fans . Android Asuna was a star attraction at Tokyo Designers ' Week showcase last year . She relies on a camera rigged behind her that is relayed to a remote human controller to give her life . Asuna is so convincing that many bowed respectfully before requesting politely to take her photo or join a selfie . Unable , for now , to use some of the advanced artificial intelligence -LRB- AI -RRB- , face and voice recognition systems that some Japanese robots coming on the market now use , Asuna relies on a camera rigged behind her that is relayed to a remote human controller to give her life . This so-called tele-presence enables Asuna to come alive , taking on the operator 's personality . A fully independent version of the geminoid is expected in 10 years using all the above technologies to make her virtually indistinguishable from humans says Takeshi Mita , CEO of A-Lab in Tokyo , the company working with Prof. Ishiguro to make Asuna and her kind commercial . Previous attempts by Prof. Ishiguro 's team had been dismissed as unconvincing and prone to what is known as the ` Uncanny Valley syndrome ' . This is a term coined by another Japanese professor of robotics , Masahiro Mori . It describes the response of revulsion and creepiness when faced with something that looks almost , but somehow not quite , human . As robots become as dexterous as Asuna at mimicking humanity , so the theory goes , the syndrome will erase itself . ` Androids for the sex industry are a definite possibly ' Already Asuna and other androids from A-lab have had a taste of the limelight , appearing on stage and voicing actors lines using tele-presence . A-lab also hopes to tap into another big business in Japan - the popularity of fantasy figurines that appeal to Japan 's legions of nerdy men or ` otaku ' . As A-lab is working with highly respected Prof. Ishiguro , Mr Mita says the company has ruled out producing androids that might be used for sex . But a spokesman working with Ishiguro 's lab says it is not a great leap of imagination to think similar robots , given the advancement in robotics and silicone skin technology , will be used for sex . ` Physical relations will be possible in general with such androids , ' said Takahashi Komiyama . ` Androids for the sex industry are a definite possibly . Some have even fallen in love with Ishiguro 's geminoids . So we ca n't rule those relationships out . '