A helicopter hero travelled 23,000 miles to find every chopper he had ever flown - only to find one had been converted into a posh camping facility . Jerry Grayson , who lives in Melbourne but is originally from Arundel , Sussex , set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he ever flew as part of Royal Navy rescue missions during the 1970s . The 59-year-old , who now designs aerial stunts for films , was once the youngest pilot to join the navy and was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the doomed Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979 . Former Royal Navy rescue pilot Jerry Grayson , who was involved in rescuing sailors during the Fastnet Yacht Rescue in 1979 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , has tracked down every aircraft he flew in during the 1970s . After travelling 23,000 miles , including from his home in Melbourne , Mr Grayson found that one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit - a popular style of camping for posh campers . The Wessex Mark 1 -LRB- pictured -RRB- now resides between a gypsy caravan and an old Routemaster bus in Blackberry Wood campsite near Ditchling , Sussex . During his mission , Mr Grayson found that most of the helicopters had been blown up in target practice or turned into museum pieces . But he discovered that one chopper , a Wessex Mark 1 , has been kitted out as a so-called ` glamping ' unit , accommodation for campers who want something more luxurious than a traditional tent . The Mark 1 , called Wessex XS 886 , now resides between a gypsy caravan and an old Routemaster bus in Blackberry Wood campsite near Ditchling , Sussex . Mr Grayson said : ` It 's bizarre that it 's now being used to sleep in . If I 'd fallen asleep in a Mark 1 35 years ago , it would have cost me my life . It did n't feel like three decades ago that I 'd last set foot inside . ` But when I looked at all the switches and dials I realised I ca n't remember how to start the thing . ' Mr Grayson 's journey took him all around the UK . He is pictured at the International Helicopter Museum in Weston-Super-Mare . He also tracked down another chopper at Gunsmoke Paintball in Hadleigh , near Ipswich - where it is used as part of the course . The tour also took him to another paintball site in Bawtry Fields , Doncaster , where he found another aircraft . The helicopter may be fitted with beds , curtains and cushioned seats . But , between 1977 and 1979 , Mr Grayson flew in the aircraft for six rescues out of his base in Cornwall . He said : ` We used to save people from the cliff sides . Things like children in dinghies being blow out to sea or surfers suffering with the bends . ` Once we rescued a woman who had injured herself after falling off the cliff near a theatre . The whole cast of A Midsummer Night 's Dream watched as we did it . ' Mr Grayson , who is writing a book about his experiences , pictured with the helicopter in which he learned to fly at the age of 17 . The former pilot at Whittington Barracks , Staffordshire -LRB- left -RRB- and Taskforce Paintball , Cowbridge , South Wales . One of two helicopters that Mr Grayson found at the Fleet Air Arm Museum in Yeovilton . Mr Grayson 's interest in retracing his old aircraft was piqued when he found a website , created by a former pilot , which spoke out previous experiences . The pair got in touch and began swapping stories . And as he dug deeper into the history of the helicopters , he decided to make one last visit to each one to see what had happened to them . His trip then took him from Melbourne to several parts of the UK , including London , Sussex , Doncaster , Cambridge , Ipswich , Yeovilton and Newport . He said : ` The natural cycle of life is that a helicopter first serves its time in a front line role and then gets allocated to a second line role such as training or SAR . He was awarded with Air Forces Cross by the Queen for outstanding gallantry in search and rescue . Pictured : Mr Grayson flying a helicopter , as smoke pours out . By the age of 25 , he had become the most decorated naval pilot in peacetime . Pictured : Mr Grayson flying a Wessex 1 from HMS Ark Royal during the height of the Cold War . Mr Grayson , pictured at the controls of a Wessex 5 , joined the Fleet Air Arm in 1972 aged 17 . It made him the youngest helicopter pilot to serve in the Royal Navy . ` It then serves one final useful role as a teaching tool for young engineers or for airport fire services . ` As most of these aircraft were built in the early 60s the only surprise was that out of the 31 Wessex helicopters I used for rescues there are still 12 in existence . ' Mr Grayson joined the Fleet Air Arm in 1972 aged 17 . It made him the youngest helicopter pilot to serve in the Royal Navy . By the age of 25 he had become the most decorated naval pilot in peacetime and was awarded with Air Forces Cross by the Queen for outstanding gallantry in search and rescue . As well as being a rescuer during Fastnet , Mr Grayson has previously gone head-to-head with Russian submarines and was entrusted with carrying the key for a nuclear weapon aged just 19 . He now designs shoots and aerial stunts for films , including Black Hawk Down . He is writing about his latest experience for his book ` Rescue Pilot : Cheating the Sea ' . Melbourne to London = 10,497 miles . London to Blackberry Wood Campsite , Ditchling , to London = 106 miles . London to HMS Sultan in Gosport to London = 168 miles . London to South Yorkshire Aviation Museum , Doncaster and Bawtrey Fields Paintball near Doncaster -LRB- 2 helicopters in total -RRB- to London = 342 miles . London to Imperial War Museum Duxford , Cambridge = 61 miles . Cambridge to Paintball Site at Hadleigh , near Ipswich to London = 136 miles . London to Whittington Barracks at Staffordshire Regiment Museum , Lichfield to London = 240 miles . London to Fleet Air Arm Museum , Yeovilton -LRB- 2 helicopters -RRB- to Newport = 200 miles . Newport to The International Helicopter Museum , Weston super Mare -LRB- 1 helicopter -RRB- to Newport = 100 miles . Newport to TaskForce Paint Ball , Cowbridge -LRB- 1 helicopter -RRB- to Cardiff for BBC Radio Wales interview , to London = 180 miles . London to Melbourne = 10,497 miles . Total = 22,529 miles .