Patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million GP appointments last year , shocking new figures have revealed . A study reported in the British Medical Journal found that 90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14 . The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week . The shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a & e visits , the researchers say . Lack of access : Patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million GP appointments last year . The figures , from the GP Patient Survey , also show that patients who report worse access to conventional GP appointments are more likely to use out-of-hours services . And surgeries where patients were able to see a GP within two week days had lower rates of a & e department visits . Other research has suggested that greater access to GP surgeries is linked with lower rates of emergency admissions for conditions such as heart failure and stroke . The figures come just a day after it was revealed one in five visits to A & e are unnecessary . a fifth of patients turning up in a & e have self-treatable conditions including sore throats , athlete 's foot and head lice , a study has claimed . researchers have calculated that more than 4 million visits a year are unnecessary -- costing the nhs £ 290 million . doctors have even reported patients showing up because they hurting hungover , their false nails were hurting or they had paint in their hair . the analysis of data from 15 a & e units by consultancy firm ims health found that 19 per cent of patients had what is called a ` self-treatable condition ' . the data covered one in ten a & e units across england , so if the trends are mirrored across the country , then an estimated 4.1 million of the 21.7 million visits last year were for minor ailments . The problem is largely caused by the fact that patients find it difficult to see a GP , particularly out of hours . Many go to a & e in the knowledge that they will at least be seen by a doctor that day , even if they have to wait four hours . Today 's piece , written by academics from Imperial College London and New York University , points out that more GPs are required if access is to be improved . But they add politicians ' promises of an extra 5,000 to 8,000 GPs are likely to be challenging to achieve . Effect : The situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a & e visits , the researchers say . The new figures come just a day after it was revealed a fifth of patients turning up to casualty have self-treatable conditions including sore throats , athlete 's foot and head lice . So despite election pledges by the Tories and Labour to improve access to GPs appointments , they argue these promises are unlikely to be achieved within a parliamentary term . The ` public should -LSB- therefore -RSB- question the promises of politicians ' , they said . The BMJ report said largest increase in GPs over a previous parliamentary term in the past 20 years was 5,414 GPs -LRB- from 2004/05 to 2008/09 -RRB- under Labour . But Labour 's previous pledge for all appointments within 48 hours was ` far from being achieved ' , it adds . Only 81 per cent of patients ended up able to see a GP within two weekdays in 2009/10 when the party was last in government . The researchers add there is also no firm proof that more patients getting to see their doctor will lead to fewer a & e attendances . David Cameron has promised patients will be able to access GP surgeries between 8 am and 8 pm seven days a week by 2020 if the Tories are re-elected . Ed Miliband has guaranteed appointments within 48 hours if Labour are voted in . But the piece said these pledges may prove unrealistic , adding that the evidence behind them has not been made clear - and the problem with access has not been precisely defined . Denial : The study authors say that despite election pledges by the Tories and Labour -LRB- David Cameron and Ed Miliband are pictured , left to right -RRB- to improve access to GPs appointments , these promises are unlikely to be achieved within a parliamentary term . ` The aims and rationale of the policies outlined by the Conservative and Labour parties do not seem explicit , ' the analysis said . ` One aim is undoubtedly to win election votes . But the aims for the NHS and for patients are less clear . ' The analysis suggests five points of action ` for policy and research if improvements in access are pursued ' . These are : . * Evaluating the extended opening hours pilot scheme carried out by the Tories . * Making general practice consultation data routinely available . * Looking at employing practice staff besides GPs . * Evaluating new types of appointment such as telephone consultations . * Considering alternatives to general practice such as pharmacist-led minor illness services . Lead author Thomas Cowling , of Imperial College London , said : ` Both parties have made bold promises about access to GP services , but the evidence behind their pledges is lacking . ` It 's important that policies like extended access are independently evaluated before being implemented more widely . ` The pledges on increases to the GP workforce are very ambitious and unlikely to be met within a parliamentary term . ' Instead , he recommended the NHS evaluates the use of new types of appointment that have been proposed to increase GP capacity , such as consultations and triage by phone or online . ` It should also consider other types of staff who could take on some of the work of GPs . '