Burnley manager Sean Dyche has dismissed speculation linking him with Derby . Recent reports claimed Dyche has been lined up as a possible successor to Steve McClaren , who is the bookmakers ' favourite to take over at Newcastle . Dyche says he remains committed to the task in hand at Turf Moor , though . Burnley manager Sean Dyche , aka The Ginger Mourinho , insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor . The Clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with Tottenham but remain fixed in the relegation zone . ` I think it 's quite obvious , I am enjoying the challenge here . I am not looking further afield , ' the Burnley boss said . ` I am enjoying the challenge here . ' Dyche has retained the support of the Burnley fans throughout the season even though the club are now second from bottom with just seven matches to go . Dyche has been tipped to replace former England manager Steve McClaren -LRB- right -RRB- at Derby . The same can not be said for the man who will be in the away dugout at Turf Moor this weekend , though . Some Arsenal fans called for Arsene Wenger 's head following a difficult start to the season . Dyche remains a big fan of the Gunners boss and can not comprehend why there were calls for the three-time Premier League winner to be sacked . ` They 're a fine side , who keep progressing despite what people say , ' said Dyche , who took Burnley up last year after finishing second in the Sky Bet Championship . The Burnley boss can not believe that some Gunners fans were calling for Arsene Wenger to be sacked . ` Arsene seems to get questioned , I do n't know why , I think the job he 's done is terrific . ` Of course , I 'm aware fans would like to have won more trophies in recent years but , as a young manager aspiring to progress in the game , I look at people like him thinking ` you have n't done badly if you have a career like his ' . ' Dyche hopes Matt Taylor -LRB- Achilles -RRB- , Ross Wallace -LRB- knee -RRB- and Steven Reid -LRB- calf -RRB- will be fit for the visit of the Gunners , who have won their last seven games in all competitions .