Newcastle United have upset supporters after dumping pictures of Sir Bobby Robson 's title-chasing team in a skip outside St James ' Park . Framed squad photographs of Sir Bobby alongside the likes of Alan Shearer , Gary Speed , Nobby Solano and Shay Given have been found discarded alongside grass cuttings , cardboard boxes and bin bags . The pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images . Framed photographs of Sir Bobby Robson 's title-chasing side were found thrown in a skip outside the stadium . The skip was situated outside St James ' Park where fans were able to spot the disgraceful move by the club . Steve Wraith , of NUFC Fans United , told the Chronicle : ` They could have auctioned them for charity , but just to put these things in the bin is awful . Now fans are talking about going and helping themselves . ` They are pictures of club legends . I do n't think the club want people to be reminded of a time when they were doing well because they are doing so badly at the moment . ' Robson 's team finished fourth in 2002 and qualified for the Champions League , where they memorably made it to the second group phase after a last-gasp victory in Feyenoord . Alan Shearer , Gary Speed and Nolberto Solano are some of the legends who are included in the photos . Sir Bobby , who passed away in 2009 , is still fondly remembered and has a statue outside of the stadium . In 2003 they topped the table for a period before finishing third , a return which has not been bettered in the years since . Meanwhile , a spokesperson for the club said the images were ` old and not being used anymore ' . But the ` AshleyOut.com ' group , who are behind Sunday 's planned boycott of Newcastle 's home match with Spurs , tweeted : ` Our proud history in the skip outside SJP along with ambition and hope ' . Newcastle fan David Crosier tweeted : ` As a metaphor for the club this could not be more apt . Classless . There is nothing left to support at NUFC under this regime ' . Former club captain Shearer -LRB- left -RRB- flourished under Sir Bobby and was instrumental in qualifying for Europe . Gary Speed -LRB- right -RRB- , who died in 2011 , was another player who loved playing for his former manager . Nolberto Solano -LRB- right -RRB- was a key figure in Newcastle 's title challenge and is also seen as a club legend . Newcastle , who lost to Liverpool on Monday , have never been the same since Sir Bobby left the club . John Carver worked under Robson during his time in charge and should no doubt be upset by this move .