Despite the continued rumours about his future at Manchester United , Radamel Falcao seems unperturbed . Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Old Trafford , and has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time . But the Colombian striker seemed to be coping better after the international break , enjoying an evening out in Alderley Edge on Thursday , before picking up his £ 100,000 Porsche Panamera from a Waitrose car park . Radamel Falcao gets into his £ 100,000 car after a meal in Alderley Edge with a friend on Thursday . The Manchester United striker will consider his Old Trafford future at the end of this season . Falcao scored a penalty against Kuwait on Monday , his third goal for his country in two games . Falcao has only scored four goals since signing for Manchester United but found his form again with three goals in two games for his country . The player has admitted he does not know whether he will be staying at Old Trafford next season , but claims he ` has faith ' that he can remain at the club if he gets the playing time to prove himself . ` I have faith about that and when the season finishes I am going to sit down and think about my future and what is the best for my career , ' he said after scoring against Kuwait on Monday . ` I think when I score it 's always important and that gives me confidence , ' he added . ` I said before , I need minutes , I need to play games in a row and here in the national team I have had the opportunity . I gave my best and I scored and I now return to Manchester with more confidence . Falcao has only scored four goals for United this season but managed three this for his country in two games . Falcao had admitted to being upset by his lack of game time at Old Trafford but wants to stay in England . ` We have the last eight games , I will give my best to have the chance to play as many minutes as possible . ` I have said before I need to play , I need minutes and I am confident about me , about my fitness . I am confident . ' Falcao 's former club River Plate are among those who have expressed an interest in signing the on-loan Monaco forward if he decides to leave . ` We dream of Falcao Garcia , ' said vice-president Matias Patanian . The doors are open . ' The Colombian -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates with his international team-mates during the 3-1 win over Kuwait . The striker 's former club , River Plate , said they would love to sign him again but it would be complicated .