A family overheard a terrifying message on their young son 's baby monitor after the device and its camera were hacked . When the Washington couple 's three-year-old had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night , his parents had put it down to their toddler 's over-active imagination , reported CBS New York . That was until one night when they heard a strange man 's voice come over the monitor to tell their son : ` Wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you . ' A couple heard the terrifying message : ` Wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you ' come through their 3-year-old son 's baby monitor -LRB- stock image -RRB- . And the horrified parents , who do not want to be named for fear the unknown man could track them down , believe it is not just the audio monitor that has been hacked . They believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device . After the first creepy message , the boy 's mother had walked into the room and overheard the hacker saying , ` Look someone 's coming ' or ` Someone 's coming into view . ' The mother said she broke down in tears after the realization hit home that a total stranger was able to control the camera to watch their son and spy on them . The stranger had managed to hack the baby monitor and the family says the hacker was even able to remotely control the camera on the monitor -LRB- stock image -RRB- . She told CBS New York : ` Well , I started to cry in there , because it all started coming back to me , and I started figuring things out . ' They reported the incident to Foscam , the company where they bought their monitor , who admitted it was possible the device 's cameras were being controlled remotely but they could not say from where . Technology experts have now warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family 's baby monitors as many of the newer devices connect to the internet . ` It 's basically like they 're standing next to you in your house , ' Lance Ulanoff , chief correspondent for the digital media website Mashable , CBS . He warned that parents should change the passwords on the devices to make it more difficult for people to guess . Because some new baby monitors connect to the internet and come with a smartphone app , it has become easier for hackers to infiltrate them and listen in or speak to children . ` If somebody else has your login information , they can go to that same app , and log into your webcam , which is what happened here , ' Ulanoff said . Earlier this month , another couple - this time from Rochester , Minnesota - discovered their baby monitors and cameras had been infiltrated after they found footage from the nanny cam posted online , according to Redbook . They first became suspicious after they heard music coming in from their baby 's room . ` We were sleeping in bed , and basically heard music coming from the nursery , but then when we went into the room the music turned off , ' she told KTTC . When she tracked down the IP address which was streaming the music , she found a web link to a page with thousands of pictures from baby monitors all over the world , including several from her own child 's nursery . ` There 's at least fifteen different countries listed and it 's not just nurseries -- it 's people 's living rooms , their bedrooms , their kitchens , ' she explained . ` Every place that people think is sacred and private in their home is being accessed . '