Real Madrid 's La Liga and Champions League chances have been dealt a major blow with confirmation that Luka Modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury . The Croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against Malaga on Saturday and tests on Sunday confirmed a sprained ligament in his right knee with a recovery time of between five and six weeks . The news comes as the club wait to assess the full extent of Gareth Bale 's calf injury , picked up in the same game . The connection between the former Tottenham pair is an essential part of Carlo Ancelotti 's side 's chances of picking up silverware this season . Former Tottenham midfielder Luka Modric is helped off the Bernabeu pitch by medical staff . Cristiano Ronaldo was the first Madrid player to go over to Gareth Bale , who picked up an injury on Saturday . Luka Modric hobbles off the Bernabeu pitch have sprained a ligament in his right knee on Saturday . Modric could still be back for the Champions League final but Real Madrid will have to get there without him . On Wednesday when they play the second leg of their quarter-final against Atletico Madrid , poised at 0-0 after the first 90 minutes , they will almost certainly also be without Bale . It 's one year on from his dramatic winner in the Copa del Rey final but Bale , who also scored in the Champions League final and the World Club Cup last year , is likely to be in a race to get back before the Champions League semi-finals on 5-6 May should Real reach them . Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu on Saturday evening . Real Madrid will have Karim Benzema back against Atletico so he will partner Crisitano Ronaldo up front with James Rodriguez , Toni Kroos and Isco plus whoever Ancelotti calls upon to replace Modric in a midfield four . German international Sami Khedira and former Real Sociedad player Asier Illaramendi are the options . Bale 's absence will be a massive blow for Ancelotti . He said in midweek : ` Bale was fantastic last season and has been very good this year . He scored goals in the finals last season and he will be important for us as this season reaches its climax . ' And most Real Madrid supporters see Modric as even more important to the team . The Croatian injured himself towards the end of last year and when he missed three months of football it coincided with the team 's worst run of form . The Welsh forward was forced off and faces a race to be fit for Real 's Champions League quarter-final . The Spanish press reacts to Real Madrid 's injury ` crisis ' having beaten Malaga 3-1 on Saturday . Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates after securing the 3-1 victory late on against Malaga on Saturday .