The Disney driving instructor who was killed in a Lamborghini crash Sunday tried to grab the wheel in a desperate attempt to prevent a collision , as investigators say the car may have been speeding in the wrong direction around the track . Tavon Watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $ 220,000 Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail , killing 35-year-old race track employee Gary Terry . Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that the guardrail damaged the Italian car on the east side of the passenger door . Desperate effort : Investigators say Disney driving instructor Gary Terry -LRB- left -RRB- grabbed for the wheel of an out-of-control Lamborghini operated by Trevor Watson -LRB- right -RRB- and counter-steer before the car crashed into a guardrail . ` Guess who 's driving a Ferrari 458 Italia LSTRF today ? ' : Watson uploaded this picture to Facebook in celebration of his birthday with this message : ` But really . I thankyou Lord for keeping in your presence long enough to endure another day that just so happens to be my birthday ' The FHP is now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite , clockwise direction of the guardrails , according to WESH-TV . Montes also said that evidence suggests Terry tried to grab the wheel and ` counter steer ' the out-of-control vehicle in the moments before the deadly wreck . Video from inside the red Lamborghini reportedly showed that the car spun three times before careening into the guardrail at 100mph , causing the vulnerable passenger door to cave in into Terry . ` We 're talking his whole body received the low , ' Montes noted to New York Daily News . Both Watson and Terry were wearing helmets and lap and shoulder belts . Father-of-one Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable . He has since been discharged . The day out at the track was a present from Watson 's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision . Drive : According to his LinkedIn Terry was the operations manager at the Richard Petty Driving Experience at Walt Disney World . Outdoors : Terry , 36 , originally hails from Michigan and brought his love of adventure to his new home in Kissimmee , Florida . ` Guess who 's driving a Ferrari 458 Italia LSTRF today ? ' wrote Watson . ` That 's right that 's right . I ma drive all the cars they have in one day . Because I 'm a gangsta like that . Lol . ' Later that afternoon , Watson crashed the Lamborghini Gallardo he was driving , killing Terry , a former race car driver who was the operations manager at the Richard Petty Driving Experience at Walt Disney World . Watson does n't face any traffic charges since the accident took place on a closed track , and there are no indications he was doing anything criminal , authorities said . ` It 's not the kid 's fault . It 's a freak thing that happened , ' said Timothy Horvath , a Terry family friend . As for Terry , ` if he thought he was in any danger , he would n't have done it . ' Horvath said working at the Disney attraction was Terry 's ` dream job . ' Terry grew up in a racing family in Michigan . His brother , Adam , was also a race car driver . Terry was married with a toddler-age daughter , said Horvath , who grew up with the Terry family and runs a graphics business in Michigan that specializes in motor sports . ` Gary was one of the best , ' Horvath said . ` He was a natural-born talent behind the wheel . ' Watson , a hotel bellhop , described himself on his LinkedIn page as self-motivated , professionally mannered , humble and ` a very quick learner . ' He told authorities he had been at the Exotic Driving Experience before . Father : Gary Terry is pictured here with his wife , Kathy and their daughter who appears to have celebrated her first birthday in May of last year . Tragic : Gary Terry , 36 , died and his driver was hospitalized after their Lamborghini crashed at Disney world . Investigators from the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration are looking into what happened . OSHA spokesman Lindsay Williams said the agency had n't previously investigated Petty Holdings , the company that operates the track . Driving days at the track start at $ 99 and can cost as much as $ 2,500 for a full race experience with in-car video . The track is operated by Petty Holdings which also has Exotic Driving Experience franchises at speedways in Atlanta , Dayton Beach , Charlotte , New Jersey and Texas . Named after the NASCAR legend , Richard Petty , the experience lets fans drive European supercars or NASCAR vehicles at close to their top speeds of 200mph around an oval . ` It 's kind of scary to think accidents do happen even though they are rides and there are precautions , ' said visitor Autumn Stevenson to WFTV . The Exotic Driving Experience attraction lets racing fans be drivers or passengers in luxurious cars such as Lamborghinis , Porsches or Ferraris . Package : Thrill seekers can pay up to $ 2,500 to experience a day driving an Italian supercar such as a Lamborghnin Gallardo -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . As part of the package , visitors are accompanied by a professional driver who sits in the passenger seat providing racing advice . It is believed that was what Terry was doing when he was killed in the Lamborghini . The racing track is just south of the iconic Magic Kingdom . ` We offer our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident , ' said Andrea Finger , spokesperson for Walt Disney World Resort . According tot he Orlando Sentinel , Petty Holdings LLC also offered its best wishes to the victims and their families . ` On behalf of everyone in the organization , it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident in Orlando . ' The Exotic Driving Experience , along with its sibling track , the Richard Petty Driving Experience , was slated to close this summer at Disney World for unrelated reasons .