A man finally freed satisfied a well-earned fast food craving by eating his first hamburger after being wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years . Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980 , and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him . In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project , which has been working to free Hanline since 1999 , he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl 's Jr asking for a hamburger ` they show on TV with the bacon on it ' . As he dug into his meal of a large Mile High Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a drink , it was a special moment for him . ` My oh my , that 's what meat tastes like huh ? ' he said after taking his first bite . ` The commercial does it justice . ' Scroll down for video . Michael Hanline , 69 , who was wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years , was dismissed of charges on Wednesday . On the day of his release last November , the moment he ate his first burger after being in prison for decades was captured on video -LRB- above Hanline tucking away into a bacon cheeseurger at a Carl 's Jr restaurant -RRB- . On Wednesday , after a GPS monitor was cut off , Hanline finally put on the boots -LRB- above -RRB- he last wore 36 years ago when he went to prison for a crime he did not commit . Following more than three decades after Hanline was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in California 's history was finally released last November . And earlier this week , a judge dismissed him of the charges . ` The whole thing was surreal for him when we got him out . It 's impossible for any of us to imagine what it 's like to spend 36 years in prison and then come out , ' Justin Brooks , director of California Innocence Project at California Western School of Law told Daily Mail Online . In the video showing his first moments of freedom , Hanline is seen on November 24 , 2014 walking with Brooks as he takes his first steps after leaving prison . ` Today is the day we are finally getting the first of the California 12 out of prison , ' Brooks says in the video . In the video posted on April 20 by California Innocence Project , Hanline is seen on the day of his release on November 24 , 2014 as he walks out to a cheering crowd . Holding his wife Sandy 's hand , the video shows him looking up into the sky and taking in a breath of fresh air as he leaves prison . While in the car he said : ` It 's just an incredible rush . It does n't seem I guess actually real yet ' Hanline is then greeted by a cheering crowd as he walks next to Brooks , and holding his wife 's hand , he walks out of the doors looking up at the sky . When asked what he is feeling in that moment , he is left speechless only able to shake his head in awe . ` You can see the look on his face when he looks up at the sky as a free man and it 's so overwhelming for him , ' Brooks told Daily Mail Online . ` My oh my oh my . It 's kind of hard . This feels like I 'm on the front of a rocket ship , ' Hanline says in the video as he rides in the backseat of a car . ` It 's just an incredible rush . It does n't seem I guess actually real yet . ' Brooks said Hanline had not seen much movement in 36 years so everything just seemed like it was moving at a 1,000 miles per hour while he was inside the car . ` It 's a sensory overload nobody could understand , ' Brooks told Daily Mail Online . ` I 've been doing this for 25 years and I 've walked 18 other people out of prison , and I still have no idea what that experience is like unless you 're in their head . Once he enters the Carl 's Jr restaurant , at the counter -LRB- above -RRB- he asks for ` a burger they show on TV with the bacon on it ' After taking his first bite -LRB- Hanline pictured above eating the cheeseburger -RRB- , he said ` that 's what meat tastes like huh ? ' Once inside of Carl 's Jr , Hanline takes a few moments stumbling to figure out what to order but then says he wants a burger that is ` seen in commercials ' before tucking into his meal . ` Inside of Carl 's Jr it was a beautiful moment and also a sad one , ' Brooks told Daily Mail Online . ` He looks at the menu and he has n't made choices in 36 years , being in prison took away his choice and he eats what he 's told to eat . ` You can see he 's sort of stunned by that whole process . I did n't know what to get him either because I 'm a vegetarian and it was my first time inside of Carl 's Jr , so I just told them to give him the biggest one . ' On Twitter , Carl 's Jr announced on Thursday they were giving him a year of free burgers . The company wrote : ` Michael , thank you for choosing Carl 's Jr. / Hardee 's . Hope you enjoyed it . Here 's a few more ' After learning of Hanline 's story , Carl 's Jr shared on Twitter they would be giving him a year of free burgers . ` Michael , thank you for choosing Carl 's Jr. / Hardee 's . Hope you enjoyed it . Here 's a few more , ' the company tweeted to CIP on Thursday evening with a pictured attached that said ` Free burgers for a year , Michael 2015 ' . Brooks said Hanline was really excited about the offer from Carl 's Jr. . After Hanline 's murder charges were formally dismissed on Wednesday , he appeared with a white beard and pony tail outside of court with his wife , Sandy , where he said he was hoping to return to a normal life . He also had a GPS monitor cut off allowing him to finally put on the boots he last wore 36 years ago when he went to prison for the crime he did not commit , according to CIP . ` All I want to do is go fishing and ride my bike and spend time with Sandy and do a little gardening , ' he said outside of court in California on Wednesday . ` Hopefully everything is going to be like it used to be . ' He added that he had been riding a motorcycle ever since his release and complained that California roads had gotten bumpier during his years behind bars . Following the judge dismissing him of charges on Wednesday -LRB- Hanline pictured left with his wife Sandy on April 22 and right on November 24 , 2014 -RRB- , he said he is looking forward to returning to a normal life . California Innocence Project wrote back to Carl 's Jr saying Hanline was thrilled to hear about the free burgers . ` Mike said it 's like being reborn everyday and that the world has changed so much in 36 years , ' Brooks told Daily Mail Online . After decades in prison , Hanline , who lives in Paso Robles , was also coming to terms with 21st century living and talked about ` Buck Rogers ' gadgets such as cellphones . ` Gas is n't 32 cents and a pack of cigarettes is n't 30 cents , ' he said . ` It 's a whole new ball game . ' Hanline was in his early thirties when he was charged with killing friend , Ventura resident J.T. McGarry in 1978 . He said he kept waiting for justice to prevail but had no idea that he would spent the next 36 years in prison . Testing showed new DNA evidence found at the crime scene did not come from Hanline or his alleged accomplice . In addition , prosecutors withheld evidence that should have been disclosed to Hanline 's legal team during the trial . Michael Hanline leaves court after his case was dismissed of charges in Ventura , California on Wednesday , April 22 . Hanline said all he wants to do now is go fishing , ride his motorcycle and spend time with his wife Sandy . Hanline 's conviction was overturned and he was freed from prison on November 24 after prosecutors told a judge doubts had been raised about the case . However , he had been required to wear a GPS ankle bracelet and had faced the possibility of a retrial . A Ventura County Superior Court judge dismissed the charges at the request of prosecutors , telling the courtroom it was done because the allegations ca n't be proven beyond a reasonable doubt . ` I 've been working on his case for 15 years and and when you spend all of that time with someone in prison and you get to walk them out , there 's no greater feeling , ' Brooks told Daily Mail Online . ` If a lawyer gets to have one of those experiences , they 're lucky and I 've gotten to have 18 . ' Prosecutors are still investigating who might have killed McGarry . ` When I first got arrested , I figured it might take a year or two to get this all straightened around but not 36 , ' Hanline said , including two years he spent in jail after his arrest but before his conviction . He added : ` I never believed I 'd spend the rest of my life in prison , but man , 36 years is a long , long time . '