The head of the Drug Enforcement Administration , Michele Leonhart , is expected to resign soon , an Obama administration official said Tuesday . Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job . She has faced mounting pressure from Congress , where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes . DEA head Michele Leonhart , is expected to resign soon , an Obama administration official said Tuesday , as she faces mounting criticism from Congress that she 's been unable to change the agency 's culture . Leonhart was widely criticized for her response to the report and a group of lawmakers said in a statement that she was ` woefully unable to change ' the agency 's culture . The official spoke on condition of anonymity because a formal announcement had not yet been made . Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart 's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week . A majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she ` lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions required to hold those accountable who compromise national security and bring disgrace to their positions . ' The Justice Department report that jeopardized Leonhart 's job recounted allegations that drug agents attended sex parties with prostitutes , some funded by local drug cartels , in a foreign country . The DEA said the incidents happened in Colombia . Several Congressional members have criticized Leonhart 's competence in the wake of a government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes . The no-confidence statement was signed by 13 House Democrats and nine Republicans , including Chairman Jason Chaffetz of Utah and the committee 's top Democrat . Chaffetz went a step further , calling for Leonhart to resign or be fired . Last week , the White House voiced concerns about the Justice Department report . In a daily press briefing Tuesday , White House spokesman Josh Earnest would n't comment on reports that Leonhart was set to leave the agency and instead reiterated that the Obama administration had ` concerns about the material that was presented in the -LRB- inspector general -RRB- report that raised legitimate and serious questions about the conduct of some DEA officers . ` The president , as you know , maintains a very high standard for anybody who serves in his administration , particularly when it comes to law enforcement officials . And the I.G. report raised serious concerns about that conduct , ' Earnest said . Leonhart has previously been the target of online petitions calling for her ouster after she distanced herself from the administration 's stance on legalized marijuana , seen as a hands-off approach that lets states legalize marijuana so long as it is state regulated . In an email sent to employees last Friday , Leonhart lamented agent 's ` disgraceful conduct ' Marijuana remains illegal under federal law and is classified by the DEA as a Schedule 1 drug , along with drugs such as heroin and peyote . Leonhart also declined to fully endorse sentencing reform efforts supported by the Justice Department . CNN reports that Leonart sent an email to employees last Friday lamenting the recent scandals . ` This has been a very difficult week for DEA , with members of Congress and the media asking tough questions and sharing our outrage about the disgraceful conduct of a few individuals several years ago . ' she wrote . ` This employee misconduct has upset me for many reasons , but especially because it calls into question the incredible reputation DEA has built over more than 40 years . ' She ended the email thanking employees ` for your continued expressions of trust and confidence as we navigate through these rough waters . I know you will remain focused on our mission and the commitment to excellence that is the hallmark of who we are , and what we will always be at DEA . '