This is the moment a man who refused to comply with security staff at a Toronto Airport was Tasered and brought to the ground . The man , believed to be mentally disturbed , was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol . Police in Canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway . In the video , the man mumbles and stares ahead while the laser-guided sight of a police Taser is clearly visible on his T-shirt . While most sound is muffles a loud cry of pain can clearly be heard when the man is Tasered . He stands for a number of seconds , shaking visibly , before he is brought to the ground by police at the scene . He was carrying a black briefcase which he can clearly be seen holding on to tightly with both hands when he was hit . The man would not respond to officials ' attempts to talk to him , CBC News reported . The video , which was captured by bystander , appears to show the man mumbling and staring ahead , the laser guided sight of a police Taser is clearly visible on his white T-shirt . Most sound from the incident seems to be muffled because it is filmed from behind a glass window . However a loud cry can clearly be heard the moment the man is Tasered . He stands , visibly shaking , for a number of seconds before police help to the ground . The man , who has not been identified , is then handcuffed as onlookers are asked to move on by airport staff . He was carrying a black briefcase and can clearly be seen holding on to it when he was hit by the Taser . The man , who has not been identified , is then handcuffed as onlookers are asked to move on by airport staff . A spokesman for Peel Regional Police , George Tudos , was quoted as saying the man was believed to be in his 20s and had not sustained any serious injuries . He explained non-lethal force was used after the man did not communicate . The safety of the man himself as well as the officers was taken into consideration , Tudos said . Also taken into account was what the man was capable of , what he might have in his possession and what his intentions were , the spokesman said . The man was transferred to a nearby hospital after being detained under Canada 's Mental Health Act . It is not clear whether authorities will be seeking criminal charges against him . It is not clear whether authorities will be seeking criminal charges against him after the passenger was detained under Canada 's Mental Health Act .