A former Florida State University student has filed a lawsuit against top NFL prospect Jameis Winston , claiming he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012 . The lawsuit by Erica Kinsman , which seeks damages from the former Seminoles quarterback , was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft . Winston could be selected as the first overall pick . Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year . The hearing was held to determine whether Winston violated four sections of the code of conduct - two for sexual misconduct and two for endangerment . Scroll down for video . Former Florida State University student Erica Kinsman filed a civil lawsuit against top NFL prospect Jameis Winston , saying he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012 . Former FSU quarterback and Heisman winner Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . But John Clune , a lawyer for Kinsman , said in a statement there are consequences for Winston 's behavior ` and since others have refused to hold him accountable , our client will . ' ` Erica hopes to show other survivors the strength and empowerment that can come from refusing to stay silent no matter what forces are against you , ' Clune said . December 7 , 2012 - Erica Kinsman files a police report claiming she was raped , though she can not identify the attacker . January 10 , 2013 - She tells Tallahassee police she recognizes Winston as the assailant in a class and hears a professor call his name . November 13 , 2013 - Prosecutor Willie Meggs is notified of the allegations and pushes police on an investigation , during which key witnesses are interviewed and evidence is sought . November 2013 - Kinsman drops out of FSU , later claiming she received death threats for claiming she was raped by Winston . December 5 , 2013 - Meggs decides against pursuing criminal charges , saying that evidence is insufficient . December 14 , 2013 - Winston wins the Heisman Trophy , becoming the youngest player , at 19 , to do so . January 6 , 2014 - Winston and the Seminoles win the BCS championship against Auburn . December 21 , 2014 - FSU clears Winston of any code of conduct violations after hearing presided over by retired Florida Supreme Court Justice Major Harding . He added : ` Jameis Winston in contrast has proven time and time again to be an entitled athlete who believes he can take what he wants . ` He took something here that he was not entitled to and he hurt someone . Kinsman told her alleged sexual assault story publicly in a documentary titled The Hunting Ground , which casts a critical eye on the role that fraternities , athletic departments and schools play in rape investigations on campus . Kinsman fights tears as she details her account of the December 2012 night , when as a freshman , she remembers running into a man at a Tallahassee Potbelly 's , according to the Daily Beast . She says someone was creepily following her around the bar throughout the night and only stopped when a second man put his arm around her and told the pursuer he was her boyfriend . Kinsman claims that man then bought her a shot , after which she began to feel dizzy , although she faintly recalls taking a cab to an apartment . She says the next thing she remembers is coming to while the man on top of her , penetrating her , and claims that she asked him to stop . The man allegedly ignored both her and his roommate , who Kinsman says entered the room , when they told him to stop . He then took her into the bathroom , Kinsman said . There , she says , he raped her while he held her head against the tiles , and when he was finished told her , ` You can leave now . ' Not knowing where the apartment was , Kinsman says she took an offer for a ride on the man 's scooter back to a location she recognized , fearing what would happen if he knew where she lived . Kinsman 's lawsuit , which goes into detail about the 2012 incident , accuses Winston of rape , assault , false imprisonment and emotional distress . Winston has avoided criminal charges , and a Florida State University conduct code hearing found there was not enough evidence to determine whether he was guilty . According to a New York Times investigation of the ensuing police investigation , Kinsman reported the assault in the early morning immediately after it happened , but did not identify the assailant . Tallahassee Police Officer Scott Angulo wrote he ` had no real leads ' until Kinsman contacted police a month later , saying she saw the man in class and heard his name called , identifying him as Winston . The lawsuit , which goes into detail about the 2012 incident , accuses Winston of rape , assault , false imprisonment and emotional distress . Because the burden of proof is much lower in a civil lawsuit than in a criminal case , Kinsman could have a better chance of winning a jury verdict if it goes to trial . David S. Weinstein , a former federal prosecutor now in private practice in Miami , said in a civil case the standard amounts to the ` greater weight ' of the evidence , or ` merely tipping the scales in favor of the plaintiff . ' In a criminal case , prosecutors must prove a person 's guilty beyond a reasonable doubt , meaning jurors must be entirely convinced of guilt . Kinsman dropped out of FSU after the incident , later claiming she received death threats for claiming she was raped by Winston . A month after prosecutors decided there was not enough evidence to pursue criminal charges , Winston led the Seminoles to a comeback victory against Auburn in the BCS title game . ` The scales have to be tipped all the way over to the side of the prosecution , ' said Weinstein , who is not involved in the case . Weinstein also said that he thought Kinsman 's chances of prevailing were good , based on the detailed allegations and multiple witness statements in the lawsuit . But that does n't mean it will be easy . ` The defense will drag her character through the mud , so this is going to be an unpleasant process for her , ' he said . ` However , Winston has a lot to lose , so I foresee a settlement and not a trial . ' Kinsman has also filed a lawsuit against FSU 's trustees , asserting that university officials had knowledge of her alleged sexual harassment and discrimination by the star quarterback and this created a hostile educational environment for her . The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages , including reimbursement for tuition , damages for emotional pain and suffering and loss of past and present earning and earning capacity . Lawyers for the university 's board of trustees contend the lawsuit should be dismissed because it does not show that FSU was responsible for her harassment , but they also maintain that they offered her assistance . Kinsman 's story was featured in the documentary film The Hunting Ground , which is an expose on the way fraternities , athletic departments and universities affect rape investigations .