Kim Richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at The Beverly Hills Hotel . The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28 , her first for a national audience since the arrest . Among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism . About her April 16 arrest , Richards reveals , ` I was angry and frightened and I was scared . I knew what I had done . The whole night is my fault . None of this would have happened if I did n't drink . ' Richards - who has been to rehab three times - was charged with with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel last week . Sat with Dr. Phil : Kim Richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at The Beverly Hills Hotel . Contradicting reports : Some sources involved in production of Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills say that Kim Richard 's protestations that she was sober last season were laughable - while others say she was doing better than ever . Currently , Kim is scheduled to appear at the Los Angeles Superior Court on May 10 following her April 16 incident at the Polo Lounge where she 'cause d a disturbance at the hotel restaurant and was taken into custody at the Beverly Hills Police Department . ' According to the Richards family friend , Kim 's drunk actions were brought on after watching the three-part reunion for the seventh season , which left her ` distraught ' and ` very embarrassed . ' But that was n't the only cause . Kim 's ex-husband Monty Brinson - who is battling Stage IV cancer - continues to lean on her for support , which fans were able to watch on the recent RHOBH season . ` A big part of all of this is that she is just stressed out , ' the pal explained . ` She is under a lot of pressure , especially because of Monty . While Kim Richards staunchly defended herself during the last season of Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills - maintaining that she no longer struggles with substance abuse - reports from the cast and crew tell a different story . Several sources involved in production told TMZ that Kim 's recent protestations that she was sober were laughable . And while veteran cast members Kyle Richards , Lisa Vanderpump and Yolanda Foster learned to look the other way to avoid drama , Lisa Rinna and Eileen Davidson were the ones to confront the star . Insiders say that the 50-year-old would never drink where people could see her , sometimes drinking in the bathroom and emerging drunk . However , other sources from the show say that Kim was doing a better job than ever of keeping her addiction under control . Interestingly , Brandi Glanville - who was one of Kim 's closest friends during season five - sided with both camps , depending on who you talked to . They knew better : Veteran cast members such as Kim 's sister Kyle , Yolanda Foster and Lisa Vanderpump all chose to look away during the last season to avoid confrontation . Speaking out : Eileen Davidson -LRB- third left -RRB- and Lisa Rinna -LRB- second from right -RRB- were the two who chose to confront Kim about her issues during season five . One crew member revealed that Kim 's sobriety was called into question several months ago after the incident where the mother-of-four 's dog bit her sister Kyle 's daughter Alexia . When a dog trainer was sent to her house to assess the situation Kim was reportedly such a mess he had to help put her to bed . Kim was arrested on Thursday morning after a drunken altercation at The Beverly Hills Hotel where she had to be dragged out of a bathroom after refusing to leave the premises . She was taken to jail and cited with trespass , battery on a police officer , resisting arrest and drunk in public . Meanwhile , it has been reported that the former child star may be booted off the Bravo show as producers feel she has become a liability due to her issues with substance abuse . Playing both sides : Insiders say that Brandi Glanville -LRB- centre -RRB- - who was one of Kim 's closest plas during the last season - sides with both camps . Confirmed : Details of Kim 's arrest were revealed in a statement from the Beverly Hills police department . Since she first appeared on the hit reality show in 2010 , her sobriety has been her major storyline , with her recent relapse as the driving force between Kim and Kyle 's distant relationship . TMZ alleges that Bravo are concerned that due to the nature of the show , they could be held accountable if something was to happen to Kim . There have been no permanent decisions made however , according to the gossip site . The next season of RHOBH has a few months before production picks up again so the final decision has yet to be concrete . Distressed : The mother-of-four reportedly started drinking after watching all three RHOBH reunion shows on Wednesday night .