A mother says she must quit her job after her daughter was refused a place at a junior school 150 yards from their front door - and sent to one more than two miles away instead . Seven-year-old Charlotte Briggs was told she can not attend Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield even though she can see it from her bedroom window . Her mother Lynne , 49 , who has two other children , claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job . Unhappy : Charlotte Briggs , seven , was refused a place at a school 150 yards from her home and offered one two miles away , so her mother Lynne , pictured together , must quit her job to ensure she gets there and back . Decision : The schoolgirl leaves across the street from her preferred school but instead will have to head to Shooters Grove Primary , which is around two miles away . Mrs Briggs had believed Broomhill Infants School in Sheffield , where Charlotte is a student , was a feeder school to Lydgate Junior , so only put one school on Charlotte 's admission form . The mother - who works in IT for Sheffield City Council and is married to financial planner Simon , 55 , - also believed the short distance from her home to the school would also be a deciding factor . But the council said the school Charlotte attends has never been a feeder school and advised parents to always submit three preferences when applying . Charlotte is in the catchment area but the school is oversubscribed , so children who also live in the area but go to the correct feeder school were given a place above her . Mrs Briggs is now planning to appeal the decision made by the authority after Charlotte was given a spot at Shooters Grove Primary - more than two miles away . She said : ` I know that lots of parents are in similar positions but what is different here is that not only are we in catchment , we live about as close to the school as possible . Rejected : Charlotte Briggs was refused a place at Lydgate Junior School -LRB- above -RRB- in Sheffield , even though she can see it from her bedroom window . ` Parents park outside our house when dropping their children off at Lydgate Juniors . ` The council uses an `` as the crow flies '' criteria for working out who lives nearer in the event of over subscription within catchment and if I look out of my landing window , all that stands between us and the school are the Kings Court OAP flats and a couple of houses . ` I 've been told Broomhill is no longer a feeder school and all the places have been allocated at other infant schools . ` I have looked at bus timetables . I would n't be able to drop Charlotte off at school and get into town for work . It would take an hour and five minutes each way twice a day . I simply would n't be able to do it . ' Jayne Ludlam , the council 's executive director of children , young people and families said : ` We do understand that it is difficult if a child can not be offered a place at their preferred school . ` We always encourage parents to submit three preferences in case their first preference can not be accommodated . Alternative : The seven-year-old was instead offered a place at Shooters Grove - more than two miles away . ` Broomhill Infant School is not and has never been a linked feeder school to Lydgate Junior School and a member of the Admissions Team attended Broomhill in October 2014 to offer help and advice to parents before applying . ` If only one preference is submitted and can not be accommodated , a place may have to be offered at the nearest school with available places . This may be a school outside the catchment area , if no other preferences were requested . ` If a family has specific reasons for seeking a place at an oversubscribed school they can submit an appeal to the independent appeals panel , which will convene in June and July . ' Mrs Briggs said she has contacted her local prospective parliamentary candidates in Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg 's constituency of Sheffield Hallam - but has yet to receive a reply . She added : ` The school she has been allocated is down into one valley and down the other side . It 's ridiculous . If we were to go by bus it would be a bus into town and then another one out . ` It would take an hour and five minutes to get to school . We are appealing the decision but we wo n't find out until July what the outcome is , which is very late for us to plan and buy uniforms . '