German legend Franz Beckenbauer has accused Bayern Munich stars of playing as if they had taken ` sleeping pills ' in their midweek defeat by Porto . The Bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes before losing 3-1 to the Portuguese in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday . Der Kaiser may be a brand ambassador for the club but he could n't hide his feelings after the game , when he criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing ` ski boots ' before turning on the entire team . Franz Beckenbauer was speaking in New York as part of Bayern Munich 's media agreement with MSN . New York Cosmos legends Beckenbauer and Pele pose together after launching the team 's spring season . Ricardo Quaresma scored the opening goal from the spot in Porto 's 3-1 defeat of the Germans . Beckenbauer accused Brazilian defender Dante -LRB- left -RRB- of playing as if he were wearing ` ski boots ' Speaking to reporters in New York to mark the club 's new media agreement with MSN , Beckenbauer said : ` It was one of those days , all the players did n't show their real performance . ` After 10 minutes you are 2-0 down in the quarter-final in the Champions League , so many mistakes . I never saw this before . I thought they took sleeping pills ! Porto were much faster , real power . It made me angry . Quaresma celebrates with Porto team-mates after netting his second goal inside the first 10minutes . Bayern Munich head coach Pep Guardiola goes crazy at his team 's performance . Bayern players trudge off after defeat knowing they will have to vastly improve to reach the semi-finals . ` If they played like that again , no chance -LSB- they can go through -RSB- . But they can win 2-0 or go to extra-time . They have a chance . Last year we had the same problem , playing excellent in the Bundesliga and then we had two bad days and were out of the competition . ' The 69-year-old did attempt to play down his comments over Dante 's performance , he said : ` At half-time , I have to give a comment and that was my reaction . And I 'm sorry to give him the ski boots ... but he 's Brazilian , and Brazilian to me means for me , technique and Pele and ... Brazil . But not this . ' ` If you want to win the Champions League you need a strong league with a lot of players . Internationally , Bayern Munich belongs to the top teams but to win the Champions League ... you saw the game probably two days ago , we are far , far away . With this performance , you do n't win anything , ' he added .