This is the ` disgusting ' meal that was served to an 81-year-old woman living in sheltered housing . Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn , Newport for around eight months . The elderly woman 's son , Steve , visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals . But after finding the ` terrible ' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother 's room , Mr Ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care . This is the ` disgusting ' serving of baked potato and corned beef served to an 81-year-old woman living in sheltered housing . Another meal Mr Ashton and his mother were unhappy with was a lasagne that was ` full of oil ' , he said . ` This was never to pick holes in the quality of care that they 're giving , it was just about the terrible food being served to the elderly people , ' Mr Ashton said . Mr Ashton took action when his mother said the meal looked so unappetising she did not want to eat it . ` I pulled that out of the fridge and it was just disgusting . It 's difficult to mess up a jacket potato and corned beef but there we have it - they did it . ' When Mr Ashton complained to Newport City Homes which is in charge of residents ' care but says he was told : ` That 's what your mother ordered . ' ` She might have ordered it because there was a lack of choice - but then it comes out and the corned beef looks dry and the jacket potato looks disgusting , ' he added . Other substandard meals to have been served include a lasagne ` full of oil ' , Mr Ashton said . Residents at Aneurin Bevan Court pay £ 42 a week for food . For that they are given two course-meals six days a week and and three-course meals on Sundays . Steve Ashton is now campaigning for changes to be made to ensure better food standards . His mother Joan , 81 , lives alone in the sheltered housing complex . But Mr Ashton is campaigning for more to be done to ensure standards are improved . He has already met with Newport City Homes to discuss possible changes . ` I am glad they have taken this seriously but initially they did n't seem to think there was a massive problem at the residence with regards to the food . ' If you wish to share photographs or a story about food in sheltered housing which you think was under-par , email jennifer.smith@mailonline.co.uk or phone 02036150193 . Mr Ashton caught their attention after sharing the photograph of the meal on Facebook . It was shared 129,000 times under the caption : ` It is my mission to get the food at this place changed and to get them serving high-quality food and meets the needs of all residents -LRB- sic -RRB- . ` I also want to raise awareness as a lot of elderly people may be hiding the fact that they are not getting a healthy meal every day . ` I want to reach the right people and I want this slop to never be served to anyone again . ' A spokesman for Newport City Homes said : ` Following concerns raised regarding catering services at Aneurin Bevan Court Sheltered Housing Scheme we have held a meeting with the family concerned and apologised for the meal provided . ` We have also agreed a series of improvements which we will monitor with the family and all residents at Aneurin Bevan Court . ' Mrs Ashton lives at Aneurin Bevan Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Her son insists she is well-looked after there but would like to see better food standards .