Padding such a long way back was a tall order for a little lapdog with stumpy legs . So when Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home , he found a novel way to bring about a snappy rescue . With great presence of mind -- or luck -- he dashed into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by . Reunited : Alfie the Yorkshire Terrier -LRB- with owner Kirsty Mitton , right -RRB- - who travelled from Wednesbury , West Midlands , to Buckinghamshire to pick him up after he was rescued the RSPCA inspector Stephanie Law -LRB- left -RRB- . Safe now : The seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector 's van and started barking . The near-miss , plus a lot of barking , made RSPCA inspector Stephanie Law pull over . When she opened her cab door , Alfie bounded in and started licking her face appreciatively . Because the seven-year-old was microchipped , RSPCA staff were able to trace his owner , Kirsty Mitton , in Wednesbury , West Midlands -- the opposite end of the M40 from where he was found in Gerrards Cross , Buckinghamshire . Inquiries revealed Alfie had been missing for 12 days after being stolen with Miss Mitton 's other Yorkshire terrier , Lillie , during a raid on her home . Miss Mitton , 23 , put up 400 posters near her home and launched an appeal on Facebook to find the dogs after the burglary on March 21 . Yesterday , Inspector Law said : ` I was just driving down the deserted road when I saw Alfie run towards me , clearly trying to attract my attention . He ran right in front of the van , barking , and as soon as I stopped and opened the door he just bounded in and jumped on the seat . ` It was as if he recognised my uniform and knew I was there to rescue him . Taken : Alfie -LRB- left -RRB- is back , but Miss Mitton 's second terrier Lillie -LRB- right -RRB- , who was also stolen , is still missing . Distaance : Inspector Law reunited Alfie with a delighted Miss Mitton , who drove 112 miles from Wednesbury in the West Midlands -LRB- point A -RRB- to Gerrards Cross in Buckinghamshire -LRB- point B -RRB- to collect her beloved pet . ` I have had plenty of people wave me down for help but I have never actually been flagged down by a dog in need of rescue before . ' Miss Mitton , who runs her family 's haulage firm , has had Alfie since he was a puppy . Lillie , five , is not microchipped and is still missing . The pets are thought to have been stolen by dognappers who cash in on the lucrative trade in Yorkshire terrier puppies , which can sell for £ 900 . They have become increasingly popular after being photographed with celebrity owners such as Miley Cyrus , Paris Hilton and Britney Spears . The two dogs were the only things taken in the break-in . It is thought Alfie was dumped by the thieves when they realised he is neutered . Lillie has not been spayed so can still breed . Miss Mitton , said : ` It was like he just flagged her down and knew who she was . It is incredible that he rescued himself like that . ' Anyone with information about missing Lillie should call the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018 .