Those wondering what the future holds for former Top Gear presenter Richard Hammond need wonder no more . The BBC co-host appears to have already launched a new career - as a documentary maker of incredibly dull things . The 45-year-old , whose Top Gear future has been in doubt since Jeremy Clarkson 's unceremonious sacking , has released his first home video on a new channel on YouTube . Scroll down for video . Bored : Richard Hammond has released a video documenting his ` bored ' unemployed lifestyle - which has already been watched by 230,000 people . The film begins with a scene showing the 45-year-old lying on a wall shouting ` bored ' to himself and his dog . It comes after James May , also in the Top Gear presenting trio , released a series of videos showcasing his jobless life . One included a cookery demonstration on how to make a shepherd 's pie . But , if the title is anything to go by , it seems Hammond is still in need of a little bit of inspiration . Using the username ` Richard Hammond is bored ' , the presenter entitled the video ` Bored ' , before publishing an edited version under the equally-inspired name of ` Bored 2 ' . Predictably , the description reads : ` This video is about bored ' . The amusing but mind-numbing film - which lasts for ten minutes - begins with Hammond lying on top of a wall on his farm in Ross-on-Wye . He is seen shouting at the top of his voice - to no one except his dog - that he is ` Bored ! ' The slickly-edited video then follows Hammond as he drives along the M6 and country roads to Buttermere in the Lake District , Cumbria . The film follows Hammond as he takes his dog to Buttermere in the Lake District to learn how to herd sheep . Amid scenes of the National Park in all its springtime glory , the footage follows Hammond as he learns from local farmers about how to look after sheep . There are also scenes of Hammond feeding cows before having a pint with the farmers in the local pub , the Bridge Hotel . Hammond also takes time out of his farming duties to sit by a lake with his dog , pensively looking out across the water . But , unlike his Top Gear presenting style , Hammond rarely speaks during the film , sharing only a few key insights such as : ` It 's raining ' and ` What are we doing ? ' The film then ends with a cliff hanger which shows Hammond releasing some of the sheep back onto his farm in Wales - but realising that he has left his beloved dog behind . It follows the former Top Gear co-host as he drives along the M6 listening to radio , with his dog in the car . It also shows him having a few drinks in the pub . Unlike his Top Gear presenting style , Hammond rarely speaks during the film , sharing only a few key insights such as : ` It 's raining ' and ` What are we doing ? ' Two hours after promoting his film via Twitter , Hammond thanked his fans for their comments - but said it had not abated his boredom . ` Many comments on my little Bored film . Was briefly interested . Then bored again . Shall make a cutdown version next . When I can be bothered , ' he wrote . He later added : ` Have made cutdown version of Bored . Called it Bored 2 and put it on YouTube on ` Richard Hammond is bored ' . Not so bored now . ' Yesterday , Jeremy Clarkson - who was sacked from Top Gear last month - revealed that Hammond was spending his days trying to train his dog . He wrote : ` One of my friends , who shall remain nameless - save to say that his name begins with R and ends in ichard Hammond - decided to fill his enforced leave by training his dog . The film ends with a cliff hanger which shows Hammond releasing some of the sheep back onto his farm - but realising his dog is missing . In an amusing end scene , the dog is scene sitting next to the lake , worryingly looking around for her owner . ` And now , after just a couple of weeks , he reports that the dog in question hates him and hides whenever he comes into the room . ' Clarkson also reflected on the perils of being unemployed , saying he has to make everything ` last for hours ' to fill the gaping chasm left by Top Gear . In his Sunday Times column , he wrote : ` We read often about people who live on benefits , and it fills us with rage that they are sitting about with a plasma television we bought , eating chocolate biscuits that are n't bloody well theirs . ` Yet after a couple of weeks in the same boat -LRB- well , all right , mine 's more of a liner -RRB- , I 'm beginning to develop a bit of sympathy . Because what the hell do they do all day to stay sane ? ' Earlier this month , James May also took to YouTube to share his jobless life with friends . Richard Hammond shared his video with his followers on Twitter . It has already been watched more than 230,000 times . In a badly-lit video , the former BBC presenter gave a ` masterclass ' in making a shepherd 's pie . The cooking activity was originally selected by his Twitter followers , after he gave them a list of mundane scenarios which he should be filmed doing around the house . The cooking clip talked viewers through ` ingredients , prep and kit ' , ` cooking onions and chilli ' , ` browning meat , adding Indian spice ' and ` not sure ' . He had previously posted a video showing him tackling ` Greensleeves ' on his recorder while struggling with a hangover -- a popular piece that has thus far notched up over half-a-million views . Since Jeremy Clarkson was sacked over the infamous ` fracas ' involving a Top Gear producer , there has been mounting speculation over Hammond and May 's positions at the BBC . Bosses are reportedly still trying to persuade the pair to continue with the show , in a bid to cling on to long-term fans . Since the unceremonious sacking of Jeremy Clarkson , there has been mounting speculation over Hammond and May 's positions at the BBC . Although both hinted separately that they do not see a future with Top Gear , they have remained silent on the issue for the past few weeks . Some believe the presenters are remaining silent while waiting for bids from rival channels , which may want to sign up the group as a trio . A source told the Daily Mirror : ` Richard is a TV presenter and this could be his chance to become top dog - he 's been on the show a bit longer than James . That is a big opportunity to pass over . ' They added : ` It would be a great shame to lose all the talent in one go - re-booting it from scratch would be a far harder task than replacing one . ' All three were on the cusp of signing new three-year deals when the Clarkson fracas unfolded . The day after Clarkson 's sacking , May gave a big hint that he has no plans to return to Top Gear , suggesting he is to ` go back to normal life . ' But BBC bosses are reportedly still trying to persuade Richard Hammond and James May to continue with the show , in a bid to cling onto long-term fans . The presenter admitted he was already considering what to do next with his life - and suggested he might even ditch cars to become a teacher . He said : ` I might want to do something completely different with my life , I 'm quite old now . -LRB- I might do -RRB- something outside of cars , I always wanted to be a teacher . ' He also seemed to confirm speculation that he would leave the top-rating programme , saying : ` We always knew it was n't going to last forever ' . But the BBC 's creative director Alan Yentob previously made it clear he wanted May and Hammond to continue presenting the show without Clarkson , despite acknowledging it would be ` perfectly natural ' for them to have reservations about continuing . He said : ` It 's perfectly natural for them . They are a team they have worked together for a very long time , they are all very attached . ` If Jeremy is not in it and Richard and James are , that needs to be a conversation with them as well . They need to be happy about what 's going on and where they think the programme needs to be . ' May fronts several other TV programmes , including the popular James May 's Toy Stories , James May 's Man Lab and Oz and James ' Big Wine Adventure with wine expert Oz Clarke . Hammond has a successful career as a children 's television host , fronting the second series of National Geographic 's Science of Stupid . He also hosted BBC1 's physical game show Total Wipeout and the CBBC series Blast Lab before they were axed . Clarkson , May and Hammond are scheduled to take part in the live Top Gear shows next month . But the shows have been renamed , without BBC branding .