Whilst overseas backpackers visiting Sydney beaches are often told to go back to where they came from , Sutherland Council is instead exploring the idea of allowing them to camp right on the beach . According to the Sydney Morning Herald , the council have voted to explore the possibility of allowing campervans to park at allocated locations with ` high tourist appeal , ' in order to deter travellers from bypassing our most beautiful beaches . Among these locations are Cronulla beach and Wanda beach , both in southern Sydney , as it was found that due to a shortage of accommodation , many tourists were neglecting these areas altogether . The Sutherland Shire Council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach . Cronulla beach is often bypassed by tourist due to the shortage of accommodation in the area . Many locals have already had a negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets . This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area . On average , seasoned travellers spend $ 700 on eating out and shopping during a stay . Many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets . Although most are well-behaved , their bad reputation stems from those who act in a disorderly manner during their stay . ` We want people to come to our country , we want them to visit us , but in many cases it is as long as you do n't come in my street and do n't come in my area , ' he said . This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring . Some locals believe it can not be done without rezoning open park areas due to rising land values in Cronulla . ` I want them to spend money and go to restaurants . ' According to Mr Simpson , a short-stay camping site close to the beach would encourage seasoned travellers , retirees and various campervan users to the areas . He believes this would also solve the current issue of younger visitors parking their vans illegally on the streets . ` If you put people in areas that are well-maintained , and they can go there at a reasonable cost , it takes away that problem of being harassed in streets , and people knocking on their windows , ' he said . Sutherland Mayor Kent Johns is keen to attract more tourists but keep away those who act in an unwelcome manner . This proposal aims to solve the current issue of younger visitors parking their vans illegally on the streets . Mayor Kent Johns is keen to attract more tourists but keep away those who act in an unwelcome manner . President of the Cronulla Chamber of Commerce , Mark Aprilovic , disagrees with Mr Simpson 's vision . ` Where can you put them and how can do you do this without offending the local people ? ' said Mr Aprilovic . Others believe that this feat can not be done due to rising land values in Cronulla . ` There is only one hope near Cronulla and that is to rezone open park areas in front of the Green Hills Land estate , ' the owner of Cronulla Beach Youth Hostel Michael Keogh said . Mr Keogh is often asked by young backpackers if they can sleep in their vans and still use his facilities and he always declines .