If you were spellbound by the death-defying adventures of Katniss Everdeen , you will be very excited by the news that a Hunger Games theme park is in the planning . And fans could have the chance to experience Katniss ' life as soon as next year , with the attraction expected to open in October 2016 . But those looking to wield their bows and act as tribute will have to travel to Dubai for the chance to emulate the mockingjay . Hopefully the Dubai theme park will have safety measures in place for guests - unlike Katniss ' experience in the arena in Hunger Games . The four million square foot Motiongate Dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually , who will be immersed in a cinematic journey through their favourite movies via 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions . Contrasting with the dramatic and nail-biting theme of the Hunger Games is the incorporation of a live stage show based on Step Up : All In and Step Up : Revolution , the two most recent films in Liongate 's worldwide franchise . So far there have been three ` Hunger Games ' films released , featuring Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence , grossing $ 2.3 billion at box offices worldwide . The final instalment , The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 , is debuting on Nov 20 , 2015 , and the theme park attractions will be open for fans less than a year later . Dubai Parks and Resorts Chief Executive Officer , Raed Al Nuaimi , said : ` We are thrilled to be working with a Hollywood studio whose creative resources , spirit of innovation and vision of the entertainment experience are so closely aligned with our own . ` Lionsgate 's Hunger Games , Step Up and other signature properties are the perfect centerpiece for one of the most visionary new theme parks in the world . ` Through this partnership we are offering even more for the whole family to enjoy on their visit and are confident that Motiongate Dubai will set a global benchmark as the ultimate movie themed destination . ' The theme park is set to open for Hunger Games fans in October 2016 , and will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions . The last movie in the Hunger Games franchise is set to be released in the US in November this year . Lionsgate has partnered with Dubai Parks and Resorts to bring a Lionsgate zone to motiongate ™ Dubai , the Hollywood-themed park opening in Dubai in October 2016 . ` Motiongate Dubai is poised to become one of the most exciting new entertainment destinations in the world , and we 're thrilled that many of our biggest franchises will be an integral part of it , ' said Lionsgate Executive Vice President of Global Franchise Management and Strategic Partnerships , Kerry Phelan , and Senior Vice President of Branded Attractions , Jenefer Brown . ` The Lionsgate section of Motiongate Dubai is an important milestone in our ongoing commitment to extend the longevity , broaden the global fan base and enrich the vitality of our most exciting entertainment properties . ' If the Hunger Games and Step Up attractions were not enough to draw the crowds , Dubai Parks and Resorts even have plans for Legoland Dubai , the first of its kind in the Middle East . The Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Universal Studios , Orlando , proved that if done correctly , theme parks can tap into a large movie fan base . Fans at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter can walk through a replica Hogwarts Castle , and enjoy three rollercoaster rides . Lionsgate were no doubt spurred on by the success of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter , which opened at Universal Studios , Florida in 2010 . Attracting millions of fans from all over the globe , the attraction , which included Hogwarts Castle and Hogsmeade Village , was a rounding success . Universal opened an extension to the Harry Potter experience , Diagon Alley , last summer which cost an estimated £ 239million .