Juventus have made a move for Paulo Dybala , the Palermo striker who has caught the eye of Manchester United and Arsenal , according to reports in Italy . Gazzetta dello Sport report that , with speculation Carlos Tevez could be eyeing a return to Argentina with Boca Juniors , the Serie A side have tabled an offer of 25million euros -LRB- £ 18m -RRB- for the 21-year-old . Turin-based Tuttosport follow up those reports by adding that Maurizio Zamperini , the Palermo president , is hoping interest from sides such as United and Arsenal will spark a bidding war that will raise Dybala 's fee . La Gazzetta dello Sport -LRB- left -RRB- and Tuttosport feature Juventus and their attempts to sign Paulo Dybala . Palermo striker Dybala -LRB- left -RRB- has also been linked with a transfer to Manchester United and Arsenal . The paper adds that Juventus have made an early move for the striker to avoid such a scenario . In Spain , Barcelona continued to resist Real Madrid 's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop La Liga . Luis Enrique 's side won 4-0 at Almeria , with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez getting on the scoresheet , while Madrid recorded a 2-0 victory at Rayo Vallecano . Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring for Carlo Ancelotti 's side with his 300th goal for the club , a feat which AS lead with . AS -LRB- left -RRB- report on Cristiano Ronaldo 's Real Madrid form , while Barcelona are on the front of Mundo Deportivo . Madrid 's players mob Ronaldo -LRB- second left -RRB- after he scored his 300th goal for the club on Wednesday . The paper says Ronaldo is ` pulling the cart ' as the Portugal international also assisted James Rodriguez 's goal , Madrid 's second . Mundo Deportivo believe Barcelona ` are ready to climb the hill ' after thrashing Almeria . Luis Enrique 's side have a challenging run of fixtures ahead , taking on Sevilla and Paris Saint-Germain away from home in La Liga and the Champions League respectively , before returning to the Nou Camp for the visit of Valencia and the return leg against PSG .