When Instagram users try to search for the aubergine , or eggplant , emoji hashtag no posts appear - even if there are posts tagged in this way . Last night Instagram rolled out its latest update that lets users create and search for hashtags using emoji . But it appears not all emoji hashtags are created equal . When people try to search for the aubergine , or eggplant , emoji using a hashtag on the app , no posts appear - even though there are posts that have been tagged with it . And it is believe to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity . The anomaly was discovered by Katie Notopoulos from Buzzfeed . Emoji hashtags were released as part of Instagram 's latest app update , which also added three new filters and a redesigned Love button . Hashtags can now be used with single emoji , multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post , comments , captions and when using the Explore tab . Instagram told MailOnline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly . But , given that the emoji could potentially be tagged onto images that contain nudity , it is likely the app is restricting its use under its community guidelines . It also appears the hashtag itself is n't banned across the app , instead it just ca n't be searched for . Instagram 's guidelines explain : ` We know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons we do n't allow nudity on Instagram . ` This includes photos , videos , and some digitally-created content that show sexual intercourse , genitals , and close-ups of fully-nude buttocks . ` It also includes some photos of female nipples , but photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed . Nudity in photos of paintings and sculptures is OK , too . ' Ms Notopoulos has even created a hashtag called #freetheeggplant . Despite issuing an apparent ban on searching for the aubergine , searches for emojis such as the gun -LRB- left -RRB- and a syringe -LRB- right -RRB- are allowed . Instagram does n't ban pictures of guns , although it does n't allow the sale of guns . In terms of the needle , many images posted using this hashtag include tattoos and giving blood . Following yesterday 's update , Instagram users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using emoji . Emoji are popular in the Instagram community , with nearly half of Instagram captions -LRB- pictured on Rosie Huntington-Whiteley 's page -RRB- already featuring the small pictures . But she also noted that despite issuing an apparent blanket ban on searching for the aubergine emoji , searches for emojis such as the gun and a needle and syringe are allowed . Instagram does n't ban pictures of guns on the app , although it does n't allow the sale of guns . In terms of the needle emoji , many images posted using this hashtag include tattoos and giving blood . However , if an image was to be posted of a person using drugs or guns in an illegal way Instagram would remove it . From sending countless ` poops ' to adding hearts to sentimental messages , your choice of emoji says a lot about you . And experts recently analysed more than one billion uses of the tiny icons to see how they are used across different languages . Study found that the French are the most loved-up , sending more hearts than any other region , while Australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji . Swiftkey recently analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data , covering 800 emoji across 60 categories . The most popular categories for each language are pictured . In the US , gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related emoji than the average , including a rainbow , men holding hands or women holding hands . This is followed by Canada and Malaysia . To plot the differences in use , London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data , covering 800 emoji across 60 categories . The findings of the report came from an analysis of data over a four-month period between October 2014 and January 2015 , and includes both Android and iOS devices . The languages studied include English , including US , UK and Australian , Spanish , Vietnamese , French , Malaysian , Arabic , German , Turkish , French , Portuguese , Italian and Russian . Canadians are twice as raunchy as all other languages , according to the emoji study . They use twice as many so-called ` raunchy humour emoji ' , including the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and Cancer astrological symbol than average . Vietnamese and French are half as raunchy as the average and US English speakers are the top users of the eggplant emoji at more than double the average . Italians use the banana emoji the most . Canadians are twice as raunchy as all other languages , according to the emoji study . They use twice as many so-called ` raunchy humour emoji ' , including the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and Cancer astrological symbol than average -LRB- pictured -RRB- . This would rely on either the image being reported by a fellow member or Instagram seeing the image itself . Subsequently , this suggests it will potentially allow images of illegal activity to appear in search , when tagged in this way , and act on it retrospectively but wo n't allow images of nudity to appear in the search results at all . Following the launch of the new feature , Instagram told MailOnline : ` Over the past few years , emoji have become part of a universal visual language . ` From today , on Instagram emoji will now work within hashtags , so you can add them to your posts , search for them on the Explore page , and tap on them in captions . ' Emoji are popular in the Instagram community , with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures . The most popular emoji on Instagram is the crying with laughter face , followed by the face with love hearts for eyes and blowing a kiss emoji . Other popular emoji are the OK hand gesture , two hearts , clapping hands , another crying with laughter face , thumbs up , smiley face and kiss mark -LRB- pictured left to right -RRB- . Instagram also unveiled three new filters . It said Juno tints tones green while making ` warm tones pop and whites glow for vibrant photos of people ' . Lark -LRB- left -RRB- desaturates reds while ` punching up blues and greens to bring your landscapes to life ' and Reyes -LRB- right -RRB- was inspired by the coast of Point Reyes , California . The most popular emoji on the site is the crying with laughter face , followed by the face with love hearts for eyes and blowing a kiss emoji . Instagram also unveiled three new filters called Lark , Reyes and Juno . Lark desaturates reds while ` punching up blues and greens to bring your landscapes to life ' , explained Instagram . Reyes was inspired by the coast of Point Reyes , California and adds a ` dusty , vintage feel ' to photos . While Juno tints tones green while making ` warm tones pop and whites glow for vibrant photos of people . '