Self-assured and poised in her stilettoes and new hairstyle , Nicola Sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage -- addressing a nationwide audience of Britons , rather than just the usual five million Scots . Such was her exultation that Judy Murray , mother of tennis star Andy -LRB- who was widely criticised for voicing his support for Scottish independence on the eve of last year 's independence referendum -RRB- , tweeted about her triumph . Judy Murray said : ` GSM Sturgeon ' -LRB- Game , Set and Match -RRB- . Scroll down for video . The Britain-wide TV audience was clearly impressed - an instant poll by YouGov found that 28 per cent thought Nicola Sturgeon was the best performer . For most people outside Scotland , this will have been their first proper view of Scotland 's First Minister . Until now , she had been in the substantial shadow of her noisy and bullish predecessor , Alex Salmond . But few north of the border were surprised by her performance . The fact is that Sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the TV debate , having been a member of the Scottish Cabinet and Deputy First Minister since 2007 . Such is the hero-worship she attracts in Scotland , that even after the SNP lost the referendum vote last year , 12,000 people paid to see her speak at Glasgow 's Hydro , a concert venue more usually home to pop stars such as Sting or Rod Stewart . Sturgeon is a very canny operator . Her style on Thursday night was deliberately calm , natural and direct -- qualities that are rare in politicians in this age of spin and slipperiness . The Britain-wide TV audience was clearly impressed . An instant poll by YouGov found that 28 per cent thought she was the best performer . Fascinatingly , one of the most-searched things on Google immediately after the end of the broadcast was whether people who do n't live in Scotland can vote for the SNP on May 7 . I found myself torn . As a fellow Scot , I wanted to see her do well . But as someone who regards himself as ` British ' and who voted to keep the union , I am all too aware of her determination to destroy my country . Indeed , Nicola Ferguson Sturgeon is a very dangerous woman . Such was her exultation that Judy Murray , mother of tennis star Andy , tweeted about her triumph . Judy Murray said : ` GSM Sturgeon ' -LRB- Game , Set and Match -RRB- . Leader : For most people outside Scotland , this will have been their first proper view of Scotland 's First Minister . Although poles apart politically -- and Sturgeon herself would run the Royal Mile in Edinburgh at the comparison -- she shares many similarities with Margaret Thatcher . Like Mrs T , the SNP leader transformed her image from that of a dowdy egghead into a glamorous , power-dressing imperatrix -- emphasising a mixture of elegant feminine charm and steel . Her strength of character and willpower have driven her to the top of a party that has traditionally been dominated by powerful men in kilts . What has lifted her above these male rivals is her emotional intelligence . Although naturally shy , her two decades in politics has seen her grow into a polished public performer . Make no mistake , however : she is unequivocally left-wing . And she is also an avowed feminist . Indeed , during her SNP conference speech last month she said : ` I am determined that -- unlike that other woman leader we once knew -- I will use my time in this job to improve the lives of women across our country . ' One of her first acts as First Minister was to create a gender-balanced Cabinet . First Minister Nicola Sturgeon greets young fans on the campaign trail in Edinburgh , where she was hailed as ` Scotland 's Queen ' Dangerous : SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon could hold the balance of power and be in position to decide who forms the next government . Having taken over from Alex Salmond after the SNP had lost the referendum , Sturgeon is in some ways exactly what Scotland needed . The country was -- and still is -- deeply divided and bruised by the vote . But the beguiling Sturgeon is a much more conciliatory and less arrogant figure than her predecessor . Very cleverly , she is now taking her Scottish independence campaign south of the border . And Thursday 's TV debate offered the perfect platform . By saying that her ` message to the people of England , Wales and Northern Ireland is one of friendship ' , it was a brazen charm offensive . Opinion polls suggest that post-May 7 , Sturgeon could wield huge influence over who forms the next government in Westminster . And with predictions that her SNP could take 45 of Scotland 's 59 seats , there is a growing fear in England that she could hold Westminster to ransom . Range : Nicola Sturgeon , leader of the pro-independence Scottish National Party , was touted as one of the victors . Analysts remarked that none of the seven leaders delivered a ` killer line ' to stand out from the rest . By propping up a Miliband government , she would try to impose her left-wing agenda : big-state socialism , ferocious opposition to an austerity programme , the non-renewal of the Trident nuclear deterrent , demands for expensive public spending projects that fly in the face of economic reality . If that happens , Britain would face a political crisis as the English -LRB- who number 53million -RRB- would feel justified in rebelling against a government that depended for its existence on the votes of a neighbouring country of just five million . Such a situation would , inevitably , become unworkable and collapse , with incalculable consequences for our political system . Of course , that would play right into the hands of Nicola Sturgeon . For she full knows that the growing anti-Scottish feeling in England could lead to Westminster concluding that the union with Scotland was unsustainable . Already , Scots are speculating that there would soon be a second referendum on independence . These are the cards that Sturgeon holds -- and her hand is stacked with aces . The fact is that she commands her party and her nation in a way that David Cameron or Ed Miliband can only dream of . Today , Nicola Sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in British politics .