Eden Hazard and Harry Kane appear set to contest the PFA Player of the Year award after the six-man shortlist was unveiled . Hazard is hot favourite thanks to his consistently brilliant form for Chelsea , runaway leaders at the top of the Barclays Premier League , but Kane is the homespun hero after a fabulous breakthrough season at Tottenham . The 21-year-old Spurs striker has 29 goals in all competitions to date and forced his way into Roy Hodgson 's squad , scoring within 79 seconds of his England debut against Lithuania last month . Harry Kane 's prolific form for Tottenham has seen him nominated for PFA Player of the Year . Eden Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- has propelled Chelsea to the top of the Premier League with his brilliant displays . Diego Costa -LRB- right -RRB- scores for Chelsea in the Capital One Cup final victory over Tottenham at Wembley . Alexis Sanchez has had no trouble adapting to the Premier League , scoring 20 times for Arsenal so far . Eden Hazard - Chelsea . Diego Costa - Chelsea . Harry Kane - Tottenham Hotspur . Alexis Sanchez - Arsenal . David de Gea - Manchester United . Philippe Coutinho - Liverpool . Kane , the only English player up for the main award , has scored 19 in the Premier League , the same number as Diego Costa , who is also on the shortlist , along with Alexis Sanchez , Philippe Coutinho and David de Gea . Manchester City 's miserable demise is perhaps summed up by the fact none of their players made the cut , including Sergio Aguero who also has 19 Premier League goals and is locked together with Kane and Costa in the race for the Golden Boot . Hazard , 24 , is heavily odds-on with the bookmakers after leading Chelsea 's charge for a first title in five years and 17 goals in all competitions . Goalkeeper David de Gea -LRB- left -RRB- has been Manchester United 's most impressive player of the season . Philippe Coutinho -LRB- left -RRB- has enjoyed his best season yet for Liverpool and is also up for Player of the Year . The PFA Young Player of the Year nominations are : . Eden Hazard - Chelsea . Harry Kane - Tottenham Hotspur . Philippe Coutinho - Liverpool . Raheem Sterling - Liverpool . David de Gea - Manchester United . Thibaut Courtois - Chelsea . Arsene Wenger plumped for Hazard when asked to name his winner , without voting for anyone from his Arsenal squad . Sanchez made an explosive start to the campaign but his form has faded during the spring , when the votes are cast . The same could be said for Costa , who scored 13 of his 19 Chelsea goals before the turn of the year . De Gea 's early-season form was strong , too , keeping Manchester United in contention for the top four as Louis van Gaal struggled to find the right formula . Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- poses with former Liverpool striker Luis Suarez -LRB- right -RRB- after last year 's award ceremony . John Terry voted for Coutinho but the Brazilian is an outsider because Liverpool have been unable to match last season 's success . Four of the six - all but Costa and Sanchez - are also on the shortlist for the Young Player of the Year with Thibaut Courtois and Raheem Sterling making up the numbers . Kane is the favourite to win the Young Player award .