New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child 's mother . On Nov. 11 , 2014 , the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale , New Jersey . Now , more than five months later , authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate the child 's death . The baby , who was named 'Em ma Grace ' by a local church , was discovered by a ReCommunity Recycling facility employee , police said in a news release . Scroll down for video . Emma Grace : New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant -LRB- photographed -RRB- , known as 'Em ma Grace , ' whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child 's mother . Evidence : Investigators located the infant 's head along with two blood-soaked blouses -LRB- left and right -RRB- and a bag more than 50 miles away in Orange township . Investigators located the infant 's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in Orange township . Authorities released the sketch of Emma and the photos Friday enlisting the help of the public to locate the infant 's mother . ` Detectives hope someone may recognize the baby based on the composite sketch or provide assistance to find the mother based on the items of clothing , ' police said . The release states that no current evidence indicates that the mother was a ` victim of foul play , ' but authorities have not ruled out the possibility . A medical examiner has determined that Emma was not stillborn , but the cause of the child 's death is still unknown . Funeral : The baby 's remains have been released to the Ardena Baptist Church in Freehold , which will hold a funeral for the infant Saturday . Name : The Ardena Baptist Church , who will hold a funeral for the child , gave her the name 'Em ma Grace ' Investigators say that if the mother is responsible for placing the remains in the trash heap , she may have been trying to hide her pregnancy prior to giving birth . ` She might have been living a different lifestyle than she was accustomed to , and since the birth she may have resumed some of her more normal routines , ' police said . Based on hair characteristics , police said , the infant is of mixed race and may be of Hispanic origin . The investigation is ongoing and Monmouth County Crime Stoppers is offering up to $ 5,000 for information leading to the identity of the infant 's mother . The baby 's remains have been released to the Ardena Baptist Church in Freehold , which will hold a funeral for the infant Saturday .