A driver who was pulled over for suspected drink driving is seen in a video being clubbed by two policemen as he lays on the ground . Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico in California and claims once he was out of the car he was wrestled to the floor by two police officers who then hit him with a baton or stick . Video footage of the incident , taken by a bystander , has emerged and shows the 30-year-old being repeatedly hit by an officer as he lay on the road . Scroll down for video . A video has emerged which shows a man being beaten as he lays on the floor after being pulled over by police . The clip , posted by Action News Now , shows Reardon appearing to be hit with force multiple times . It is likely to inflame tensions in America about police brutality after a number of high profile incidents of beatings and fatal shootings have been caught on camera . Reardon claims he was subjected to violence ` without provocation ' and suffered acute respiratory failure and had to be put on a ventilator in hospital . He was in ICU for 4 days . He says he also suffered multiple broken bones , including ribs , nose and sternum . Reardon told TMZ that after he got out of his Chevy Suburban near 5th and Main Streets in Chico , he was tackled to the floor and ` hog tied ' . He said he was then thrown into the back of a van by police before being taken to hospital after the incident on February 18 , at about 9.40 pm . Officers claim Reardon had failed to appear at court on gun charges and refused to raise his hands after being stopped . They said he then attempted to flee when pulled over . In the footage an officer is shown repeatedly hitting Reardon with an object as he lay on the ground . Butte County Chief deputy District Attorney claimed the officers used force to restrain Reardon . He was said to be almost twice over the legal limit for driving and had traces of methamphetamine and cocaine in his blood . Reardon had allegedly hit two cars while trying to get away from the officers , KRCRtv reported . After he hit a parked car he is said to have got out of the vehicle and approached an officer , before complying with orders to lie on the ground . Reardon has denied charges of evading a peace officer , DUI , DUI with alcohol or drugs within 10 years of a prior , and resisting an executive officer . He has not been granted bail . Reardon is on the floor as one of the officers crouches down beside him and the other gets ready to hit him . The 30-year-old claims he was left with broken bones and ribs after being subjected to the brutal beating . The video footage has emerged as tensions over police brutality have increased in America following a number of shootings and incidences of violence caught on camera in recent weeks . This week helicopter cameras captured police beating Francis Pusok at least 80 times after they had already tasered him . Police had tried to arrest him at his southern California and he fled on a horse - sparking a two hour chase before he fell off and was beaten . Last week footage emerged of unarmed black man Derek Harris , 44 , being shot dead by a 74-year-old reserve deputy in Tulsa , Oklahoma . He claimed he had accidentally mistaken his hand gun for his taser and had not intended to kill Mr Harris , who was being chased by police following a sting operation . Walter Scott was shot in the back as he attempted to flee police , after being pulled over for a broken tail light . Officers were seen surrounding Francis Pusok as he lay on the ground after falling off his horse . Police officer Michael Slager was charged with murder earlier this month after video captured on a mobile phone showed him shooting Walter Scott , a coast guard veteran , in the back as he ran away . Mr Scott had been pulled over for driving with a broken tail light . Evidence of police brutality has caused outrage in America and led to high profile protests . Hundreds of protesters wore ` I ca n't breathe ' t-shirts at a basketball match in Brooklyn in tribute to black father-of-six Eric Garner who died after being held in a fatal chokehold . Last year days of protests were held after the shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown . The 18-year-old was stopped and shot dead by by white officer Darren Wilson in the St Louis , Missouri , suburb on August 9 .