A mother-of-two who posted pictures of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on Instagram to inspire others was horrified after they were removed for breaching the site 's decency guidelines . Hannah Moore , 20 , of Broxburn in West Lothian , uploaded the snaps in a bid to boost her confidence and told her followers : ` Nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful ' . But only two minutes later , the mum of twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence ' . Hannah Moore , 20 , of Broxburn in West Lothian , had suffered stretchmarks after having twins , and had posted the images in a bid to boost her confidence . ` Nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful ' : The mum-of-twins had posted the images with an inspirational caption , and was shocked when they were removed due to ` nudity and violence ' Hannah says the blocking of her account has made her think her body is ` clearly fat , ugly and disgusting and it made people feel sick ' . She said : ` Two minutes after the picture was uploaded my account got closed down , my mouth just dropped and my eyes watered . ` I do n't know why , it was out of the blue but I decided to post a picture of my belly on Instagram because I 've had twins . ` I had written underneath the picture how unconfident I had always been , how relationships have been hard and how hard it is to find clothes that I like . ' The 20-year-old had had suffered stretchmarks after having twins and wanted a confidence boost , but after posting images -LRB- pictured right -RRB- , her account was immediately shut down . ` Instagram should be more careful in whose accounts they delete and look into it further ' : Moore was devastated by Instagram 's decision to delete her account . She continued : ` I want not just myself but other women thin or bigger to love themselves and love their size because everyone is beautiful . ` Instagram should be more careful whose accounts they delete and look into it further . ' Hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace with fiance David Johnstone , 22 , in June last year . She posted the pictures on Wednesday but her account was immediately shut down . She said : ` I basically wrote that people should never get judged for the size and what they look like because everyone is beautiful ' . ` The picture was up two minutes until my Instagram logged out itself and then it came up saying my account has been shut down because of violations . ` Nobody could get on my Instagram and nobody could search for it so someone had obviously reported the picture for nudity - all it was was a picture of my belly and it has just took my confidence away . ' Hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace with fiance David Johnstone , 22 -LRB- pictured right -RRB- , in June last year . She added : ` It was just me saying that nobody should ever get judged no matter what size they are . ` I felt so confident posting the picture showing my baby belly , my belly that carried twin girls for only six months . ' Instagram 's community guidelines state : ` We know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons , we do n't allow nudity on Instagram . ` Photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed . ' But Hannah believes she is not in breach of these guidelines despite her account being shut down . Instagram has admitted the incident was ` a technical mistake ' and has re-instated Hannah 's account . Hannah , who was bullied during school for her weight , has been left with no confidence . She said : ` It made me think that my body is clearly fat , ugly and disgusting and it made people feel sick . ` I wrote that no one should ever get judged or brought down by their size because it should n't matter . ` Now that nice weather is here I still feel that I need to cover myself up . I ca n't go out without covering my arms or legs , I just feel like people are looking at me and are disgusted . ' Instagram has admitted the incident was ` a technical mistake ' and has re-instated Hannah 's account . A spokeswoman said : ` It was a technical mistake and the account has been restored . '