They may look like as if they come from a plague epidemic , but these photos show the shocking amounts of bacteria that grow on money . Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets . The experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be . Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets . This the bacteria found on one five pound note . The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey . It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days . The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money . While most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless , money has been known to carry dangerous diseases . The most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides , which is harmless . Dr Simon Park , a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university , said : ` The most common types found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour MRSA and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies . ' The experiment , which involved treating the coins in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be . Among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is Bacillus mycoides -LRB- shown above -RRB- . It 's common in soil , so it 's likely someone was gardening before handling cash . Currency collected from students were submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days . This image shows bacteria found on a ten pound note . Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money . Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless . The most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides , which is harmless . One ten pound note yielded Bacillus mycoides , which is common in soil , suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash . But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies . The scientists found cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin . It is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition , such as people in hospitals . The scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin . It is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition , such as people in hospitals . Around 20 per cent of people carry the bacteria in their nostrils , which means they likely touched their nose before handling money . Dr Park added : ` We found that money , be it coins or notes , harbours very large numbers of bacteria . ` It is something that we all share so it passes through many many different hands , washed and unwashed . ` It also gets kept in warm and moist pockets , which offer perfect conditions for bacterial growth and survival . ` Consequently , the populations of bacteria on currency are much larger and more diverse , and money is likely to carry disease causing bacteria . ' While most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless , money has been known to carry dangerous diseases . This is the bacteria found on a five pound note , including one large bloom . Dr Simon Park , a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university , said : ` The most common types -LSB- of bacteria -RSB- found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour MRSA and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies . A stock image is shown . After the experiment , the cash was washed and returned to the students . Dr Park said : ` We wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us , it 's on anything we interact with . ' The scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin , but this image shows bacteria from a five pound note , including some bright orange spores . Dr Park said : ` We wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us , it 's on anything we interact with . ' This image shows a large spreading bacterial colony created from the grime on nine silver and copper coins .