James Ward -LRB- pictured -RRB- was left with a severed finger and wounds all over of his body after being attacked at his home by axe-wielding intruders . A father-of-six who was attacked with an axe lost a finger in the incident which left him needing 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body . James Ward , 31 , of Burnley , Lancashire , also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head , legs , and back . They managed to reattach his left index finger . Mr Ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children because he fears his attackers will kill him if he does . He said : ` I 'm too scared to go back . I think they thought the job was done . I have done things in the past but nothing to warrant this attack . ' He was painting his kitchen just after midnight when he heard a noise at the front of the house . ` I ran towards the front door and turned to talk to my four friends who were there when the door went through , ' he said . ` I was hit in the back with an axe . ` All the others ran upstairs . After they cut my finger off there was a lot of blood so I think panic set in . ' As Mr Ward put his hands up to protect himself , his left index finger was chopped off , while several others were also partially severed . The pair then struck him repeatedly on his arms , head , legs , and back . Mr Ward said : ` I 'm only a few stone wet through and they could have beaten me up with just their hands . I was on the floor when they hit me in the head with the axe . ` And if the axe had been sharp instead of blunt , they would have chopped my arm off . ' ` I do n't know why they stopped . They said if I went to the police they would kill me . ` I have done things in the past but nothing to warrant this attack . ' Mr Ward is pictured shortly after the attack - he needed 38 staples to seal the wounds all over his body . The frenzy was finally over when Mr Ward dragged himself to safety under a kitchen counter . He stumbled outside and was spotted by a neighbour , who called the emergency services . Mr Ward said : ` I was woozy because I had lost a lot of blood . My neighbour asked if I was all right and I was saying , ` I ca n't find my finger . ' He was taken to Royal Blackburn Hospital before being transferred to Preston , where he was kept for treatment and his own safety until his family could fetch him and take him to his hometown of Manchester , where he is now recovering from the ordeal . He said : ` I 'm having to get my mum to help me wash . I feel like a child again . ` I feel like crying all the time and I ca n't go out on my own . I 'm too scared to go and see my own children . ` I ca n't get it out my head . I ca n't sleep at night and I do n't know what to do . ' Detectives investigating the attack on Saturday , April 4 , are urging anybody with information to come forward as the search for the bloodied weapons continues . Mr Ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home because he fears his attackers will kill him . Mr Ward said : ` Near to my house is spare ground , a lot of woodland and the canal so they might have thrown them in there . ' Det Sgt Alisa Wilson said : ` This was a horrific attack on a young man in his own home . ` I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the offence , the aftermath or has any information in connection with it to make contact . ` Despite charges being brought against one man , the investigation is continuing and I am appealing for witnesses to come forward . ' A 23-year-old man appeared before magistrates in Burnley yesterday charged with aggravated burglary and grievous bodily harm . He was remanded in custody and will make his next appearance at Burnley Crown Court at 9.30 am on Thursday , May 7 . A 22-year-old man was also arrested and was released on bail pending further enquiries . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .