He 's known as living in one of the most exclusive postcodes in London , and enjoying the best bars and restaurants with his wealthy co-stars , but Chelsea boy Andy Jordan 's heart lies outside the capital . From getting stopped and searched for drugs in Mexico , to hijacking tuk tuks in India , the fun-loving broker has had many adventures beyond London 's exclusive SW3 postcode . While you may expect him to enjoy the best luxury hotels around the world , the carefree traveller says he often packs the bare minimum and even enjoys staying in the odd Travelodge . Jetsetter : Andy Jordan from Made In Chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world , but also enjoys a stay at Travelodge . Sat in Andy 's London flat at the start of the bank holiday a travel edition of ` Would You Rather ' kicks off proceedings . ` I do n't think I 've played this sober before , ' he says , before revealing how he prefers action holidays to lying on a beach . ` I once took a girl on holiday to Morocco for her birthday , ' he said when asked about the most romantic place he has taken a female companion . ` It was a bit awkward as we were together but broke up just before , but both still wanted to go . ` What she did n't realise is I had booked it based on the best surfing spots in the area and turned up at the airport with my surfboard . ` She was livid ! ' Action man ! The singer loves to keep active on holiday and aims to surf in the Arctic one day . The singer released his album , Geography , last year and in the title song he sings about falling in love at first sight on London 's Underground . The ladies of London will be delighted to know he is completely open to finding love on trains . ` I had my first ` train encounter ' when I was 14 and I chatted to this girl for five hours , all the way from Oxford to Bodmin Parkway , ' he explains . ` It was so incredible we even kissed when I got off and met up that evening on the beach . ` I am a big believer in that kind of thing . ' Sun loving ! The latest holiday the Chelsea boy went on involved the cast from the TV series . Their trip to Barbados was shown on the season opening episode this week . Most of the singer 's future holiday plans involve ticking surfing spots off his bucket list . ` I want to surf in the Arctic , it 's becoming a big thing and you can surf between glaciers with Patagonia wetsuits that let you go in four degree water . ' Of course the Chelsea boy had a gap year , funded by doing a telesales job in his bedroom in pajamas , before surfing every day for six months around the world . When asked if he would rather join the Mile High Club and be caught or never join at all , his response is instant . ` Join it ! Hands down ! Just to clarify I am not currently a member of it . ' Andy 's favourite hotel is the Tryall Club in Jamaica . He stayed at the Round House and brought the whole of his family . His favourite place to stay is in the Tryall Club in Jamaica 's Montego Bay . The country club retreat is where he has previously shared the sumptuous Round House property with his family . ` It 's very cool as it has a huge turret and a dining room table that seats 18 people and the staff are amazing . ` I got blamed for drinking all the rum but it was actually the butler . ' Andy also loves to check into London hotels such as the Corinthia , just for fun -LRB- as you do -RRB- and the Londoner believes the hotel service in the capital is among the best in the world . More rivalry ! Andy Jordan and Jamie Laing set their sights on Made In Chelsea newcomer Jess Woodley . But it 's not all sumptuous surroundings and butler service , Andy reveals he is also a fan of Travelodge . ` When I was on tour I took our whole team there and they do a great bed , ' he said . ` Even Mark Francis would stay there , he is actually an extremely chilled traveller . ' If the singer could pick anywhere in the world to busk for a day , it would be Union Square in New York in summer . ` I probably would n't get to play for very long as I would get chatting to someone , go for a coffee and end up exploring the city . ` Actually , an hour outside Wall Street and you would have about $ 400 and could leave it there anyway ! ' If Andy could take one of the Made In Chelsea stars on a desert island with him it would be Jamie . ` He would freak the most for sure , but he 's such a positive person he would just think screw it and have a fun time . ` He 's not a fan of organised fun so this would be the perfect place for him , but he would definitely start freaking out with then sun went down . ' The TV series is on its ninth season , and can be seen on E4 on Mondays at 9 pm . Hijacking tuk tuks ! Just one of Andy 's many holiday adventures when he has been outside of his London SW postcode . The Chelsea star enjoys going abroad as he is less recognised and does not have to act in such a refined way . ` In India I said to one of the tuk tuk drivers that I would pay extra if I could drive . ` It was a really great way of getting back from the temple to our hotel . ` But it was night and I nearly hit a cow , which are sacred there , and I had to swerve to miss it and a couple of people fell out ! ' His latest holiday was with the Made in Chelsea gang , and they flew with British Airways from London Gatwick to Barbados . The gorgeous stars ' holiday was shown on the season opening on Monday this week and Andy was clearly a fan of the company . ` The girls looked great in bikinis , ' he grins , ` that 's all I 'll say . '