The future of Andy Murray 's coaching arrangement with Amelie Mauresmo looks shrouded in doubt after he confirmed that they will take a prolonged break from each other after Wimbledon . Mauresmo , who is expecting a baby in August , will be replaced by Swede Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the US Open and quite possibly after that , depending on how she assesses her priorities . The 27-year-old Scot , who is in Munich for this week 's BMW Open and joined in the 100-year celebrations at the Iphitos Tennis Club on Monday night , parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling . Andy Murray -LRB- centre -RRB- , Tommy Haas -LRB- left -RRB- and Roberto Bautista-Agut help to blow out the candles on a cake to celebrate 100 years at the Iphitos Tennis Club in Munich , the venue for this week 's BMW Open . Murray -LRB- left -RRB- and coach Jonas Bjorkman enjoy the celebrations in Munich on Monday evening . Murray -LRB- left -RRB- arrives at the party alongside German sports manager Michael Mronz . Murray -LRB- right -RRB- poses for a picture alongside WBO Super Middleweight champion Arthur Abraham . Murray made it clear that if the responsibilities of parenthood prevent Mauresmo from fulfilling her 26-week commitment , then their relationship may have to go the same way . ` Right now Amelie does all the major competitions but if she does n't want to do loads of time , I do n't find it beneficial if someone just comes in for the major competitions and does n't do any of the training , any of the other events , ' Murray said . The plan is for Mauresmo to work with him up until Wimbledon , although by then she will be in the latter stages of pregnancy . Murray originally considered Bjorkman as a replacement for Lendl so if their current trial works well , it is likely he will take a more significant role than as an assistant to Mauresmo . It quickly became clear to Murray that the respected Swede might be used in an increased capacity after Mauresmo told him in February that , eight months after they had formalised their agreement , she was expecting -- initially saying she had ` something personal ' to tell him . ` I thought , `` Something personal to tell you ? '' I thought maybe she 's pregnant , ' Murray said . ` She normally goes to the gym all the time but she did n't train once through Australia . When she told me , it was a bit of a surprise . But because she 'd pre-warned me I kind of expected it a little bit . ' Murray and Mauresmo look likely to part ways when his coach gives birth later on in the year . Jonas Bjorkmann -LRB- left -RRB- will work with Murray until the end of the US Open and then maybe longer . Mauresmo is not in Munich this week for Murray 's first tournament on the clay since he got married . So far everything with Bjorkman has been satisfactory and he joined them in Barcelona last week at a training camp . ` He 's easy going but as a player he was mentally very strong and had a great work ethic , ' Murray said . ` I see him as being a good fit personality-wise but you do n't really get the whole package until you 're playing matches and there 's a bit more pressure and stress . I would n't imagine it would be too much of a problem for him . ' Although wearing a wedding ring , Murray will be taking it off when he plays . ` I ca n't play with it holding the racket because it gives me blisters , ' he said . After Munich , Murray is playing Masters level events in Madrid and Rome before heading to the French Open in Paris . Murray trains ahead of the BMW Open in Munich where he looks to pick up some wins on clay .