These are the horrific injuries inflicted on a 21-year-old dancer who has been left ` unable to smile ' after a stranger smashed down her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam . Chloe Knapton , from Holmfirth , West Yorkshire , had to have surgery after a man shattered her car window with a bottle , causing the broken glass to become embedded in her neck . Ms Knapton 's family has now released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman 's injuries . Chloe Knapton , 21 -LRB- pictured left -RRB- has been left with horrific injuries and is ` unable to smile ' -LRB- right -RRB- after a stranger smashed down her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam . The 21-year-old dancer has released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman 's injuries . The incident took place when Ms Knapton was driving home from a night out on Thursday last week . Ms Knapton was driving with her friend , who was in a separate car , when she came across a bike lying across the middle of the road . Her friend stopped to get out of her vehicle to move the bike out of the way of traffic . But as she left the car , a man waiting at a nearby bus shelter came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle . The man then hurled abuse at the girl , before walking up to the Ms Knapton 's car and smashing the bottle against her window . Ms Knapton has been left with deep wounds to her shoulder , neck , nose and mouth following the attack . The impact caused glass to shatter all over Ms Knapton , leaving her with deep cuts to her face , neck and shoulders . The glass bottle even became embedded in her neck . After Ms Knapton was attacked , she managed to drive to a friend 's house nearby where she called 999 . She was then rushed to Leeds General Infirmary where she underwent surgery for her injuries . She was also given several stitches on both sides of her lips and made to stay in hospital for three days . Her mother Allyson also revealed that she can no longer smile because of the stitches around her mouth . She said : ` She ca n't smile . She ca n't eat so she has liquid food . ` They were extremely deep wounds to her shoulder and a two or three inch wound to her neck , which was embedded with bottle . ' Among her injuries , Ms Knapton was also left with a deep cut to her shoulder , a deep wound to her neck and cuts between her nose and mouth . She also lost a tooth . Mrs Knapton added that her daughter had been ` incredibly brave ' . She said : ` She was so brave . The ambulance did not arrive for an hour and 15 minutes . It was ridiculous . There was pools of blood on the pavement . ` She was taken to Leeds General Infirmary . There was glass everywhere . She has had to have stitches on both sides of her lips , inside and out , and round her nose . Ms Knapton -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- had to be rushed to Leeds General Infirmary where she underwent surgery for her injuries . She was also given several stitches and made to stay in hospital for three days . The attack took place when Ms Knapton stopped on New Road in Holmfirth , West Yorkshire -LRB- pictured -RRB- to remove a bike out of her way . ` She had three different lots of surgery and also needs dental treatment as one of teeth has gone too . ' Ms Knapton , an aspiring cruise ship dancer , runs her own dance school , KT Academy in Holmfirth . She has received hundreds of messages of support from her friends and colleagues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .