Church of England schools should stop selecting pupils on faith because it discriminates against the poor , a group of vicars has claimed . They say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby . Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos . Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos - but a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor . But the clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a C of E school , which are often high-performing . In an open letter published yesterday , an alliance of Left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for an end to religious selection . They claimed the Church was being ` turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged ' , and said it presented a ` slow-burning crisis ' . The comments , made in a letter to The Guardian , sparked anger from the Church of England , which labelled their arguments ` doctrinaire ' . The letter 's 20 signatories included Christina Baron , lay member of the General Synod , Barry Sheerman , Huddersfield Labour MP since 1979 , and Theo Hobson , a theologian and religious commentator . The letter 's 20 signatories included Christina Baron , lay member of the General Synod , Barry Sheerman -LRB- left -RRB- Huddersfield Labour MP since 1979 , and Theo Hobson , a theologian and religious commentator -LRB- right -RRB- . Simon Barrow and Jonathan Bartley of the Christian think-tank Ekklesia also signed it , as did Reverend Richard Kirker , founding member of the Lesbian and Gay Christian Movement . Also on the list were Reverend Una Kroll , a women 's equality campaigner , former teachers ' union president John Swallow and Oxford professor Keith Ward . Referring to a 2013 survey by the Sutton Trust , they said 6 per cent of parents with a child at a state-funded school admitted to attending church services in order to get their child into a Church school . They said the level of false Church attendance rose to 10 per cent among affluent parents in the socio-economic group A . The letter said : ` On a superficial level this is in the Church 's interest , as attendance figures in many parishes are inflated and the standard of our schools boosted by the admittance of children from more affluent families . ` Ultimately however the universality of the Church is being turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged . We believe this issue presents a slow-burning crisis . ` We urge the Church to review and then amend its national guidance on pupil admissions , so that schools are guided towards having open admission arrangements . ` Church of England schools should look outwards , as an expression of the warmth and generosity of its mission to the whole community . ' Yesterday , a Church spokesman said : ` The arguments set out in the letter are so flawed and inaccurate they need to be placed in special measures . ` The interpretation of the data cited is mistaken and the arguments doctrinaire . ' Rev Nigel Genders , the Church 's chief education officer , said the Church 's secondary schools have an average of 10 per cent selection by religious criteria and some have more pupils on free school meals than the national average . He continued : ` We run Christian schools for everyone , providing an inclusive and effective education , we are not -- as the article seems to imply -- running schools for middle class Christians . ' Simon Calvert , of the Christian Institute , added : ` There 's a push to try to secularise Church schools and it 's a shame that a group of liberal Anglicans are playing into that . '