Authorities in Montgomery County have released the 911 call that led to two ` free range ' getting picked up and held by police and Maryland CPS for five hours over the weekend . The unnamed caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind Rafi Meitiv , 10 , and his sister Dvora , 6 , in Silver Spring on Sunday . The 7-minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents , Danielle and Alexander Meitiv , who espouse the hands-off parenting style . The caller , who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to Washington , DC , said he saw ` two kids that are unaccompanied , and they 've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves . ' Scene : The 911 call that reignited the ` free-range ' parenting controversy for two Maryland parents has been released and reveals that Rafi Meitiv , 10 , and his sister Dvora , 6 , were picked up by police while walking through this vicinity of the Washington , DC-adjacent suburb of Silver Spring on Sunday . The operator asked , ` Have you talked to them to see , you know , why are they just walking around by themselves ? ' ` No , no , they came up and asked to pet my dog , I let them , and that was it ... I do n't want to scare them , ' he said . The man continued to tail the children , who eventually did become frightened when they realized they were being followed , until police arrived . Their parents Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free in their suburban neighborhood . But the Meitivs say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up Rafi and Dvora and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents . Picked up : Officials seized Dvora , 6 , -LRB- far left -RRB- and 10-year-old Rafi -LRB- left , blue hat -RRB- on Sunday in a Maryland park . The parents Danielle and Alexander Meitiv -LRB- right -RRB- have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours . Picked up AGAIN : The Meitivs say they were left to panic for hours by CPS workers after their children -- who they raise with a so-called ` free-range ' approach -- were picked up by police for the second time in two months while walking down the street alone . Attorney Matthew Dowd , of the firm Wiley Rein , is representing the Meitivs and on Tuesday sent a pointed letter regarding Sunday 's events . Rein wrote : . ` The actions of Maryland CPS and Montgomery County Police violate the fundamental rights parents have in raising their children . ` This fundamental , constitutional right of parents can not be infringed simply because certain governmental employees disagree with a parent 's reasoned decision on how to raise his or her children . ' The firm declined to say who the suit would be against , exactly , when asked by the Washington Post . However , the attorney has vowed to pursue ` all legal remedies ' to protect the rights of the Maryland parents . The Meitivs made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi and Dvora walking the sidewalk on their own . ` Besides the policeman pulling up ... no ' : Asked if he was scared during the hours-long ordeal Sunday , 10-year-old Rafi admitted he was , but not because he 'd been left alone with his sister . Free-range parenting is the name given to a style of raising kids in opposition to so-called ` helicopter parenting ' . ` Helicopter parents ' are named for their habit of hovering over their offspring , micro-managing their lives in an attempt to keep them safe . However critics believe this creates under-confident , over-reliant children , while also causing the parents stress . Free-range parents advocate a more hands-off approach , where children are allowed to go out and experience the world on their own . Instead of constantly monitoring activities to make sure children are safe , the emphasis is put on adults assessing risk ahead of time , and equipping children with the skills to deal with danger themselves . On Sunday , a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home . The children were picked up by police , who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS . Meanwhile , Mrs Meitiv tells Fox 5 DC that CPS workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe . What 's more , the elder child , Rafi , insists the scariest part of the hours-long ordeal was being picked up by police . ` They kept the kids for hours , ' a shaken Danielle Meitiv told Fox 5 after being reunited with them . ` It 's 10:30 at night . They 've been missing since 6 o'clock ... Somebody called 911 and the police called CPS and they decided to bring the kids here and they did n't call us . ' According to Mrs. Meitiv , the children were expected home no later than 6:30 . When 6:30 came and went , they became frantic . They would not receive a call from CPS until 8 pm . Even then , they say they were n't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours . in the interim , Rafi tells Fox 5 that initially he believed the responding police officer was simply offering them a lift . Rafi said : . ` The policeman said ` We 'll give you a ride home ' when we were like two blocks away . And two and a half hours later , after sitting in the car two and a half hours , he said ` I 'll bring you home ' and , instead , he brought us here . ' ` Here ' was Child Protective Services , Rafi said . And as he and his sister sat waiting to go home , their parents say ` upper management ' at CPS was involved in keeping that from happening . Only at 10:30 pm did Mrs. Meitiv say she was reunited with her children and only after promising not to let them off the leash . Parenting style : The Meitivs believe in giving children an unusual amount of independence from a young age . Guarantees : As part of their free-range parenting philosophy , the Meitivs make sure their children carry these badges in case someone worries and asks while they are out on the street . ` They made us sign a safety plan that says we will not leave them attended at all until they follow up , . ` And I 'm not gon na risk my kids being snatched again like this by CPS . ' When questioned , the Meitivs say they believe in a so-called ` free-range ' approach to parenting , which encourages independence from infancy . In March , the CPS found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone . It meant the agency would start a file on the family 's activities and whereabouts for at least five years . The Meitivs hit back at the ruling , insisting they would continue to bring up their own children as they see fit - whatever the consequences . Unsubstantiated child neglect is not a criminal charge , but is in most cases a prelude to such charges . It usually comes when the CPS has deemed parents to have neglected their children , but has insufficient information or witnesses to press charges or take action .