` Guys can tell if a girl is taking collagen or not . ' That 's the bizarre tagline for a new brand of Japanese beer that claims to make women beautiful . The new collagen-laced brew , created by Japanese liquor company Suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can . Scroll down for video . A new collagen-laced brew , created by Japanese liquor company Suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can . Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture , making people appear more youthful . As it gets older , the body 's reserves of collagen deplete , causing skin to lose firmness and develop wrinkles . Collagen supplements have become popular in recent years claiming to offer the ultimate anti-aging cure . But before cancel the gym for a night out , Rocketnews24 says the beer is currently on available in Japan 's northern island of Hokkaido . The company has yet to reveal how effective the beer has been in trials , or how much it costs . This is n't the first time Japan has tried to pump collagen into people . Last year Tokyo eatery , Zenyaren , revealed that has begun serving a variety of the meaty treats designed to beat wrinkles . The grilled skewers of meat come in frozen blocks of collagen gelatin so they can be licked or crunched just like an ice lolly . Last year Tokyo eatery , Zenyaren , revealed that has begun serving a variety of the meaty treats designed to beat wrinkles . The grilled skewers of meat come in frozen blocks of collagen gelatin so they can be licked or crunched just like an ice lolly . Tokyo skin expert Tatsuto Tamura explains : ` This has been popular in Japan for generations although only now is it becoming mainstream and known in the West too . ` People here seek out collagen-enriched foods such as chicken , pigs ' feet or shark fin because they believe it will help their skin , ' he added . In the US , many restaurants now serve special ` wrinkle free ' menus of dishes loaded with collagen . But the craze has not , however , impressed British skin specialists , and the British Skin Foundation claims that eating collagen does not benefit the skin in any way . Using X-ray beams , scientists were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments . It is probably the most unpleasant experiment you will read about today : what happens when your skin starts to tear . Researchers have uncovered the reason why skin is so difficult to tear even when put under extreme pressures , by cutting samples of real skin and attempting to pull them apart . They found that rather than simply tearing , mammalian skin actually has sophisticated stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding . Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments . They discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage . The findings help to explain why the thin layer of cells that cover our bodies is able to provide such an effective barrier to the outside world .