The majority of people taking antidepressants may not actually have depression , a new study claims . Researchers discovered more than two-thirds -LRB- 69 per cent -RRB- of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder , which is also known as clinical depression . Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders . But the researchers found 38 per cent of those taking the drugs did not meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder , social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either . Scroll down for video . More than two thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for clinical depression . The U.S. investigators looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors -LRB- SSRI -RRB- , the most commonly prescribed type of anti-depressant . SSRIs are usually the first choice medication for depression and other psychiatric conditions because they generally have fewer side effects than most other types of antidepressant . Writing in the report , published in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry , the researchers concluded : ` Many individuals prescribed antidepressants may not have met the criteria for mental disorders . ` Our data indicates that antidepressants are commonly used in the absence of clear evidence-based indications . ' Commenting on the study , Dr Howard Forman , medical director of the Addiction Consultation Service at Montefiore Medical Center , said clinical depression is distinct from temporary feelings of sadness . He told Medical Daily : ` We all experience periods of stress , periods of sadness , and periods of self-doubt . ` These do n't make us mentally ill , they define us as human . ' In the U.S. , official guidelines say clinical depression should be diagnosed if a person has five or more depressive symptoms over a two week period , most of the day , nearly every day . The symptoms include a depressed mood ; a loss of interested or pleasure in activities ; weight loss , weight gain or changes in appetite ; insomnia or increased desire to sleep . In the U.S. , official guidelines say clinical depression should be diagnosed if a person has five or more depressive symptoms over a two week period , most of the day , nearly every day . The symptoms include a depressed mood ; a loss of interest or pleasure in activities ; weight loss , weight gain or changes in appetite ; insomnia or increased desire to sleep . Other symptoms include restlessness or slowed behaviour ; fatigue or loss of energy ; feelings of worthlessness or excessive guilt ; difficulty making decisions or trouble concentrating , and thoughts of death or suicide . Other symptoms included restlessness or slowed behaviour ; fatigue or loss of energy ; feelings of worthlessness or excessive guilt ; difficulty making decisions or trouble concentrating , and thoughts of death or suicide . Prescriptions for anti-depressants have more than trebled since 1998 in the world 's richest countries , a study by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development found . The research noted a particular rise in in the use of SSRIs like Prozac and Seroxat . The OECD figures showed Iceland to have the highest prescribing rate , at 106 doses a day for every 1,000 inhabitants in 2011 , up from 71 a decade earlier . Behind Iceland is Australia , then Canada , Denmark , Sweden and Portugal . The lowest levels were seen in Chile and South Korea . Separate data from the US shows 11 per cent of Americans over 12-years-old use anti-depressants . As part of the new study , doctors used data from the Baltimore Epidemiologic Catchment Area -LRB- ECA -RRB- Study Wave 1 , which began in 1981 , up to Wave 4 , which ended in 2005 . In total , they used data on 1,071 participants , carrying out four interviews and assessing the use of antidepressants . They found 13 per cent of people in the group reported using antidepressants . The study found 38 per cent of SSRI users did not meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder , social phobia or generalized anxiety disorder or clinical depression -LRB- file photo -RRB- . It 's thought that SSRIs work by increasing the levels of a chemical called serotonin in the brain . Serotonin is a neurotransmitter -LRB- a messenger chemical that carries signals between nerve cells in the brain -RRB- . It 's thought to have a good influence on mood , emotion and sleep . After carrying a message , serotonin is usually reabsorbed by the nerve cells -LRB- known as ` reuptake ' -RRB- . SSRIs work by blocking -LRB- ` inhibiting ' -RRB- reuptake , meaning more serotonin is available to pass further messages between nearby nerve cells . The NHS Choices website while it would be too simplistic to say that depression and related mental health conditions are caused by low serotonin levels , a rise in serotonin levels can improve symptoms and make people more responsive to other types of treatment . Source : NHS Choices . They then assessed whether the people in this group met the criteria for a mental disorder , as laid out in the latest edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , the U.S. bible for psychiatric conditions . They found that 38 per cent of SSRI users did not meet the criteria for a mental disorder , and 69 per cent did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder . The news comes after a study found women who take antidepressants during pregnancy are more likely to have a baby with autism . The U.S. study supports previous research which has shown that taking SSRI antidepressants during pregnancy increases a woman 's risk of having a child with the developmental disability . And other American research revealed young adults taking high-dose antidepressants such as Prozac and Seroxat have double the risk of suicidal behaviour . Researchers pointed to previous studies , which found antidepressant drugs are linked with an increased risk of suicidal behaviour and thoughts in children and adolescents , particularly in the early stages of treatment .