A former ally of deposed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has been found shot to death in his home in Kiev . The Ukrainian Interior Ministry said Oleg Kalashnikov , a former member of the Ukrainian parliament , was found dead Wednesday evening . It said the he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide . Scroll down for video . The Ukrainian Interior Ministry said Oleg Kalashnikov -LRB- pictured -RRB- , a former member of the Ukrainian parliament , was found dead Wednesday evening . Kalashnikov was a former ally of deposed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Kalashnikov was a deputy for the Party of Regions in Ukraine 's previous parliament . At least six former Ukrainian government officials from Yanukovych 's time have died over the past two months in various circumstances that police have said were most likely suicides . Yanukovych fled in February 2014 after months of increasingly violent protests . He later resurfaced in Russia . Senior ministry official Anton Gerashchenko said Kalashnikov , 52 , had knowledge of the ` Anti-Maidan ' movement , which opposed pro-Western protests that ousted Yanukovich , suggesting this might be a motive for his alleged murder . The ministry had opened up a criminal case , he said . There were mass protests against Yanukovych last year in Kiev 's Maidan Square . ` Without doubt the deceased knew a lot about who financed Anti-Maidan and in what way ... He takes these secrets with him to the grave , ' Gerashchenko said . On Thursday , meanwhile , a prominent Ukrainian journalist known for his pro-Russian views was shot dead in Kiev by two masked gunmen . Oles Buzina , 45 , was known for his pro-Russian opinionpieces published in Ukraine 's Sevodnya daily newspaper , which is part of the media empire of Ukraine 's richest businessman RinatAkhmetov . He ran in last year 's election for a parliamentaryseat for the Russian Bloc party , but was not elected .