An police officer who rammed his police car into a suspect told investigators it was either ` shoot him or run him over . ' Shocking dash cam footage emerged last week which showed Marana police officer Michael Rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia . The video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero . Scroll down for video . Deliberate act : Valencia -LRB- pictured , left , in his mug shot -RRB- remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail . Police have since spoken out in defense of Rapiejko 's actions in the town of Marana , Arizona . But officer Rapiejko said that Valencia had left him with no other choice than to use potentially lethal force , according to a recording obtained by NBC station KVOA . ` He 's refused commands , he 's holding what I believe to be a locked and loaded rifle , ' said Rapiejko in the inquiry recording , who had also warned there were two officers on the street and business nearby . ` This is what I deem at this point to be a lethal force encounter . ' ` I have two thoughts that go in my mind , I need to shoot him to stop the threat or I need to run him over to stop the threat . ' Rapiejko said he had slammed his patrol car into Valencia after he allegedly fired a shot from a rifle into the air and was walking towards other officers in Marana , northwest of Tucson , Arizona on February 19 . Target : The police officer in the other vehicle warns Rapiejko that the suspect is loaded and tells him to ` stand off ' . But in apparent defiance of his advice , Rapiejo drives straight toward unsuspecting Valencia -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Horrific : Seconds later , Rapiejo 's vehicle mounts the curb -LRB- pictured -RRB- and smashes into the suspect 's body . Hit : In this screen grab , from the dashcam video , Valenica appears to turn toward the car as it strikes him . In the inquiry recording he added that he was 50 yards away from Valencia , and felt that was too great a distance to safely take a shot . In the two videos , recorded on dash cams in Rapiejko 's and another police officer 's car , Valencia is captured walking along the street carrying the weapon . He then points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out . A police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ` One round just went out . He 's definitely loaded . ' He then tells his colleague , Officer Michael Rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ` Stand off , the gun is loaded . ' But apparently ignoring his advice , Rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward Valencia . Seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body . Valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt amid debris . The other officer can be heard shouting in shock : ` Oh ! Jesus Christ , man down . ' At the end of the footage , obtained by KOLD , Rapiejko is captured emerging from his vehicle and approaching Valencia , while other cops exit their own cars with their guns raised . Valencia was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility . He was eventually booked into jail two days later . Smash : Valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall -LRB- pictured -RRB- before coming to a halt amid debris . The other cop can be heard shouting in shock : ` Oh ! Jesus Christ , man down ' High-speed : Bits of concrete can be seen sailing through the sky as Rapiejko 's patrol car continues traveling . He faces charges that include armed robbery , aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , arson , burglary and theft . Valencia 's attorney , Michelle Cohen Metzger , has called the incident an excessive use of police force , and said it was clear that Valencia was suicidal . Local police chief Terry Rozema has since spoken out to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary . Speaking to CNN , Rozema was asked if Officer Michael Rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect Mario Valencia , 36 . ` That very well may be ... that it 's luck that he is still alive . The fact of the matter remains , though , deadly force was authorized , ' Rozema said . ` So if he ends up dying in that situation , -LRB- then -RRB- he ends up dying , and that 's unfortunate , -LRB- but -RRB- that 's not the desire of everybody , ' the chief added . Pozema argued that Rapiejko may actually have saved Valencia 's life because we do n't know what he would have done next . Cracked : Valencia , was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in a serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility on February 19 . Above , Rapiejko 's car window appears to be cracked . Another view : Despite the shocking footage of the crash , Marana Police Chief Terry Rozema has defended Officer Rapiejko 's actions . Above , this dashcam video was taken from inside the other officer 's car . ` We do n't know that if -LRB- Rapiejko -RRB- lets him go for another 10 seconds , -LRB- Valencia -RRB- does n't take somebody out in the parking lot , ' Rozema said . ` And then we 're answering some completely different questions : ` Why did n't you act sooner ? ... This guy had a gun ... Why did n't you stop this guy before he shot my wife , before he shot my husband , before he shot my child ? ' Rapiejko was cleared by the prosecutor 's office and returned to work after a three-day leave , police said . An administrative review is underway . In February , Sergeant Chris Warren also appeared to support the deliberate crash , telling KOLD that Valencia ` was a dangerous felon who 'd been on a crime spree throughout the morning ' . This crime spree allegedly involved theft at a convenience store at Columbus Avenue and 29th Street , vandalism and burglary at the Tucson Baptist Temple , a home invasion and theft of a car . It culminated in the alleged theft of a rifle from Walmart at 8280 North Cortaro Road . From there , the suspect fled to 5650 West Coca Cola Place , where he was struck and injured by Rapiejko 's vehicle . Swerving : The second video shows Rapiejko 's car swerving across the road and heading toward Valencia . Life-saving ? The vehicle smashes into the suspect -LRB- the black shape in the air , between the tree and the car -RRB- . Apprehended : At the end of the footage , obtained by CBS affiliate KOLD-TV , Rapiejko can be seen emerging from his vehicle and approaching Valencia -LRB- under the tree -RRB- , while other cops emerge with their guns raised . ` He 'd just stolen a weapon , loaded it , was not obeying commands from officers and walking toward occupied businesses . It 's a busy time of morning , a lot of employees at work , ' said Sgt Warren . ` We had to take immediate action and make sure he did n't get inside those businesses . ' Rapiejko was put on standard administrative leave after the crash , because it was considered use of force . However , the Pima County Attorney 's Office cleared the officer of any wrongdoing and he is back on the force , Sgt Warren said . Valencia , meanwhile , is facing several felony charges for his ` spree ' . Valencia had already been approached by police near a post office following the alleged Walmart theft , it is reported . There , he had apparently threatened suicide , before firing the gun and fleeing . This latest incident following cell phone footage earlier this month capturing South Carolina police officer Michael Slager fatally shotting Water Scott , 50 , five times in the back as he was running away .