Gary Mabbutt has spoken for the first time about how he was left with a 30 inch scar following a five hour operation to save his leg . The ex-Tottenham and England star , 53 , was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1 am to find that the leg had gone cold back in 2013 . Mabbutt 's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was ` touch and go ' on whether it would have to be amputated . Gary Mabbutt has been left with a 30inch scar on his left leg after his diabetes caused an artery to be clogged . He was treated at King 's College Hospital in south east London , undergoing an emergency five-hour operation . Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound . Mabbutt , who was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17 , will not be able to play football again , leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters . As he is unable to train with players on the pitch , he has been forced to turn down roles in coaching . Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal it . The Spurs legend has spoken for the first time about the agony he went through and says he hopes to raise awareness of his condition . Speaking to The Sun , he said : ` When they talked about battling to save my leg , I realised I was helpless . As a diabetic you know complications can occur . But you think `` It 's never going to happen to me '' . It is vital to educate everyone with diabetes how to take care of themselves . If you have anything unusual with your feet , tingly toes , blisters , see your doctor . ' In 1982 , father-of-two Mabbutt became the first diabetic ever to play for England and captained Tottenham to FA cup glory in 1991 . Former star : Mabbutt is pictured , left , lifting the FA Cup while playing for Tottenham in 1991 . He was unaware that his diabetes had triggered peripheral arterial disease , clogging up the blood vessels in the legs . Every year , surgeons perform around 8,000 amputations on diabetics in the UK - but campaigners say four out five could be prevented . Amputations cost the NHS £ 650million a year - and up 80 per cent of the amputees die within five years . Diabates sufferers are entitled to annual eye tests as they are are 20 times more likely to develop sight problems , but Gary Mabbutt wants a similar programme to apply to feet . Experts say millions of diabetics are unaware their condition could lead to foot problems and agree regular checks could save limbs .