Mothers across the globe have been left outraged by an alleged religious community that is criticizing moms for having cesarean sections instead of natural childbirths -- creating a series of insulting campaign images , or memes , that claim they ` did n't really give birth ' . The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share , and comment on , the group 's anti-cesarean memes , expressing their disgust at the outrageous messages they express ; the community , led by Father Patrick Embry , is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame ` lazy ' and ` negligent ' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections . ` Face the facts : You did n't really give birth . You caught a lucky break . Please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done , ' reads one of the group 's Facebook memes , which has been shared nearly 80,000 times since it was posted on Sunday . Alarming message : This controversial anti-cesarean meme posted on the Disciples of the New Dawn 's Facebook page on Sunday has been shared nearly 80,000 times . Propaganda : The religious community claims women will be ` cast into the lake of fire ' if they undergo a C-section . ` Good advice from Matriarch Graber on behalf of The Circle of Matriarchs , ' the Disciples of the New Dawn captioned the controversial image featuring a woman 's C-section scar . The post continued : ` They have delivered many babies over the years , NATURALLY and not once has needed a C-Section or pharmaceutical toxins . Pregnancy is a beautiful thing as it is the zenith of a woman 's role in a moral Christian society . If God has decided to call you home , it is not up to you or a doctor to reject Him . You may find yourself cast into the lake of fire for doing so . God 's Peace -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Although some reporters claimed to have spoken with Mr Embry , many question the existence of the extreme religious community and the validity of its messages . And while it remains unclear as to whether or not the page was created with the sole intention of inciting fury , its most recent postings have taken the internet by storm . Not scientific : This meme alleges that women who avoid vaccination are ` more likely ' to have a natural vaginal birth . Public shaming : This meme featuring a mom in a bikini states that women should n't flaunt their stomachs after having cesarean sections because they did n't take care of themselves while they were pregnant . Scare tactics : The community added this picture caption to the meme to remind women that God is always ` watching ' and ` judging ' Thousands of women are sharing their stories and reasons for undergoing C-sections in the comment sections of the images , which claim there is ` no medical need ' for cesareans . ` I am proud to have had a C-section ! I was in labor for 3 days , ' Barri Lynne Thomas wrote today . ` We found out my baby was stuck on my pelvis face up ! If they would have simply moved her giving birth naturally I could have killed her ! -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Sara Jane Schwarz asked : ` How is it a lucky break ? Getting a C-section means that the baby 's and or the mother 's life is in danger . ' She continued : ` Birth is a miracle . It should not be played down or slandered like this group has done . It 's a disgrace to women everywhere for this group to post such a hurtful and tactless post . It does n't matter how one gives birth . All that matters is that there is birth of new life and everyone is safe and healthy . ' Not true : This controversial meme claims that women who have C-sections ` do so because of decades of drug abuse and alcohol dependence ' Unfair claims : The Disciples of the New Dawn also believe that there is ` no medial need ' for cesarean sections when giving birth . Outrageous accusation : The group called women who have C-sections ` lazy ' parents . ` Ignorance is bliss . May God forgive your stupidity , ' Wendy Comfort added . And Cassie Wallace noted : ' 8,304 ppl LIKED THIS POST ? See , to me , that 's the scariest part ... -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Meanwhile , others are breathing new life into old petitions looking to remove the group 's page from Facebook because of its history of ` severe hate speech ' and ` sexism ' . 2,500 new supporters have joined one online petition on Change.org today . ` I am signing this because of the hatred and condemnation they give to mothers who were not able to have a ` natural vaginal ' birth and they are saying anyone who did not have this type of birth was due to drugs or ` being a little w **** , ' one woman from Texas explained . Nothing new : The Dawn of the New Disciples has a history of being accused of being sexist and hateful towards women . Dangerous thinking : The religious group claims that sticking to gender stereotypes is the key to a healthy and happy household . Impressionable minds : This disturbing image was allegedly drawn by a child and shared on the group 's Junior Disciples page , which was created for younger members of the sect . She continued : ` This is very demeaning to women and mothers . It also makes claims that any mother who chose a C-section committed a SIN and should have refused it even if it mean death for both the mother and child . ' Dawn of the New Disciples currently runs numerous pro-life , pro-gun Twitter accounts and Facebook pages including The Dawn Guard Militia and Junior Disciples , a community for its younger members , which features disturbing religious images allegedly created by children . One picture , which was posted in February , shows Jesus smiling while surrounded by guns . ` The Lord has given us many wonderful blessings in our life . None more precious than the God given right to bear arms . Every firearm is an extension of his hand . Every round like a heavenly embrace from Jesus himself , upon your adversary , ' the group had captioned the controversial drawing . Violent thoughts : This childlike drawing shows Jesus smiling as he is surrounded by guns and a bloody knife . Loaded message : The picture was accompanied by this caption , which alleges that ` every firearm is an extension ' of God 's hand . Family affair : This photo of three young boys brandishing guns was shared on The Dawn Guard Militia page , which is also run by the religious community .