A former New York City investment banker faces trial in eastern Long Island on charges he raped a woman he took home after celebrating his birthday at a Hamptons nightclub . Jason Lee , 38 , a former managing director at Goldman Sachs , was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of East Hampton . Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100,000 bail . He has opted for a non-jury trial before Suffolk County Court Judge Barbara Kahn . Charged : Former Goldman Sachs managing director Jason Lee , 38 , faces charges of allegedly raping a 20-year-old Irish woman in the Hamptons in August 2013 . Lee 's attorney , Manhattan lawyer Andrew Lankler , did not respond to email and telephone messages seeking comment . A lawyer who represented Lee at his arraignment in 2013 said his client was innocent and that the sex was consensual . Prosecutors said Lee was celebrating his birthday at Georgica restaurant and lounge in Wainscott when he invited the woman and her friends back to his rental home for a pool party . The woman , a then-20-year-old Irish student said that once at the house , Lee undressed , forced his way into a bathroom and pinned her to the floor . Scene : This is the house on Clover Leaf Lane in East Hampton , New York , where the sexual assault allegedly occurred . Restaurant : The group met at Georgica 's restaurant and lounge , pictured , popular with the jetset summer crowd of East Hampton . Suffolk County District Attorney Tom Spota said the woman was treated at a hospital following the assault . A nurse , who was trained in sexual assault cases , examined the woman after the alleged incident and said her injuries , including bruises , were consistent with her allegations , according to the Irish Times . At the time of the incident , police who arrived at the house reportedly found the banker cowering in his Range Rover . It also emerged Lee 's own friend , Rene Duncan , called the police , believing one of the alleged victim 's friends had stolen a car from Lee 's rental home . Accused : Lee was a managing director for Goldman Sachs and works at the investment bank 's headquarters at 200 West Street in Lower Manhattan . A representative from the company said he left the firm last year . But when police arrived , the young woman 's brother drew a female officer aside and led her into the house where his sobbing sister reported she had been raped , according to The East Hampton Star . A source told the newspaper that Lee then went to the driveway of the $ 33,000-a-month summer home he was renting , got into his late model Range Rover , which was dark with tinted windows , and hid . But officers soon found him cowering inside , the source said . One of the other foreign students borrowed Duncan 's car to drive home another friend and did not return , prompting Duncan to call the cops . However , the car was found the next day . Spota said the woman was was working in the U.S. at the time and was visiting her brother in the Hamtons . She is expected to return to the United States from Ireland to testify during the trial . Opening statement are scheduled for Wednesday morning . A Goldman Sachs spokesman said Lee left the firm sometime last year ; he had worked in the equity capital markets department .