A Wall Street banker raped an Irish student in a ` disgusting , violent attack ' because he was determined to have sex on his birthday , a court heard on Wednesday . Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to ` shut the f *** up ' so her friends in the next room would not hear . The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ` hysterical ' state she was unable to talk . Lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was ` no big deal ' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene : ` We 're good , you can go ' , the court heard . Lee walked hand in hand with his wife Alicia into New York Suffolk County Court on Wednesday . Former Goldman Sachs managing director Jason Lee , 38 , faces charges of allegedly raping a 20-year-old Irish woman in the Hamptons in August 2013 . The rape allegedly happened when Lee , 38 , invited the victim and her friends to party at his rented $ 33,000-a-month mansion in the Hamptons on Long Island , New York during the summer of 2013 . On the first day of the trial , Kerriann Kelly , the Chief of the Major Crime Bureau at Suffolk District Attorney 's office , said that Lee and his victim were ` from such different worlds that they might have been from different planets ' . She had spent the summer in New York on a J-1 student work visa and was staying with her brother for a night out before flying home to Ireland . Lee was a high flying executive at Goldman Sachs who lives in Manhattan , but Miss Kelly said : ` What you see is not always what you get ' . She told the court : ` What you see in the court room this morning is a defendant dressed in a very professional suit , his hair is nicely combed . he is copiously taking notes as I speak . ` That 's not the same individual the victim encountered in the early morning of August 20 2013 . Not even close . ` What she encountered was a man who wanted one thing and one thing only , and that thing was sex . He used her to get it . ' Lee has pleaded not guilty to first-degree rape , sexual misconduct and third-degree assault charges . He could face 25 years in jail if convicted . On Wednesday he walked into Suffolk District Court wearing a dark suit hand in hand with his wife Alicia , who sat in the public gallery . The court was told that Lee and his friend Rene Duncan met the victim and her friends at the trendy Georgica restaurant and lounge in Wainscott on August , 19 2013 . The two men were there celebrating Lee 's 37th birthday and they invited the Irish group back to his mansion a short distance away . Miss Kelly said that they were having a good time partying the night away , drinking wine and eating pizza they found in the freezer . The victim and her female friend stripped down to their underwear and got in the pool but Lee got completely naked and jumped in after them . Afterwards , around 6 am , the victim went into a downstairs bathroom to change , and she ` became aware that Jason Lee was trying to force his way into the bathroom by pushing open the bathroom door , ' Miss Kelly said . ` The victim saw him , he was naked , and she thought : `` Is this a joke ? '' She pushed back and said : `` What do you think you 're doing ? '' ' Miss Kelly said that the victim pushed so hard she left her fingerprints on the door , but Lee was too strong and forced the door open . As he did so she went flying onto her back , hurting her hip and scratching her leg . Miss Kelly said : ` Now he had her exactly where he wanted her , on the floor , on her back and he climbed on top of her and he held her down . ' The victim tried to shove him off but she was unable to . Miss Kelly said : ` She asked him to get off her . She told him : `` No '' ' . Lee has denied first-degree rape , sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and could face 25 years in jail if convicted . ` The defendant put his hand over her mouth and held his hand down so hard that the victim tried to bite him but was unable to . ` Then he told her to shut the f *** up , shut the f *** up . ` He did n't want anyone to interrupt what he wanted to do at that time and in that place - on his birthday ' . Miss Kelly described how Lee pulled up her dress , pulled down her underwear and raped her . She said : ` He had no regard for her . ` He had no condom and the 37-year-old Jason Lee you see before you here had no regard for the 20-year-old Irish girl who was just visiting -LRB- her brother -RRB- . ` He took advantage of her because he wanted to have sex and because he was going to do whatever he had to do to get it ' . Miss Kelly said that the attack only stopped when the victim managed to knee him in the genitals , making him ` back off in pain ' . As she waked out of the bathroom the victim was ` hysterical and crying ' , Miss Kelly said . Miss Kelly said : ` She could n't say what was wrong to her . Lee was a managing director for Goldman Sachs and works at the investment bank 's headquarters at 200 West Street in Lower Manhattan . A representative from the company said he left the firm last year . ` Her brother was upset and said : `` What 's happened to my sister ? What went on in that room ? '' ' ` The victim could n't speak she was so hysterical . ' The police were called by Mr Duncan because he thought that his car had been stolen , though the court was told that he had actually loaned it to some of the victim 's friends who had left earlier . During the call to the 911 dispatcher Lee allegedly said : ` It 's not big deal , there is no problem here , we do n't need you to come to this house ' . The victim 's brother however insisted they come and said : ` There 's something wrong with my sister ' . Lee was the the first to approach East Hampton police officer Sarah Mortensen when she arrived at the mansion and told her : ` We 're good , you can go . We do n't need you . We have got this under control ' . However the victim 's brother also approached her and said that Lee had ` done something to my sister ' . The victim then got into the officer 's car and recounted her ordeal , at which point she called for backup . During this time Lee disappeared and would not be found for two hours , the court was told . Whilst in hiding he called Mr Duncan numerous times , called two taxis - one of which was turned away by officer Mortensen - and tried to hail an Uber taxi multiple times . He was eventually found in a Range Rover parked in the driveway which had tinted windows ` curled up in the fetal position ' , Miss Kelly said . When asked by a police officer what he was doing , he said he was 'em barrassed ' and ` fell asleep ' That night the victim was taken to be examined by a sexual assault nurse who found she had injuries to her vagina . She also had a scratch almost the entire length of her leg , an injury that was consistent with her account of the incident . The house on Clover Leaf Lane in East Hampton , New York , where the sexual assault allegedly occurred . At that point the victim realised that she did not have her dress and could not find it . Search warrants were executed on Lee 's rental home but it was nowhere to be found . The court was told that seven months later a private investigator working for Lee delivered it to prosecutors in a box - there was no explanation why or how . In his defence Lee has hired Andrew Lankler , one of the top white collar criminal defense attorneys in New York . In his opening statement Mr Lankler said that the prosecution had been ` rushed ' and that there were ` critical inconsistencies in the stories provided by the victim and the witnesses ' . He said that the bathroom where the alleged rape happened was 12 feet from where the victim 's brother and her friend were but that they did not hear a noise . He said that the facts were ` entirely consistent with the circumstances under which consensual sex occurs ' but that it could have been ` perhaps regrettable consensual sex ' . Before the allegation of rape the evening had been fun for all concerned and everyone had been taking pictures together , he said . Mr Lankler said : ` This is not a case that involves an allegation of rape in some back alley between people who are completely unknown to each other ' . The trial continues .