Queensland toddler Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet before dying in severe distress of internal injuries , a court has heard.Shocking allegations of the circumstances surrounding the three-year-old 's 2013 death were revealed on Wednesday as family friend who was charged with the toddlers manslaughter was granted bail . The bail hearing revealed that Kyhesha-Lee suffered blows to her stomach causing severe bowel damage - ultimately leading to her death . The bail hearing revealed Kyesha-Lee succumbed to massive bowel injuries after being struck days before her death . Kyhesha-Lee was in the care of her father Matthew Lee Williamson and Christopher Arthur Neville Kent who have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty . Crown prosecutor Vicki Loury alleged the toddler also suffered a penetrative injury to her vagina three days before her death . She was not seen of or heard of by anyone else in the five days prior to her death , although another man visited the home the night before Kyhesha-Lee died . ` She was by that stage in severe distress , extremely unwell , ' Ms Loury told the court . Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father , forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room . Kyhesha-Lee 's body was found days after she suffered the blows - allegedly in squalid surroundings - at the unit she shared with her father in Petrie , north of Brisbane , on March 30 , 2013 . Kent , 46 , was granted bail in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on Wednesday after the court heard he 'd offered to plead guilty on the basis of criminal negligence . Williamson allegedly locked his daughter in the bedroom while he slept during the day , forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room . Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent , who also lived in the house and cared for the child in the days prior to her death , are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty . They have both been released on bail . Evidence of the child 's blood had been found on Kent 's shorts . ` It was a small unit , he must have been aware of what was happening with the child , ' Ms Loury said . Chief Magistrate Ray Rinaudo agreed with Kent 's barrister Soraya Ryan that the accused no longer presented a risk of fleeing or re-offending on bail . Kyhesha-Lee 's body was found - allegedly in squalid surroundings - at the unit she shared with her father in Petrie , north of Brisbane , on March 30 , 2013 . Magistrate Rinaudo said he was ultimately swayed by Kent 's steps towards taking responsibility for the ` tragic ' events by his plea offer . Kent was bailed with strict conditions including daily reporting to police and restrictions on entering the homes of children under 16 . Both he and Williamson are due to face a committal hearing next month . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .