Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury that leaves the Barclays Premier League leaders with no fit strikers ahead of their game against Arsenal on Sunday . Drogba has withdrawn from Monday 's ` Match against Poverty ' in St Etienne to add to the Blues ' injury woes upfront after Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday 's 1-0 win over Manchester United . The Ivorian centre forward played the full 90 minutes in Chelsea 's last two games , wins over Queens Park Rangers and United , but is now a potential doubt for Sunday 's trip to the Emirates Stadium with the ankle problem . Chelsea 's Didier Drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury . Drogba has withdrawn from Monday 's ` Match against Poverty ' after playing against Manchester United . Ander Herrera is tackled by Drogba during an all-action performance in the 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge . Drogba posted on Twitter : ` Disappointed not to be able to play the #MAP2015 because of an ankle injury but still supporting #EbolaResponse . ' When one follower claimed Drogba was pulling out to avoid an injury before the end of the season , the 37-year-old replied : ` I 'm already injured if you can read well my friend . ' Costa returns to training with the first-team squad this week , but Chelsea may be reluctant to throw him in from the start against Arsenal , given how he broke down with the hamstring problem that has troubled him for much of the season against Stoke City . Remy was not even on the bench against United despite manager Jose Mourinho saying he had a better than 50/50 chance of appearing at Stamford Bridge . Dominic Solanke , a 17-year-old with just one first-team appearance , was the only recognised striker among the substitutes . The Blues need nine points from their remaining six games to guarantee a first Premier League title in five years , although they could be celebrating as early as April 29 if they win at Arsenal and then against Leicester City . Diego Costa returns to training with the first-team squad this week but may not be thrown in against Arsenal . Loic Remy -LRB- right -RRB- has also suffered from injury problems and was not ready to return against United . Dominic Solanke , pictured with the UEFA Youth League trophy , was the only striker on the bench on Saturday . After the win over United , when asked if Chelsea were celebrating winning the title early , Drogba said : ` You should never celebrate too early . You must respect the championship , respect the other teams . Until we are champions and even then , we respect the other teams . ' Aside from their three forwards , Chelsea are without any other injuries heading into Sunday 's game .