The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday . The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher by filling the sky with brightly coloured hot-air balloons in a spectacular display . As the balloons hovered above the small community of Canowindra in the central west region of NSW , hundreds gathered on Sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be . More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up and met her fiance Aaron Leeson Woolley . ` When we heard about Stephanie we decided to have a tribute . We had people here from France , Russia and Canada - they joined in because they could see our pain , ' event organiser Jan Kerr said . ` It was magic to see . ' Orange resident Mark Andrew , who travelled to Canowindra on Sunday to pay his respects to the murdered teacher said it was a beautiful opportunity to honour Ms Scott . ` It was a surreal start to a sad and poignant day , ' Mr Andrew told Daily Mail Australia . ` The only sounds were those of the burners on the balloons as they prepared to take off . The moment of take off was quite profoundly emotional . ` The silent gathering was akin to that at the ANZAC dawn service which is topical . ' Scroll down for video . More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies in Stephanie Scott 's hometown Canowindra on Sunday morning . The town paid tribute to the much-loved teacher by filling the sky with brightly coloured hot-air balloons and smaller yellow balloons . The latest tribute comes just one week after Ms Scott was murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years . Family and friends of the pair had flown from around the world to attend their big day , but are now bracing themselves to attend her funeral . Efforts to find out exactly what happened to Stephanie are continuing with forensic specialists expected to carry out a post-mortem on the body on Monday . The burned remains were found by police just five metres from a road in the Cocoparra National Park in the NSW Riverina region at about 5 pm on Friday . A source told AAP that police believe Ms Scott was dead before she reached the bushland . Scores of hot-air balloons flooded the sky above the 26-year-old 's birthplace . Hometown of Ms Scott paid tribute to the murdered teacher with a stunning hot-air balloon display . Balloons hovering above Ms Scott 's hometown , where hundreds gathered to mourn the tragic death of the 26-year-old school teacher . School cleaner Vincent Stanford , who moved to Leeton from The Netherlands over a year ago with his mother and brother , was charged with her murder . The 24-year-old was charged after police allegedly found a camera with images of a burned body and blood in his white Toyota Hilux on Wednesday night . NSW police are reportedly expected to make inquiries with their counterparts in the Netherlands as part of their investigation into Stephanie 's death . In the wake of the English and drama teacher 's alleged murder , her workplace has become a makeshift shrine with yellow flowers , balloons and messages building by the day . She spent most of her life growing up in Canowindra where she also met her partner of five years Aaron Leeson Woolley . Stephanie Scott pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley , was last seen on Easter Sunday just days before her wedding . Hundreds gathered on Sunday to honour the much-loved school teacher as dozens of balloons were launched into the sky . Brightly coloured hot-air balloons flew through the sky . Several balloons hovered above the small community on Sunday . Her family returned to the school memorial on Sunday , as they have each day since the tragedy , to read tributes left by mourners . Investigators were reportedly led to the bushland where Stephanie 's body was found by triangulating off Stanford 's mobile phone and with the help of Stanford 's mother and brother . It is understood Stanford went on regular camping trips to the national park where the body was found and had spent many a lot of time there in the past . Over the weekend Ms Scott 's body was transported to the Glebe morgue in Sydney and is expected to undergo a post-mortem on Monday morning . Loved ones released yellow balloons into the air at the picnic to commemorate the life of Ms Scott . Hundreds of yellow balloons were released in memory of Ms Scott , a much-loved school teacher who was due to be married on Saturday . ` Stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman , ' Mr Scott said at his daughter 's memorial service on Saturday . The hot-air balloon event comes just a day after Ms Scott 's family , fiance and friends held a heart-wrenching memorial service at a park for the bride-to-be on what was meant to be her happiest day on Saturday . Her fiance sobbed into his hands on the same day he was meant to watch his wife-to-be walk down the aisle towards him at a country wedding but instead , he released yellow balloons for his slain partner . While her father Robert Scott gave a moving tribute in front of those who knew the beloved teacher on behalf of his family and friends at Mountford Park in Leeton . Hundreds donned yellow as they gathered in a park at Leeton as her father asked the supportive community to remember Ms Scott as the ` bright , bubbly , intelligent and fun-loving ' woman she was . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .