That 's me and ` Daddy . ' Karl Lagerfeld and Choupette . Her trademark hair is thick , glossy and silky smooth . Her sapphire blue eyes are piercing and stare icily ahead making little effort to disguise the contempt she feels for all before her . The lady in question is Choupette , the moody French sensation taking the modelling world by storm and who , last year , clawed in over £ 2 million in fees , outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment Cara Delevingne . Designer Karl Lagerfeld says : ` She is the centre of the world , when you see her you understand . She is kind of Greta Garbo . It 's the way she moves , the way she plays . There 's something unforgettable about her . She is an inspiration for elegance . ' But this starlet who has bewitched the creative director of fashion house Chanel is no leggy clothes horse , in fact her legs -- all four of them -- are on the short side . For Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride , joy , and slightly disturbing obsession , of Lagerfeld -- or ` Daddy ' as he calls himself when talking to his pet . Choupette is so famous she has notched up over 100,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram , boasts a Wikipedia entry and does n't get out of her bed for less than a million quid . Her earnings came from just two jobs , one for Japanese cosmetics company Shu Uemura to whom she lent her name for a special capsule collection . The other was posing for German car brand Opel . In keeping with her first-class pedigree , Choupette would never promote cheap brands . ` I do n't allow it , she 's far too sophisticated for that , ' sneers the pony-tailed Lagerfeld , who admits to being in love with his feline muse . ` There is no marriage allowed between humans and animals , ' he said regretfully in an interview recently . ` I never thought I would fall in love with a cat . ' Choupette and the Chanel chief are rarely apart , living , eating and sleeping together with their respective entourages trailing in their wake . Yes , Choupette has her own six-strong team at her beck and call whether they 're catering for her very faddy diet , stocking up on her favourite beauty products or just tickling her furry tummy . While most moggies start their day with a tin of supermarket pet food , Choupette 's tastes are a little more refined . She 's not so much the cat who got the cream as the cat who got the bespoke mineral water , specially blended for her using a cocktail of Swiss , Swedish , British and German water by Le Water Bar Colette in Paris . Let me eat cake - as that other famous French glamour puss , Marie Antoinette , almost said . I travel in style and I refuse to go anywhere unless it 's in this £ 1,660 Louis Vuitton pet carrier . She does n't demean herself by eating her food from the floor but dines perched on the table beside her Daddy . When it comes to her diet she laughs in the face of Whiskas and Felix . All her food is prepared by her personal chef Patrice who creates several dishes at a time including liver pate , chicken and asparagus and fresh fish . All morsels are served in her favourite silver dishes made for her by French luxury goods company Goyard . When not dining at home Choupette likes to eat in some of the finest eateries . Restaurants in Paris are n't exactly known for welcoming humans with open arms , let alone animals , but when you 're a superstar like Choupette , escorted by the head of France 's most iconic fashion house , then no maitre d' is going to tell you to ` casse toi ' -LRB- get lost -RRB- . Flicking through the apps on my iPad keeps me entertained on my private jet , before a little catnap on the pilot 's lap . The famous La Voltaire retaurant on the banks of the Seine will prepare a special ` Choupette 's Eggs ' dish for their fussy feline diner , a concotion of chopped boiled eggs infused with fresh mint . Over at Cafe De Flore they offer Croquettes a la Choupette -LRB- potato croquettes with minced beef -RRB- . The one thing her personal vet Madame Horn has put her foot down about , however , is her penchant for beluga caviar . No , it 's not the extortionate price -LRB- as if -RRB- , rather the fact it 's far too high in salt and fat . Besides , a girl needs to watch her weight and Choupette likes to stay at a trim 7 lb 11oz . Perhaps the extraordinary thing about Choupette is that , strictly speaking , she was stolen -- catnapped -- by Lagerfeld who was only meant to look after her for her a fortnight as a favour to her original owner , French model Baptiste Giabiconi . When Baptiste returned from his skiing trip he was told that Karl had taken such a shine to his kitty that he would n't be handing her back . Given that Baptiste was the male face of Chanel , he was hardly going to argue with the boss . I told my Twitter followers : ` The French do n't need to bathe so much , that 's what perfume is for , oui ? Lagerfeld perfume , naturally . This is me promoting Opel cars . It was exhausting work but I must say the money was rather good . Since then Choupette has published an autobiography -- a glossy 128-page coffee table affair called The Private Life of A High-Flying Fashion Cat in which her two personal maids Francoise and Marjorie -LRB- one for day , one for night , darling -RRB- regale us with details of her fabulous life . It was in the book that we learned Choupette -LRB- who Lagerfeld claims : ` is like a woman spoiled to death ' -RRB- travels everywhere by private jet . She likes to curl up in the lap of the pilot for the duration of the flight or -LRB- I kid you not -RRB- entertain herself flicking through pages on her personal iPad . Choupette likes to summer in Provence and splits the rest of the time between Paris , New York and Monte Carlo . She 's backstage when her Daddy exhibits his new collections but snubs the after-show bashes . ` She 's not a party animal , ' says Lagerfeld . ` She likes her sleep . ' And , just like Daddy , Choupette hates to be around children . It 's the job of maids to pack her custom-made Louis Vuitton trunks for her trips away and be sure to include her array of beauty and grooming products , including eye drops and brushes and oils for her fur which is combed every day -- no fur balls . With so much effort put into her looks , it 's no wonder Choupette has already graced the cover of Vogue on two occasions . In December 2014 she featured on the front of Brazilian Vogue in the arms of model Gisele Bundchen and , back in July 2013 , she snuggled up to Linda Evangelista on the cover of German Vogue . This is the bed I share with my fashion designer ` Daddy . ' We both love antique French lace . The fashion designer said of Choupette , ` It 's all in the eyes , the eyes , the eyes ... it 's how she communicates ' It must be said that Choupette has only one look but , according to Karl , that does n't matter : ` It 's all in the eyes , the eyes , the eyes ... it 's how she communicates . ' Lagerfeld has already designed a range of accessories -LRB- Monster Choupette -RRB- in his pet 's honour . Items in the collection include socks for £ 25 , a keyring for £ 90 and £ 300 shopping bags , all adorned with a white cat motif . He 's not saying what 's next in the pipleine for his ` moody little princess ' , but one thing 's for sure , when it comes to glamour pusses they do n't come any bigger -- or richer -- than this one .