Mark Hughes thinks Tom Jones is stopping Stoke City from qualifying for Europe . But on the green , green grass of home , his side were the ones denting hopes of facing the Continent 's elite teams with this 2-1 victory over Ronald Koeman 's Southampton . The Stoke manager believes Jones 's hit Delilah , belted out regularly by the Britannia Stadium hordes , is causing his side to be marked down in UEFA 's Fair Play League because of its violent theme and thus affecting their chances of qualifying for the Europa League . Charlie Adam scored a late winner as Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at home to Ronald Koeman 's Southampton . Scottish international midfielder Adam strikes for goal as Southampton attacker Sadio Mane looks on at the Britannia Stadium . The Scottish midfielder wheels away in celebration as he helps Stoke City beat Southampton at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday afternoon . Adam is joined by Stoke City team-mate Marko Arnautovic who congratulates the Scottish international on his goal against Southampton . Adam wheels away in celebration and is followed by Stoke City striker Peter Crouch at a sun-filled Britannia Stadium . Stoke -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Begovic 7 ; Cameron 7 , Shawcross 6.5 , Wollscheid 7 , Pieters 7 ; Nzonzi 6.5 , Whelan 6.5 -LRB- Sidwell 76 , 6 -RRB- ; Walters 6 , Ireland 5 -LRB- Adam 45 , 8 -RRB- , Arnautovic 7 ; Diouf 7 -LRB- Crouch 76 , 6 -RRB- . Subs : Butland , Bardsley , Wilson , Teixeira , . Hughes : 7 . Southampton -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Davis 6 ; Clyne 6.5 , Fonte 6.5 , Yoshida 6 , Bertrand 6 -LRB- Long 86 -RRB- ; Alderweireld 7 , Schneiderlin 7 ; Mane 7 , Davis 6 -LRB- Elia 86 -RRB- , Tadic 5 -LRB- Ward-Prowse 67 -RRB- , Pelle 6 . Subs : Gazzaniga , Gardos , Reed , Targett . Koeman : 6 . Referee : Mark Clattenburg . Star Man : Charlie Adam . Charlie Adam 's goal secured an impressive come back . Click HERE for more Match Zone . However , after Morgan Schneiderlin prodded Southampton into a deserved lead , a second-half turnaround with goals from Mame Diouf and Charlie Adam damaged the visitors hopes of finishing in the top four -- and had the Stoke fans belting out their favourite 60s hit . Hughes said : ` We are not going to get too many Fair Play points today . ` The key was that we got three Premier League points , though . ' The result had Koeman acknowledging that the Saints ' unlikely march to the top four was over . ` Sometimes I have to answer questions about Champions League football , ' he said . ` I do n't like that because the distance to fourth place is five points and now maybe it is eight . We are fighting for a Europa League place -- that 's our Champions League . You have to see it like that . ' Mame Biram Diouf is joined by teammate Jon Walters as the Stoke City duo celebrate their equaliser at the Britannia Stadium . Steven Nzonzi is quick to congratulate Diouf on his goal against Champions League chasing Southampton at the Britannia Stadium . French international Morgan Schneiderlin gives Ronald Koeman 's Champions League chasing Southampton the lead at the Britannia Stadium . Hughes is entitled to be happy , with his side in ninth spot with five matches to play . Survival in the Premier League , always the priority in these parts , was secured as early as March , leaving the manager , with the ink drying on a four-year contract , to set new targets . He wants Stoke to better last year 's points tally of 50 and secure consecutive top-half finishes in the top flight for the first time in 40 years , and this result leaves such feats on the cards . Victory was unlikely in a one-sided first half . Southampton , who had wasted chances , eventually took one when Jose Fonte rose at the near post to divert Steven Davis 's corner goalwards but was denied by a goal-hanging Schneiderlin , who got the final touch before it crossed the line . Graziano Pelle should have doubled the lead when played in by a lively Sadio Mane but Stoke goalkeeper Asmir Begovic saved well to leave Koeman ruing his side 's profligacy . ` I think we played very well in the first 45 minutes and were by far better team , ' he said . ` Maybe we could have been more clinical in the box but in general we played well today , we played at least at our level and it 's important to keep that for rest of the season . ' For all Southampton 's dominance Stoke should have been level when Geoff Cameron flicked on a Marko Arnautovic free-kick only for an unmarked Steven Nzonzi to inexplicably miss from no more than two yards out . Jose Fonte celebrates with team-mate Schneiderlin as Southampton grabbed the lead against Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium . Schneiderlin celebrates the first goal with his team-mates during the Barclays Premier League match between Stoke City and Southampton . They did go level following the arrival of Adam from the bench , albeit in exceptionally fortunate circumstances . When Nzonzi mis-hit a cross into the sky there were groans . When it landed on the bar and Diouf slammed home the rebound they turned into disbelieving cheers . The first Delilah of the day duly followed , with Adam urged to shoot wherever he picked up the ball . With six minutes remaining he did just that , lashing home following a goalmouth scramble to bring that song out again . ` I think he played the initial ball into the box , followed his ball in and thankfully it has dropped to him , ' said an admiring Hughes . ` It 's great technique . He knows exactly what he is doing . He has hit it into the ground and that has made it even harder for the keeper to save it . ' Adam 's fellow substitute Peter Crouch could have piled on the agony for Koeman after being teed up by Jonathan Walters but scuffed his shot wide from six yards . More misery for the Saints arrived in injury time when Toby Alderweireld went down clutching a shoulder and was carried off on a stretcher , although he is expected to be fit for the remainder of the run-in . Regardless , Koeman was certainly laughing no more . Southampton striker Graziano Pelle had his chances but he failed to take them as Southampton lost to Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium . Ryan Bertrand and Geoff Cameron go head-to-head for the ball in the sunshine at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday afternoon . Diouf competes with Fonte during the Barclays Premier League match between Stoke City and Southampton at the Britannia Stadium . French duo Nzonzi and Schneiderlin battle for the ball during the Premier League clash between Stoke City and Southampton . Ronald Koeman applauds the adoring Southampton fans as their dreams of Champions League qualification all but ended .