Villarreal 's slide continued as a Diego Castro header gave Getafe a 1-1 draw in La Liga on Sunday but the match was overshadowed by a serious looking injury to Mateo Musacchio . The Villarreal defender was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go after his ankle appeared to buckle when he was running for the ball . The Argentine underwent a successful operation after being taken to hospital , where he was diagnosed with a broken left ankle . Villarreal 's Mateo Musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play . As he closes in on the ball and the sliding opponent , his right foot is bent back , breaking his ankle . Musacchio crumples to the ground in agony after the horrendous ankle break . ` Musacchio has been successfully operated on tonight at the Cemtro Clinic in Madrid after having a dislocation and break of his left ankle , ' read a statement on Villarreal 's website . ` The recovery time for the footballer will depend on the progress he makes . ' An Ikechukwu Uche penalty , after he himself was fouled by Medhi Lacen with 52 minutes played , was Villarreal 's first goal in five league games but it was not enough to give them their first La Liga away win of the year . In a scrappy game Getafe deservedly drew level with a fine header from Castro after 64 minutes and Pedro Leon had the chance to win the game but his shot following a breakaway was parried by Villarreal keeper Sergio Asenjo . Villarreal have failed to win in seven games in all competitions and are sixth on 51 points . Getafe are 13th on 36 points . Barcelona lead the way at the top of the table on 75 points but their advantage was cut to two points following a 2-2 draw with Sevilla on Saturday . Getafe 's Freddy takes on Villarreal 's Bailly during Sunday 's La Liga clash at the Coliseum Alfonso Perez . Getafe 's Rodriguez and Denis Cheryshev contest the ball during Sunday 's game . Villarreal are sixth in the La Liga table following their 1-1 draw with Getafe on Sunday . An 18-match unbeaten run up until February saw Villarreal alive on three fronts but in the last couple of months the wheels have come off . They were knocked out of the King 's Cup and the Europa League while their dreams of a Champions League spot have faded . Injuries have taken their toll with Bruno Soriano and Denis Cheryshev among the key players that have missed games and now the likely loss of Musacchio , who also spent a lengthy spell in the treatment room earlier in the season , would be a big blow .