Ukip 's Suzanne Evans today said she will step in as party leader if Nigel Farage quits because of ill health . Mr Farage has revealed that he is suffering from a recurring spinal injury that means he is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits . The Ukip leader has also pledged to be ` gone within 10 minutes ' if he fails to win in Thanet South where he is standing to become an MP . Scroll down for video . Stepping into the breach : The party 's deputy chairman Suzanne Evans -LRB- pictured right -RRB- said she would step in as leader if Mr Farage -LRB- left -RRB- is forced to pull out due to ill health . But she played down his medical problems . Asked what she would do if Mr Farage asked her to ` carry on the mantle ' , Miss Evans today told Murnaghan on Sky News : ` Well if he said that to me , of course I would , yes . ` But he 's going to win and I can not wait to see him in the House of Commons , he will really shake things up , it is a very exciting prospect . ' Miss Evans , who is the party 's deputy chairman , down-played Mr Farage 's medical problems . She added : ` His health is fine , his health is absolutely fine and whilst Nigel is leader he has my 100 % support . ` He 's a great leader , look what he 's done for this party over 22 years , battered , bruised , physically , verbally , in all manner of ways . He is the man for the job . ' In pain : Ukip leader Nigel Farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication . Miss Evans is seen as the party 's rising star and has been increasingly tipped as Mr Farage 's successor because of strong media performances . She wrote the party 's general election manifesto . After the manifesto launch , she was praised for her assured and confident performance and she received Mr Farage 's personal thanks . In January she stepped in as policy chief after Tim Aker quit amid reports he was failing to deliver it on time . Miss Evans , who is a former BBC local radio journalist , works freelance as a PR and marketing consultant and in 2011 founded a health charity for women . In May 2013 she came to prominence when she defected from the Tories to Ukip with a group of councillors in Merton , south London , but she lost her seat in local election last year . She is regularly used by the party for appearances on programmes such as Question Time and Newsnight , and has been fronting the party 's election campaign morning press conferences . But despite increasing talk about her leadership potential , senior Ukip figures privately admit she is unlikely to be elected in Shrewsbury & Atcham , the Shropshire seat where she is standing to become MP . Mr Farage has said it would be difficult for his successor not to have a place in the Commons without the ` potential for conflict ' .