Cristiano Ronaldo is to give Real Madrid a timely boost after his yellow card against Rayo Vallecano - which would have seen him suspended - was rescinded . AS believe the annulment of the booking by the Competitions Committee is key , considering Iker Casillas , Toni Kroos , James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar . Jese is to start his first game in 389 days in Bale 's absence and Real boss Carlo Ancelotti was quoted saying : ` With this injury you still have problems a year later . ' AS say that Cristiano Ronaldo 's availability is key and Mundo think a Barca win puts them ` halfway to La Liga ' The injury-prone duo of Sami Khedira and Fabio Coentrao will be missing once again , as their future 's at the club continue to look bleak . Mundo Deportivo are reporting that if Barcelona beat Sevilla , then they 're ` halfway to La Liga , ' as Luis Enrique welcomes back Jordi Alba , Sergio Busquets and Neymar to boost their ranks . Three-time Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi , can reach the impressive 400-goal mark if he hits a double at Sevilla , as his unbelievable goal-scoring record continues to grow . Mundo also have top secret news that full back Alba is in deep discussions about extending his contract at the Catalonian club . Sevilla goalkeeper Sergio Rico has the task of stopping Barca 's trio and Juventus on course to win a treble . Madrid-based paper Marca say that one of Spain 's hottest goalkeeping prospect 's Sergio Rico has been given the task of stopping Barca 's formidable trio of Luis Suarez , Neymar and Messi . In Italy , La Gazzetta dello Sport , focus on Juventus ' chance of winning the treble and describe Massimiliano Allegri as ` Ruthless , rugged , prolific . ' Goal-line technology is a hot topic of discussion as the Gazzetta and Corriere dello Sport both report that it will be brought in for the Coppa Italia Final between Juventus and Lazio . Chelsea star Oscar is also touted for a move to the Serie A champions in an exclusive interview with Brazilian coach Dunga in Tuttosport , who likened him to Italian legend Roberto Baggio . Goal-line technology is a major talking point in Italy as it 's confirmed for the Coppa Italia Final .