Yingying Dou ran the essay writing site MyMaster . One of Australia 's most prestigious universities will review its methods of plagiarism detection after it was claimed dozens of students who paid to have assignments written will not be punished because the university can not identify them . Chinese-born Yingying Dou , 30 , reportedly ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $ 1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities . The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the MyMaster website after an investigation by Fairfax Media . But internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating , the Sydney Morning Herald reported . In an email to the university 's deputy vice-chancellor , Head of Student Affairs Idena Rex said the uni was able to identify ` a maximum of five students ' who used MyMaster . Ms Rex said the students were identified using plagiarism prevention software Turnitin , but the software is not used in all University of Sydney subjects meaning other students guilty of cheating could not be identified . A University of Sydney spokeswoman said ` substantially more than the reported five students ' are currently under investigation after the university was provided with 40 unnamed assignments . Ms Dou has denied knowing anything about the website MyMaster website which has now been taken down . Two students from the University of Newcastle have been expelled and eight have been suspended . ` Upon completion of the investigation , the University will pursue disciplinary pathways as appropriate across its student and alumni bodies , ' the spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia . ` Failure to adhere to the University 's high standards of academic merit , intellectual rigour and ethical behaviour could constitute misconduct , resulting in serious penalties such as failure or exclusion . She added that a review of the policy and procedures surrounding plagiarism is currently underway . Another institution - the University of Technology , Sydney - said it had identified 15 university students guilty of using the MyMaster website after being provided with 94 examples . ` In 21 of the cases there was no evidence that any piece of work was carried out and these have been discarded , ' UTS 's Deputy Vice-Chancellor Shirley Alexander told Daily Mail Australia . ` The remainder , involving the use of false names -LRB- 49 -RRB- or where only receipts exist -LRB- nine -RRB- , are still under investigation to determine if the students involved can be identified . ' Students -LRB- a stock photo is shown -RRB- reportedly paid up to $ 1000 for their essays to be written for them . Professor Alexander said potential penalties range from a minimum of a zero mark for the subject to permanent exclusion from the university . ` The most common penalty would be suspension from the university for a semester , which is noted the student 's record , ' she said . This comes after another institution - the University of Newcastle - last month said it had expelled two students , suspended eight students and found 21 others guilty of misconduct . The majority of students found guilty were given fail grades for 2014 subjects . It was claimed that MyMaster had an annual turnover of $ 160,000 thanks to Chinese international students desperate to pass their courses or too lazy to do the work themselves . Ms Dou reportedly had 100 employees working from a Chinatown office on George Street in Sydney before the website was shut down . Up to 70 students face expulsion from Australia 's leading universities after being found guilty of cheating by paying the company to write their assignments . The four other worst-hit universities last month told the Herald they were still conducting investigations with accused students -- 11 at University of Technology Sydney , 19 at University of NSW , and 43 at Macquarie University . The maximum penalty for academic misconduct is expulsion at all institutions except UNSW , where it is suspension . Ms Dou has denied knowing anything about the website . The company 's Facebook page has also been removed but a holding page shows 605 previously people ` liked ' it . She reportedly also runs Yingcredible Tutoring , a page which she has endorsed from her own personal Facebook account . ` We provide commerce subjects tutoring service to university students to help them pass the course , ' a description on the page reads .