A plane seat specifically targeted at making plane travel more comfortable for obese passengers and small children has won a prize for its innovation vision this week . The adapted chair by SII Deutschland , beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the Passenger Comfort Hardware award at The Crystal Cabin Awards in Hamburg , Germany . Sitting at one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat , the SANTO seat -LRB- Special Accommodation Needs for Toddlers and Overweight Passengers -RRB- aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety . Passenger Comfort Hardware winner : The SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is larger than usual seats , and makes use of space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows . The adapted seat would make use of the usually wasted space at the back of aircraft , where the fuselage narrows . It would be a larger version of the aircraft chairs , meaning a wider passenger could comfortably and safety fit in the chair , without disrupting the neighbouring customer . As the SANTO seat has an extra half a seat width , a baby seat could be fitted securely into the chair , with enough space for a regular customer to sit alongside without paying for an extra seat . The designs were judged by a team of 24 experts , including panel chairwoman Melissa Raudebaugh , General Manager of Aircraft Experience at Delta Air Lines . ` Selecting the Crystal Cabin Award winners was a tough decision this year , as all finalists were of very high quality - ranging from renowned manufacturers to inspiring university concepts , which we will hopefully see flying soon ' , said Raudebaugh , as reported by PR Newswire . The seat won the prize as part of the Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg , and addresses the issue of the safety for obese passengers . Not only being space effective , the larger chair aims to address the on-going debate about whether to charge obese passengers for two seats . Some American airlines have adopted this principle if customers are unable to buckle their seatbelt without the use of a seatbelt extender . In 2011 a male passenger claims he was forced to stand for seven hours in the aisle of a plane on his US Airways flight , from Anchorage to Philadelphia , as a 400 lb man took up a lot of his seat . Another solution was put forward by Samoa Air in 2013 charging customers depending on their weight , in a bid to reduce fuel costs . Visitors look at Expliseat wide seats weighing four kilos at the Aircraft Interiors Expo 2014 . It is the leading trade fair for aircraft cabin designers and presents novelties in design , entertainment and connectivity . The Crystal Cabin Awards were awarded as part of Aircraft Interiors Expo which aims to showcase world 's most advanced and creative ideas for the aircraft cabin . The SANTO was not the only seat design aiming to solve the issue of comfort when it comes to overweight passengers . Expliseat also displayed wider seating designs to accommodate larger passnegers . Prestigious aviation companies such as B/E Aerospace and Etihad Airways showed their concepts at the international trade fair of aircraft interiors which took place from April 14 to 16 . Other awarded ideas included B/E Aerospace 's solar cell films on cabin windows , and a vacuum technology to reduce space of waste by lavatories and trash bags created by Hamburg University of Applied Sciences . Premium Class & VIP : A380 Upper Deck by Etihad -LRB- UAE -RRB- . One highlight this year was in the head-to-head A380-First Class race between two airlines from the United Arab Emirates . Etihad Airways won by a nose with its ` A380 Upper Deck ' . Etihad is the first airline in the world to install a three room apartment in a commercial airliner , the ` Residence by Etihad ' . Behind the Residence is the First Class Cabin with nine compartments and 70 Business Class seats . Greener Cabin , Health , Safety & Environment : Solar Eclipse by B/E Aerospace -LRB- USA -RRB- . A thin solar cell film is installed in the sun visor of the cabin window , providing passengers with electricity to charge their electronic devices during flight . Although the system is still under development , the manufacturer is already working on achieving production approval soon . Industrial Design & Visionary Concepts : E2 Cabin Concept by Embraer -LRB- Brazil -RRB- . The cabin for Embraers E2 generation of regional jets , is characterised by an innovative , easy maintenance design . The use of space is especially well thought-out . Special baggage lockers , for example , and a staggered seating concept , provide more space in the aircraft . Passenger Comfort Hardware : SANTO Seat by SII Deutschland -LRB- Germany -RRB- . The ` SANTO Seat ' -LRB- Special Accommodation Needs for Toddlers and Overweight Passengers -RRB- is beneficial for both passengers and airlines . The normally wasted space at the rear of the aircraft cabin , where the fuselage narrows , is used by a special seat , one-and-a-half times the width of a normal seat . The seat is ideal for overweight passengers and for passengers with small children . For these passengers , the seat is safer than a standard seat . Passenger Comfort Systems : Exede in the Air by ViaSat -LRB- USA -RRB- . The satellite-powered ` Exede in the Air ' solution brings a 12 Mbps internet connection to every seat , allowing passengers to stream films or shop online above the clouds without difficulty . Material & Components : LEXAN XHR2000 by SABIC Innovative Plastics -LRB- UAE -RRB- . The ` LEXAN XHR2000 ' film has a transparency level of 80 percent , currently the highest possible level . Application possibilities range from windows to surface elements within the cabin , providing interior designers in particular with completely new possibilities . University : Trash Compactor by Hamburg University of Applied Sciences -LRB- Germany -RRB- . Marc Spille a student of aviation studies , in collaboration with Airbus , developed a mobile trash container which uses the vacuum technology of the on-board lavatory to compress trash bags into a space-saving format within seconds .