Goodness knows how many times at White Hart Lane I 've felt like falling to my knees at the back of the West Stand and banging my head on the floor . I 've lost count . A lifetime of following Spurs can have that effect on you , especially in recent years . Last Saturday 's inept capitulation to Aston Villa was the most recent occasion : a soft goal down after 45 minutes and an expensively assembled team which looked as if it had been recruited from the local JobCentre half an hour before the kick-off . Stephen Dodd took this photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month . Had I actually gone through with it , however , within seconds I 'd have been hauled to my feet by the stewards and steered unceremoniously towards the exit . They are especially vigilant when it comes to anyone blocking the gangways or stairwells . And given football 's tragic history , from Ibrox to Hillsborough , their caution is well-merited . So it was surprising , to say the least , to see that photograph of two Muslim Liverpool supporters praying to Mecca at half-time in an FA Cup match . They had rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand , apparently with the full consent of safety staff . One of the men , solicitor Asif Bodi , 46 , from Preston , explained that because the televised game did n't kick off until 4 pm , the final whistle would have blown too late for them to pray outside the ground . So perhaps we can point the finger at television . Matches are shifted all over the shop by the schedulers , for purely commercial reasons . For instance , those irritating lunchtime games are designed for the benefit of bookmakers and betting syndicates in the Far East , not season ticket holders . Travelling fans often complain that evening games mean it is impossible for them to catch the last train home . But this may be the first time that a late kick-off for the convenience of television has played havoc with the Muslim call to prayer . The extraordinary scene was captured on a mobile phone camera by Liverpool supporter Stephen Dodd . He tweeted the photograph with the caption ` Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE . ' In no time , predictably , the balloon went up . With the customary restraint for which social media is renowned , the usual online lynch-mob were branding him a ` bigot ' and a ` disgrace to humanity ' . The incident took place when Liverpool were playing Blackburn Rovers at Anfield in March . Needless to say , someone reported the tweet to Merseyside Police , who for once exercised commendable sanity and decided not to get involved . But Liverpool FC is investigating , saying discrimination will not be tolerated and promising to take ` appropriate action ' . To their enormous credit , Mr Bodi and his partner in prayer Abubakar Bhula are urging restraint . ` I 've supported Liverpool for 40 years and I used to be a season ticket holder , ' Mr Bodi said . ` From what I understand , this guy does n't live too far from the ground and is probably a boyhood fan , so I would n't want him excluded from the ground or anything . ` He should be given a talking to and made to go on an awareness course or educating . ' Why ? Most people would agree that labelling the photograph a #DISGRACE was an intemperate over-reaction . But this was a real ` Oi , Doris ! ' moment . You do n't expect to stumble over Muslims praying in a stairwell at a football ground midway through a Cup tie . Quite apart from the safety considerations , even those of us who believe people should be free to practise their religion of choice also believe there is a time and a place . And Scousers go to Anfield to worship at the shrine of Shankly , not Allah or the Almighty . How would the management have reacted if some devout Catholics had decided to stage a holy communion at half-time ? Or the queue for the gents ' was obstructed by a conga line of chanting Hare Krishnas ? What if a handful of Liverpool fans had turned up at the local mosque and started singing You 'll Never Walk Alone in the middle of Friday prayers ? Would their claim to be exercising their democratic right to celebrate their religion stop the Old Bill steaming in and nicking them for ` hate crime ' ? What do you think ? Mr Bodi seems to be an eminently reasonable and civilised man . What I 'd like to ask him would be when , in his four decades of supporting Liverpool , he first started praying during games at Anfield ? I may be wrong , but my guess would be that this is a fairly recent phenomenon . As the Muslim population of Britain has grown to three million , Islamic ` rights ' have become increasingly more assertive . We have de facto Sharia law in some areas of our cities ; halal food imposed in schools , hospitals and works ' canteens ; and now even gelatine-free halal Pick 'n' Mix counters in supermarkets . Over the past decade or so , what we have seen is British society being obliged to bend to the demands of Islam . Such is the contradiction inherent in our State-imposed ` multiculturalism ' tyranny that more latitude is extended to Muslims than any other group or religion . Look , I 'm a supporter of the FA 's anti-racism Kick It Out campaign . Football crowds are gradually becoming more diverse , and not before time . This remarkable photograph from Anfield is evidence of that . The game is awakening to cultural differences . At the League Cup Final in Cardiff a few years ago , they were selling balti pies at the Blackburn end , while knocking out over-priced smoked salmon bagels in the Spurs ' section of the stadium . Someone must have told them Blackburn has one of Britain 's biggest Asian populations and Tottenham has a large number of Jewish supporters . So no stereotyping there , then . Balti pies are one thing . But back to more serious matters . Did n't it occur to Mr Bodi and Mr Bhula that if the kick-off at Anfield clashed with their religious obligations then perhaps the wisest course of action would simply be to give the game a miss ? OK , so there were only two of them this time . But what if next season there 's a dozen , or two dozen , or 200 , all expecting the right to pray where they like ? Where do you draw the line ? At this rate , it wo n't be long before Muslim fans start demanding special prayer rooms at football grounds , just as there are already in public buildings and police custody suites . Soon it will become a legal requirement . When it does , remember : you read it here first . A Polish prince , Yanek Zylinski , has challenged Nigel Farage to a duel in London 's Hyde Park , accusing the Ukip leader of stirring up hatred against Eastern European immigrants . Brandishing a sabre , he threw down the gauntlet : ` Are you up for it , Mr Farage ? ' He 'll have to get Farage out of the pub first . Maybe it would be better if he challenged him to a vodka drinking contest . I 'd be happy to referee , in exchange for a couple of bottles of Wyborowa . If it 's a duel he 's after , Zylinski should invite Cameron . Dave probably learnt to fence at Eton . Come to think of it , instead of bothering with the campaign , why not a series of Generation Game-style contests to decide the election ? William ` 14 pints ' Hague could represent the Tories in the drinking round . Cleggover and Miliband could stage a winner-takes-all bacon sandwich eating competition . And how about a mud-wrestling tournament , involving Theresa May , Harriet Harman , Wee Burney , that Welsh bird and the Aussie madwoman from the Greens ? It would certainly beat the hell out of last night 's Leaders ' Debate . Bristols at dawn ! Sorry , but I do n't agree with Nick . When the BBC 's political editor Nick Robinson went off air in March to be treated for a tumour on his lung , I wished him a speedy recovery . I 'm an admirer of Robinson and at the time described him as a beacon of impartiality in a bog of BBC bias . This week he returned , but with such a raspy , whispery voice it was difficult to make out what he was saying . Nick Robinson 's eagerness to resume work is understandable , but he should have been told to complete his recovery . His eagerness to resume work is understandable , but he should have been told to complete his recovery . He 's not doing the viewers or , more importantly , himself any favours . It 's like Andy Murray going on to Centre Court with one arm in plaster . Get well , soon , Nick . And do n't worry about the election for now . You 're not missing much . A woman cried rape when her boyfriend found out that she had taken part in a threesome with a married couple , Aberdeen Sheriff Court has been told . But Hannah McWhirter had been a willing participant and exchanged texts with the couple telling them how much she 'd enjoyed it . This week she admitted wasting police time and was remanded for reports . Given the bracing weather in Aberdeen , she should have told her boyfriend they were only huddling together to keep warm . Fore ! That 's a long drive . The day after I wondered why fitness freaks have to wear electronic wrist-bands to monitor their every bodily function , the British Medical Journal published a report claiming health apps are positively harmful -- because they convince the ` worried well ' that there 's something seriously wrong with them . Spooky , or what ? You can also get wrist-bands which tell you the distances to the holes on every golf course in Britain . A friend of mine checked his app as he was driving home from a golf tour of Scotland . It told him he was 253 miles from the 18th green at Gleneagles .