In this constantly connected digital world , the chirping of a mobile phone beside the bed is rarely a pleasant way to be woken in the morning . But the team behind a new app clearly feel that the tiny rendition of a rumba blaring from your mobile is not enough to drag you from beneath the covers . Instead they have developed an alarm that will only turn off if you physically get out of bed and scan a bar code in another part of your house . Scroll down for video . The I 'm UP Alarm can be set to go off the night before -LRB- left -RRB- and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code -LRB- pictured right -RRB- on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room , forcing you to get out of bed to do so . Michael Smagon , the New York-based inventor of the I 'm Up Alarm , said : ` We all hit the snooze , toss and turn , and fall back asleep . Then we do the morning dash because we lose those coveted morning minutes . ` I 'm Up is a mobile app alarm clock that is linked to a QR code that may be anywhere in your home , not in arms reach form bed , and the alarm does not go off until your scan the code , hence getting out of bed . ' Smartphone users will be able to download the app onto their phone from June . Each device is paired with a specific QR code that can be printed out and stuck somewhere else in the house . The app developers also say they will be able to print the code onto mugs or magnetic buttons so they can be left in the kitchen to scan while you make your morning coffee . The alarm is set to go off at a certain time the night before and will make a noise until the QR code is scanned . The app uses a Quick Response code , or QR code , which is a form of barcode that the cameras of mobile phones are able to detect . Under Mr Smagon 's concept , a code matched specifically to your app can be printed on your favourite mug or a fridge magnet . When the alarm goes off at the designated time , the only way to then get it to stop making a noise is to get out of bed and scan the code . For those who really need an extra couple of minutes , Mr Smagon says the app does have a snooze function , but only for a set number of occasions . He is currently seeking funding on the crowd-funding site Kickstarter to help him test the device . The app is due to be released in June June and and will come as a free version with adverts or an ad-free version which will cost less than $ 8 , or £ 5.48 . The alarm app will have a snooze function but it will only allow users to delay getting up a set number of times . Mugs and magnetic business cards and buttons with the codes printed on them can also be purchased and shipped worldwide or a free code can be printed from the company 's website . I 'm Up will be available on Apple and Android phones and a version for Windows phones is being developed . Mr Smagon said : ` In the evening you set your alarm for 6 am and you have the best intention to wake up at this time , but in the morning everything looks different . ` Every excuse you come up with just to stay those five extra minutes in bed wins . We all know that those five minute snoozes quickly add up and all of a sudden we are late again . ` I 'm Up alarm was invented to help people who are not one of those early birds to start the day . ' The QR code can be printed onto coffee cups so users can turn off the alarm while making their morning drink .