Posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week at a northeast Ohio university were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went beyond free speech . Youngstown State University student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters , which were hung on around campus earlier this week , after consulting with university officials . The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students . Posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week were removed from campus after student leaders said that they went ` way further than a free speech issue ' They encouraged students to ` go about your day without telling everyone about how ` different ' you are ' , according to WKBN . The anonymously posted flyers encouraged students to celebrate ` by not annoying the s *** out of everyone about your sexual orientation ' . ` Brought to you by the students that are sick of hearing about your LGBT pride , ' the posters read . ` Nobody cares about what you think you are , or what you want to have sex with . We have nothing against your sexual orientation . We just do n't give a f *** . ' Campus leaders at the approximately 15,000-student university said that while they believe the posters were meant as satire , the message was inappropriate . ` If you actually read through it , it seemed like it went way further than a free speech issue , ' said Student Government President Michael Slavens . ` There were swear words and took it a little further than the average free speech should go . ' Student Government vice president Jacob Schriner-Biggs agreed with Slavens . ` When you are talking about minority activism , it is very easy that if you are in the majority to say `` well , this sort of activism is not necessary . This sort of zeal in your activism is over the top '' , ' he said . ` For minorities who experience discrimination , that is not the case , ' It is believed by student leaders that the posters were satire , but they still missed the point of activism , a statement from the student government says . The posters counter the school 's mission to create a diverse campus , university spokesman Ron Cole told WFMJ . Officials are investigating possible student code violations , and disciplinary action may follow . A statement from the student government said while it respects free speech of all students , the posters were n't authorized , contained vulgar language and missed the point of activism . ` When individuals belong to dominant societal cohorts -LRB- Caucasian , male , heterosexual , etc. -RRB- it is very easy to state `` We have nothing against your sexual orientation '' and to claim that efforts to raise awareness are `` annoying '' , ' it read , according to Gay Star News . The statement continued : ` For minorities who every day face discrimination and marginalization , such efforts are necessary without zeal and persistence , sociology teaches that minority concerns very easily go by the wayside . ` Thus , dismissing the efforts of LGBTQIA students to push for equitable treatment as unnecessary is dangerous because it catalyzes discrimination , whether meant to do so or not . ' University officials are investigating into the posters , which were hung anonymously , and disciplinary action may follow .