He is known as the ` accidental billionaire ' who co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22 , but Mike Cannon-Brookes has proved just how far he has come by splashing out on a sought-after property in Sydney 's east . The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur is Australia 's equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 -- although he shares the title with his business partner Scott Farquhar after they established software company Atlassian 12 years ago . They are now joint CEOs and equal partners to the company , which is worth a reported $ 3.5 billion . Cannon-Brookes , now a married father , is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $ 12 million to make a stunning 1918 Centennial Park mansion their home , according to Domain . Scroll down for video . Mike Cannon-Brookes will have the option of working in the incredible library , which also doubles as a home office . The room has stunning wall to ceiling shelves on all four walls , as well as a beautiful window above the work bench . Of course , there is also an elaborate chandelier . Upon entering the home the visitor is greeted with incredible high ceiling , wide hallways and decorative archways . Attention to detail is intricate with chandeliers , polished floorboards and heritage woodwork etchings . The climate controlled wine cellar with wall-to-wall wine racks and an abundance of shelving is a dream for any wine connoisseur . Despite his incredible success , the brilliant entrepreneur is incredibly down-to-earth , dedicated to hard work and is still renowned for always wearing his trademark fashion item - a cap . He will share the home with his wife , Annie Todd , the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon . They have a young family together . On Thursday , Todd held her first ever runway show as part of Mercedes Benz 's Fashion Week Australia in Sydney . The incredible property , ` Braelin ' on Lang Road in Sydney 's east was only listed for two weeks before it was removed from the McGrath Real Estate website . The property was originally designed by architect Donald Esplin for former lord mayor of Sydney Sir Allen Taylor . It still has many of the beautiful classic touches , although it has been renovated to include immaculate modern feature and , of course , top of the range IT gadgets . 35-year-old IT entrepreneur Mike Cannon-Brookes has lucrative property in Sydney 's east in a hush . ` Braelin is an architecturally redesigned masterpiece displaying an effortless blend of original period details and luxurious contemporary inclusions , ' McGrath 's agent Ben Collier wrote on the listing . The kitchen has been constructed with stunning hermes marble and state-of-the-art appliances , with a contrast between the dark toned wood and sparkling white benches . The charming atrium courtyard overlooks the pool and is set in the pristine gardens - perfect for entertaining in the sunshine . The outdoor setting is perfect for alfresco dining , set away from the house in the peaceful garden setting and overlooking the pool . The immaculate five bedroom property is perfect a young , successful couple with a growing family who want the perfect balance of comfort , practicality and luxury . The property boasts a salt water pool and incredible manicured gardens -- perfect for a little children to explore and to offer the family privacy in their perfect retreat . Entry to the house is through a beautiful winding footpath , lined by trees with stunning red blooms and lush yet perfectly manicured gardens . The stunning residence is just metres from 101 acre of parkland at Centennial Park , on the edge of the city and a short drive to Bondi Beach . The five-bedroom home also has its own self-contained unit . The home has a breathtaking long corridor with classic archway details and high ceilings . The kitchen has been constructed with stunning hermes marble and state-of-the-art appliances , with a contrast between the dark toned wood and sparkling white benches . The home is light and airy with absolute attention to detail . Wood is prominent throughout the home with a polished , warm feel . The rumpus room in the separate unit overlooks the pool and is completely self-contained - a fun , relaxing retreat . The charming atrium courtyard overlooks the pool and is set in the pristine gardens - perfect for entertaining in the sunshine . The meticulously decorated bedrooms are beautifully finished with polished floorboards , high ceilings and tasteful chandeliers . The masterbedroom is a stunning retreat with a luxurious walk in wardrobe which functions as a full dressing room . The ensuite has a striking purple feature wall , spacious shower lining the wall and a stand alone bathtub . The climate controlled wine cellar with wall-to-wall wine racks and an abundance of shelving is a dream for any wine connoisseur . Entry to the homeis through a winding footpath , lined by trees with stunning red blooms and lush yet perfectly manicured gardens . The masterbedroom is a stunning retreat with a luxurious walk in wardrobe which functions as a full dressing room . Cannon-Brookes grew up in the US , Taiwan , Hong Kong and England before finishing his schooling at Cranbrook in Sydney 's east - not far from his new home in the exclusive suburb of Centennial Park . He and his partner , Faquahar , are known as the accidental billionaires as they founded software company Atlassian 13 years ago with the aim of making the graduate starting salary of $ 48,000 without the inconvenience of an employer . Instead , they found considerably more success than first planned and became self-made billionaires by the age of 34 . Cannon-Brookes grew up in the US , Taiwan , Hong Kong and England before finishing his schooling at Cranbrook in Sydney 's east . They debuted on the BRW 's Young Rich list of the richest Australians aged 40 and under in 2007 . They debuted independently of each other on the Rich 200 list in 2013 with $ 250 million each . Despite his incredible success , the brilliant entrepreneur is incredibly down-to-earth , dedicated to hard work and is still renowned for always wearing his trademark fashion item - a cap . He and his partner , Faquahar , are known as the accidental billionaires as they founded software company Atlassian 13 years ago with the aim of making the graduate starting salary of $ 48,000 without the inconvenience of an employer . Despite his incredible success , the brilliant entrepreneur is incredibly down-to-earth , dedicated to hard work and is still renowned for always wearing his trademark fashion item - a cap . The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur is Australia 's equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 -- although he shares the title with his business partner Scott Farquhar after they established software company Atlassian 12 years ago .