There is often a negative stigma attached with being a female who chooses to live alone , especially in Sydney 's affluent Eastern suburbs . 39-year-old Julie Sweet has lived alone in Clovelly for five years and has never been happier . But while female solo-dwellers are being labelled as sad , lonely and socially isolated , a new study has shown that of these women , the majority have university degrees , reputable careers and healthy social lives . The study conducted by the Australian Institute of Family Studies shows that a quarter of Australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men . According to Daily Life , the affluent suburbs of Potts Point , Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households . This means that the women who live alone in the Eastern suburbs are fast becoming more successful than their male counterparts . However , many feel as though they are still judged for their residential choice . 39-year-old Julie Sweet feels that she is often stigmatised by friends and family . ` I feel that people often judge when you do n't fit into a certain box , ' Ms. Sweet told Daily Mail Australia . ` I am constantly questioned by extended family and friends of friends on why I continue to live alone . ' Ms Sweet had lived with close friends for all of her life , and although feels she was spoilt with them , she now resides in Clovelly in Sydney 's East by herself and has never been happier . She is currently a Psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in Psychotherapy and has even returned to university to complete a Graduate Diploma of Forensic Mental Health . She is currently a Psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in Psychotherapy and has returned to university to complete a Graduate Diploma of Forensic Mental Health . ` I genuinely enjoy my own company , ' she said . ` If I was n't happy with what i was doing , I would absolutely change it ... . But I think living alone should be celebrated ! ' Other women feel that the generalisation is finally lifting and there is more of a shift in opinion toward those who live alone . 30-year-old Lisa Hollinshead resides in Bondi and was the founder of Sydney Social Blog as well as working as a freelance publicist . Ms. Hollinshead told Daily Mail Australia that many of her female friends also choose to live alone and this is shifting the stigma . 30-year-old freelance publicist , Lisa Hollinshead resides in Bondi and enjoys her solo living lifestyle . She believes the stigma is shifting and more people are celebrating solo-dwelling as a triumph . ` I think times have changed and it 's a lot different to what it was a decade ago , ' she said . ` It was a pipe dream to live in Bondi when I was younger and I 'm really proud of my achievements . ' With BA Honours in Marketing and Media Cultural Studies , Ms. Hollinshead is an example of a young woman with significantly higher education then her male counterparts who also live alone . Only 25 percent of men who live in a one-person household have attained a university degree .