Frank Lampard has revealed he 'd ` love ' to see a gay footballer come out and be fully respected by the public , saying that the game is changing and losing it 's macho persona . Taking part on Channel Four 's ` Alan Carr 's Chatty Man ' alongside Denise van Outen , Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle , the on-loan Manchester City star spoke of his support and feels that football in evolving for the better . When host Carr said : ` Do you think we will ever see a gay footballer ? Statistically there should be loads . One in ten are gay are n't they ? Fifty-thousand professional footballers , one of them must be . ' Frank Lampard showed his support for gay footballers in an interview on Alan Carr 's Chatty Man . LA Galaxy Robbie Rogers -LRB- left -RRB- came out as being gay and was heavily supported by the sporting world . Former West Ham United midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger also came out as being gay not long after Rogers . Lampard responded : ` Well we have had a couple . Thomas Hitzlsperger who played in the Premier League , came out after having moved back to Germany or Italy . ` In America , Robbie Rogers played there . ` I think a lot of the problem is , as you say , it 's a fact that it will be out there , as it is in all modern life at all times , but I think we are probably at fault as a sport . ` I think that it 's that old syndrome where it 's a mans game and you ca n't talk about that . I have to say the game 's changing a lot . There are a lot of campaigns . I feel it in the dressing room . There 's a different feel about it . ` Yeah there should be . I would love it if someone came out and everyone treated it with respect . You know that thing about ` we 're macho we play football , ' is very old hat . ' With Lampard 's career nearing the end , the New York City man is already thinking about what his next step will be - refusing to rule out the chance of becoming a manager . He said : ` I 'll maybe do my coaching badges which is a bit of a process as that 's two years worth of work to get that and maybe be a manager but I 'm not completely sure whether to go down that route or down certain other routes - bit of TV maybe . The City midfielder was joined on the show by Noel Fielding -LRB- left , Lethal Bizzle and Denis van Outen . ` Everyone 's lining up to do that at the moment you know the punditry thing is the thing to do . Everyone that retires wants to go in , and it 's not an easy thing . It looks quite easy to talk about football but it 's not . ' Following England 's disappointing 2014 World Cup in Brazil , Carr pressed Lampard on why we perform so bad - despite the quality in the country . Lampard , who made one appearance during the finals , believes that a lack of squad cohesion may have been the catalyst causing England to finish bottom of group D. ` I think we did n't gel as much as we should have done , ' he said . ` When you look at the individuals in those pictures -LRB- on screen -RRB- you know you 're talking about some of the best individuals in world football at different times . We 've had them and we have n't done it . ' Van Outen and Noel Fielding also took part on the show where Lampard scored a penalty against Carr . You see Frank Lampard 's interview on Alan Carr 's Chatty Man with guests Denise van Outen , Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle on Channel Four at at 10 pm on Friday .