After a fire took a family 's home of four years leaving them without anything , a Georgia mother of six is making a desperate plea for help . Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning , and was lucky to get her children , aged one to 14 , out of the Decatur condo safely . However , all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble , and in her efforts to get her family back on their feet , she is asking for assistance . ` My children are homeless . They have nothing . They lost everything , ' Dixon told Channel 2 . Scroll down for video . A mother of six said her family has nothing after fire reduced their Georgia condo to a pile of rubble -LRB- above Kalimah Dixon with her five of her six children -RRB- . The Dekalb County mother said the fire happened early on Monday and that she managed to get all of her children safely out -LRB- remains of the condo following the fire above -RRB- . While Dixon was renting the Condo in the last four years , she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management . But now she is finding it difficult to get a lease for a new permanent home while being unemployed . As the mother of three sons and three daughters shuffles to give her kids stability , she is currently staying with a friend , far from her children 's Decatur schools - where On Tuesday , Georgia students are required to take a standardized test . ` Yes , it starts Tuesday and I do n't even know where I 'm going to be on Monday , ' said Dixon . In the last four years while Dixon rented the condo , she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management . Now she said she is finding it difficult to get a lease while unemployed -LRB- pictured right and left with her children -RRB- . Dixon said on Monday as the fire broke out before she knew it the whole roof had been engulfed in flames -LRB- above aftermath of the fire -RRB- . Following the fire , the mother of six said : ` My children are homeless . They have nothing . They lost everything ' She said in the past few days , the American Red Cross has assisted her as she searched for a place to live , but as she has looked to shelters for help , they turn her away . ` They 'll take three of my children but they wo n't take the other three or my son is too old or they have any space at all , ' Dixon told Channel 2 . Dixon has since started a GoFundMe page which on Sunday had raised $ 4,619 in donations . Dixon has started a GoFundMe page which has raised $ 4,619 in donations so far . On the site she wrote : ` I 'm humbly asking for assistance for me and my children we currently suffered a tremendous loss due to a fire early Monday morning . ` On top of losing everything we have n't been able to receive housing assistance rendering us homeless . ` If you could find it in you 're hearts to assist it would be greatly appreciated every bit counts even prayers thank you . '