With every new milestone , many may find themselves nostalgically looking back upon their life and career choices . As expected , not everyone will feel satisfied with the decisions they 've made that they have made the right decisions . But this affects women more so than men , a new survey has revealed . A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men . With 47 % compared to only 40 % of men . According to specialist travel agency Planet Cruise , women regret their career choices more so than men . Just under half -LRB- 47 per cent -RRB- of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 per cent of men . More alarming is the fact that nearly half of women -LRB- 47 per cent -RRB- surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles . For men , the figure was even higher , with 52 per cent having suffered from mental issues . Furthermore , one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work . Similar ranking figures showed that people had also dealt with isolation , or unsociable and distant feelings as a result . The survey , from specialist travel agency , Planet Cruise , was conducted on people age over 55 and exposed widespread career disappointments among both men and women . More than a quarter surveyed also revealed that they wished that they had thrown caution to the wind and taken more risks in their careers . Specifically , one in ten admitted that they regretted not being more tenacious with pursuing promotions and being more ambitious in general . Women were also more likely to feel like their relationships had held them back in their careers . And 17 per cent of women felt some sort of resentment towards their partners - indicating that they held them responsible for a career regret or missed opportunity . 10 % of women surveyed admitted that they regretted not having more children , compared with only 6 % men . But only ten per cent of men admitted to feeling the same way . These regrets did n't only stem from people 's careers , but sadly extended to personal choices too . More men than women -LRB- 22 per cent compared to just 11 per cent -RRB- wished they had n't worked so much , and had spent more time with their children . Just ten per cent of females regretted not having more children - indicating that career pressures had limited the amount of time they had available - compared to only six per cent of men . More men than women -LRB- 15 % compared to 10 % -RRB- regretted not dating more before they settled down . More men regretted not dating more before they settled down - with 15 per cent admitting this , compared to just 10 per cent of women . From 6 April onward , the UK 's new pension reforms allow over-55s to have more freedom with their pension . The survey exposed widespread regrets within that specific age group . A spokesperson for Planet Cruise commented : ` Work can consume our entire lives . As we get older , we reflect upon opportunities in life which may have passed us by . ` Everyone has regrets in life and , in this case , women admit to this more than men . '