Some of us do n't like to hit the bar before midday , but when your drink is poured by a robot bartender you make an exception - even when mine jerks suddenly and I fear a malfunction . But , hang on a minute , it 's simply giving my margarita a good shake . Pouring drinks is only one of these bartenders ' tricks . In the evening , they dance to music . Scroll down for video . New attraction : The enormous Anthem Of The Seas is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer . Making waves : An instructor demonstrates the FlowRider wave machine on board Royal Caribbean 's ship , Anthem Of The Seas . The Bionic Bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board the 4,180-passenger Anthem Of The Seas , Royal Caribbean 's second Quantum-class liner , which last week set sail on its maiden voyage . Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips , which can be pressed against various sensors . I use mine as a room key , to make payments and to check my itinerary on handy tablets around the ship . The 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies -- window-sized LED screens showing real-time footage shot by exterior cameras . This ship is clearly aimed at younger cruisers . The indoor SeaPlex activity area -LRB- the largest of its kind at sea -RRB- has bumper cars , a roller disco and circus school . There 's also an observation capsule -LRB- another first -RRB- , which swoops out over the ship , a FlowRider wave machine for surfing and body boarding , and RipCord by iFLY - a vertical wind tunnel for skydiving at sea . I 'll have a caipirinha , please : Robotic bartenders mix and serve cocktails in the decidedly futuristic Bionic Bar . Fairground thrills : Adrenaline junkies will also be able to enjoy the bumper cars as part of an amazing variety of entertainment . Take a seat : The Music Hall on the Anthem of the Seas is just one of the entertainment venues on this colossal vessel . At the latter , my instructor tells me to thrust out my hips to avoid spinning out of control . In my post-skydive photo , the instructor has two arms around my bottom and his face in my chest - and I look as though I 've had a bad facelift . The Anthem 's 18 restaurants include a hotdog-filled food truck and a Johnny Rockets American diner . For now , Anthem Of The Seas will remain on this side of the pond , exploring Western Europe from her home port of Southampton . In October , she will cross the Atlantic before spending the winter cruising the Caribbean . Which gives the robotic bartender plenty of time to perfect his margarita mixing skills . Seven nights on Anthem Of The Seas -LRB- www.royalcaribbean.co.uk , 0844 493 2061 -RRB- , departing Southampton on June 13 , costs from £ 979pp . It will sail to Gijon and Bilbao in Spain , Guernsey 's St Peter Port , and Le Havre in France before returning to Southampton .