Chelsea captain John Terry has revealed his picks for the PFA Player and Team of the Year with Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho getting his nod as the Premier League 's finest . Although the former England captain has not been on the losing side to Liverpool in three games this season , Terry has obviously been impressed by the young Brazilian 's skills - despite him only scoring four league goals . Less surprising is Terry 's choice of Tottenham scoring sensation Harry Kane as Young Player of the Year - with the 21-year-old 's rise from obscurity to scoring 19 league goals for Spurs making him almost certain to take home the award . Chelsea captain John Terry revealed his PFA Team of the Year on Instagram . The Blues legend named Phillipe Coutinho as his Player of the Year and Harry Kane as his Young Player . Liverpool 's Brazilian playmaker , scoring the winner in the FA Cup , has hit form in second half of the season . Keeper : David de Gea . Defenders : Ryan Bertrand , Jose Fonte , Laurent Koscielny , Nathanial Clyne . Midfielders : Philippe Coutinho , Raheem Sterling , Juan Mata , Sadio mane . Strikers : Harry Kane , Sergio Aguero . As a defender , Terry has acknowledged Southampton 's miserly record this season by including no less than three of their backline - Jose Fonte , Nathaniel Clyne and former Chelsea full-back Ryan Bertrand who left Stamford Bridge for St Mary 's in the summer . Manchester United 's outstanding keeper David de Gea and Arsenal centre-back Laurent Koscielny complete Terry 's defence . In midfield , Coutinho is joined by Raheem Sterling , Sadio Mane and another player former Blue Juan Mata who has endured a difficult time under Louis van Gaal before making his mark at Old Trafford . Despite not finding the net in his last five league games , Sergio Aguero takes his place alongside Kane in Terry 's attack in a classic ` big man/small man ' combination . Kane has scored 19 league goals , although he was mistakenly named best player by Youssouf Mulumbu . Former Chelsea stars Juan Mata -LRB- left -RRB- and Ryan Bertrand -LRB- right -RRB- were also named in Terry 's XI . Meanwhile , West Brom midfielder Youssouf Mulumbu was left red-faced after posting his own PFA Team of the Year selections on Twitter - only to realise he had got his Players of the Year mixed up . The Baggies star had named Kane as Player of the Year and Chelsea 's Eden Hazard as Young Player of the Year before later realising his mistake and tweeting : ` I get it wrong Hazard player of the year And young player Kane !! '