As DIY season approaches and the spring clean begins , Amanda Lamb claims that it is the small touches in a home that make a real difference . The 42-year-old star lounges among lush blooms in sweeping ball gowns as she collaborates with Air Wick for a new range of home fragrances . Amanda 's housing expertise have been showcased on her years of presenting A Place In The Sun and now she is at hand to offer advice on how to perk up a house this Spring . Scroll down for video . Amanda Lamb stars in the new Air Wick fragrance campaign as she poses in lush flower arrangements . However , rather than knocking through walls or re-tiling the floor , Amanda says that it is simple touches that can enhance a home . ` You do n't need to take drastic measures to make your house more homely . One of the quickest -- and smartest -- ways to transform your home is with fragrance . ' The images behind the campaign take inspiration from scent . The seductive shoot has been captured by Vogue and GQ photographer , Willy Camden . The TV presenter offers advice on how to spruce up a home this spring . Amanda says that one of the easiest ways to instantly perk up a room is with a home fragrance . Willy 's style is vibrant and colourful -- in-keeping with the Air Wick Life Scents campaign . Amanda opts for floral scents when it comes to brightening up her own home . ` My favourite fragrance in the range is Summer Delights -- it 's my household hero , ' she said . ` You get three constantly changing scents of white flowers , melon and vanilla orchid , so when I walk in the door , it never smells the same . ' The photos were captured by renowned Vogue photographer Willy Camden . The striking images each depict the three different notes contained within Air Wick Life Scents Summer Delights -LRB- White Flowers , Melon and Vanilla Orchid -RRB- and Lush Hideaway -LRB- Wild Berry , Fresh Mint and Coconut Water -RRB- to inspire you to transform your home using scent . As well as the photoshoot , Amanda stars in a video offering tips on how to breath a new lease of life into your home . This call to action comes as research by Air Wick reveals that it 's all about the scent when it comes to makeovers as one in three Brits use home fragrance to transform their humble abode . Spokesman Jerome Lemaire says Amanda was an obvious choice when it came to advising people on simple home improvements . ` Our campaign aims to educate people on how simple changes , such as home fragrance , can transform homes . ` As a interiors guru and TV makeover presenter , we knew that Amanda would help us educate the nation on quick , affordable and easy ways to breathe a fresh lease of life into homes . '