A gay student in Louisiana says she is going to skip her senior prom because the school principal wo n't let her wear a tuxedo . Claudetteia Love , a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe , said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends , but now she and her friends are staying away . Though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow Love to wear a tuxedo , it was not acted on by school faculty . Carroll High School senior Claudetteia Love will skip her senior prom after her Monroe , Louisiana , school 's principal told her that she would not be allowed to wear a tuxedo . Principal Patrick Taylor told Love that the decision was dress-code related and that she should n't take it personally . ` I told my mom , `` They 're using me '' . They put me in all these honors and advanced placement classes so I can take all of these tests and get good grades and better the school , but when it 's time for me to celebrate the fact that I 've accomplished what I need to accomplish and I 'm about to graduate , they do n't want to let me do it the way I want to , '' she told The News-Star . The decision is part of the school 's dress code and not anything personal , principal Patrick Taylor told The News-Star . Love 's mother , Geraldine Jackson , said Taylor told her faculty members said they would n't supervise the April 24 prom if girls wore tuxes . ` That 's his exact words . `` Girls wear dresses and boys wear tuxes , and that 's the way it is , '' ' she said . Love was going to go to the prom with a group of friends and no date , but all of them have decided not to go after Taylor made his rule . Love 's mother said that she believes Taylor is ` taking his values and throwing them ' on her daughter because she 's a lesbian . ` I feel like he 's taking his values and throwing them on my daughter because of what her preference is and what she represents , ' Jackson added . Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland said Taylor 's decision was discriminatory and he disagreed with it . ` Banning her from her prom just because of what she wants to wear - that 's discrimination , ' he said . ` As far as I know there is no Monroe City School Board policy saying what someone has to wear to attend the prom . You ca n't just go making up policies . ' He said he planned to ask Superintendent Brent Vidrine to talk to Taylor . Love said that though she will skip her own prom , she hopes that she can make a difference for younger students . Love is a top-performing student at Carroll High School . She will represent the school at an annual scholars ' banquet and has a full scholarship to Jackson State University once she graduates . ` There are other girls in lower grades than me , and I want for them when they come up to not to have to feel like they are n't accepted , ' Love said . She added : ` I do n't want them to feel like they are less of a person because people do n't accept them . ` There are people in the world that wo n't accept you but they do n't have to be so judgmental and make you feel like you 're less of a person and that you should n't express yourself . ' Last year , Love was one of a group of students presented in a Monroe City School Board meeting as part of the school 's high achieving medical magnet program . She will represent the school at the annual Scholars ' Banquet , an event for the top students in Ouachita Parish , and has a full scholarship to Jackson State University .