Robert Lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as Bayern Munich earned a narrow victory against Borussia Dortmund at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday . Poland international Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer as Pep Guardiola 's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga . Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund , leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period , and offered only a muted celebration when he pounced to give the visitors the lead 10 minutes before half time . Click here to read Nicholas Godden 's full match report . Host commentator . League leaders Bayern Munich stretch their lead at the top of the table to 10 points . Former Dortmund man Lewandowski scored the only goal of the match to give his side the win . The home team deserved a point , however Guardiola 's side dug deep to hold on and claim yet another vital victory . It seems like Dortmund are going to run out of time to claim an equaliser . They are missing a Lewandowski or Gotze to provide that extra bit of quality in the final third . Dortmund were awarded a free-kick in a fantastic position . Reus tests his international team-mate but Neuer shows his class by stretching down to his right . He has to be the best goalkeeper in the world despite the form of De Gea and Courtois . Klopp has done all he can in terms of substitutions and tactical tweaks . It now rests with the likes of Kagawa and Reus to inspire the home side to at least claim a point . And they would be fully worthy of a point as they have impressed since the interval . Former Dortmund playmaker Gotze replaces Muller in the hole behind Lewandowski while Mkhitaryan comes on for Gundogan as Klopp 's side chase an equaliser . Alonso is booked for pulling back Kagawa 's shirt . 15 minutes left to play . Talking of players back from injury , Thiago is playing his first match of the season after being ruled out of action with a knee injury since March 2014 . Lahm 's first start of the season lasts 69 minutes as he is replaced by Thiago . Guardiola will be delighted to have his captain back after his lengthy spell on the sidelines . Kagawa gets his chance to impress as he comes on along with Ramos . Dortmund are starting to apply more pressure on Bayern 's defence . The next goal , if there is one , will be crucial . Reus should have finally tested Neuer , who is yet to make a save , however he manages to hit his shot wide of the goal . He literally had a free run at goal and had time to aim his strike . Here 's a stat for you - Manuel Neuer is yet to make a save during the first 60 minutes of the match . Schweinsteiger , who was on a yellow card , has been replaced with Rode with just over half an hour to go . Klopp will surely look to freshen up his side during the next 10 minutes . Dortmund have an early penalty shout as Reus is appended by Boateng however the referee waves play on . Reus went down in dramatic fashion which did n't work in his favour . Staff at the Signal Iduna Park had to remove a number of objects off of the field of play before the second half kicked off . The Yellow Wall appeared to chuck bananas at Manuel Neuer . Former Manchester United midfielder Kagawa or Mkhitaryan will surely feature in the second half if Dortmund 's current attacking players fail to cancel out Lewandowski 's opener . Lewandowski chose not to celebrate on his return to the Signal Iduna Park . What do you think about players who choose to respect their former sides ? Have your say below ! Owen Hargreaves : ` I thought Dortmund were terrific in the first 20 minutes but then they allowed Alonso to dictate play . It was a bit of a mistake by Hummels as he failed to make a tackle . ' Dortmund have come into the game since Lewandowski 's goal but they are yet to really trouble Neuer and Bayern 's three-man backline . Just one minute left to play of the first half . Lewandowski scores the opener against his former side by nodding home from close range after Muller 's shot was saved . The Polish striker chooses not to celebrate after spending four years at Dortmund . Muller and Lewandowski are linking up well but they are missing the pace and creativity of Robben and Ribery . Guardiola will be desperate to have the pair back for their upcoming Champions League ties against Porto . They play in yellow and now another one of their players has earned himself a yellow . Schmelzer becomes the second Dortmund star to be cautioned for a late challenge . Just under 30 minutes gone at the Signal Iduna Park . Aubameyang becomes the second player to go into the book . Both sets of players look fired up while the Signal Iduna Park crowd are jeering Bayern 's every touch . Referee Knut Kircher has dipped into his pocket to dish out the first yellow card of the match . The experienced Schweinsteiger will have to be careful in order to avoid seeing red . Reus looks like he is going to cause Bayern Munich problems today . Alonso could have been cautioned for a reckless foul on the Dortmund playmaker as he ran through the middle of the pitch . Klopp certainly thought he deserved a yellow . The Polish striker put the balls into the net against his former side but he is rightly flagged offside by the German officials . Subotic moved up to ensure Lewandowski was unable to put his side in the lead . Remains 0-0 . Bayern goalkeeper Neuer loves to have the ball at his feet and you can see his defenders are confident of his ability as they constantly play it back to the German international . Muller , who is playing just behind Lewandowski , tries to lift the ball over Weidenfeller and into Dortmund 's goal however his effort goes just wide of the post . Bayern have set up with a three-man defence with Bernat and Rafinha providing the width in the absence of Ribery and Robben . The two sides are currently paying their respect to those who died after the German Wings plane crash . Owen Hargreaves : ` A lot of clubs will be after Hummels in the summer . However I do not think he is the kind of player Manchester United need . They need a powerful defender rather than a ball player . ' If the German Clasico does n't tickle your fancy then you can follow the live action from Chelsea 's match against Stoke by joining Dan Ripley HERE . Both Klopp and Guardiola have quality to call on from their respective benches with the likes of Kagawa , Mkhitaryan , Gotze and Thiago among the substitutes . Dortmund subs : Kehl , Kagawa , Mkhitaryan , Ramos , Langerak , Ginter , Dudziak . Bayern Munich subs : Thiago , Pizarro , Guadino , Gotze , Rode , Reina , Weiser . Second-placed Wolfsburg defeated Stuttgart 3-1 earlier today to close the gap on Bayern , however Pep Guardiola 's side are still seven points clear at the top . Dortmund , on the other hand , have struggled to replicate the form they had previously shown in the last few seasons . Jurgen Klopp 's side are currently languishing in 10th spot . Manchester United fans will be keen to get a closer look at summer target Mats Hummels . The German defender reportedly told former Red Devils boss Sir Alex Ferguson that he would move to Old Trafford if he was to leave Dortmund . Read the full story HERE . Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm makes his first Bundesliga start since returning from an ankle injury to strengthen Pep Guardiola 's side . The Spaniard are without the injured Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery for today 's match . The teams are in at the Signal Iduna Park where Bayern will be hoping to stretch their seven-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga table by defeating Borussia Dortmund . Dortmund XI vs Bayern Munich : Weidenfeller ; Sokratis , Subotic , Hummels , Schmelzer ; Gundogan , Bender ; Błaszczykowski , Reus , Kampl ; Aubameyang . Bayern Munich XI vs Dortmund : Neuer ; Dante , Boateng , Benatia ; Rafinha , Alonso , Bernat , Lahm , Schweinsteiger , Muller ; Lewandowski . Borussia Dortmund may have had a Bundesliga season to forget , but there is nothing they would like more than to beat the runaway leaders and their rivals Bayern Munich . Pep Guardiola takes his German champions and Bundesliga leaders to Signal Iduna Park for ` Der Klassiker ' on Saturday evening hoping to avoid any slip-ups in their quest for another title . Bayern hold a 10-point lead over second-placed Wolfsburg with just eight games to play and will be eager to wrap up their third straight title as soon as possible . Kick off : 5:30 pm BST .