The end-of-season awards will go to the best attacker but if there was a Defender of the Year , John Terry would clean up . Nobody else would get close . This has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt . Two seasons ago Rafa Benitez said he could n't cope with two games a week . That will have frightened the life out of John . So credit Jose Mourinho for trusting him and building that defence around him . Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well . He did n't break sweat against Arsenal and Chelsea were too streetwise for Arsene Wenger 's team . John Terry celebrates after the Premier League match between Arsenal and Chelsea at Emirates Stadium . Chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season where Arsenal have lost twice -- that is the gap Wenger 's side need to bridge and Terry has been a huge part of that . I remember playing against him early in his career and after I tackled Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink , he clattered right into me -- he was n't going to let me put one on his team-mate . That 's when I knew he could grow up to be a special player . Terry celebrates with his team-mates after the Premier League draw against Arsenal in north London . One Hull of a result . Beating Crystal Palace was a massive result for Steve Bruce . Their run-in is horrendous and had they lost at Selhurst Park , surely it was all over . It shows how football fortunes can change in an instant . Hull are not the best away from home but as the stats below show , they thoroughly deserved their win . Dame N'Doye was the star and could have had a hatful but I love the way he took his second . That little delay of his foot was just enough to put the defender off balance and give him a sight of goal before firing it in . Bruce had to move quickly to sign him on deadline day in February but N'Doye has done well since joining from Lokomotiv Moscow . If he carries on like this and Hull stay up they might have to build a statue outside the ground ! Dame N'Doye celebrates scoring the opening goal during the Premier League win against Crystal Palace . Can Manuel still be the man ? After recent results , people say Manuel Pellegrini is a dead man walking . Beating Aston Villa was important but can he keep his job under so much pressure ? Deciding Pellegrini 's fate will be one of the toughest choices Man City 's owners have faced . I spoke to Frank Lampard and he says they are fantastic people -- there is no desire to chop and change . City are so close . They have world class training facilities , an expanding stadium and absolute fortunes to spend . But this season has been a blip . Manuel Pellegrini looks on during the Premier League match against Aston Villa at Etihad Stadium . Pellegrini won two trophies last year , so they could keep him and let him rebuild . Recruitment has been poor and they need to get it right in the summer . But it 's no good letting him buy players only to get a new man in next year . If he is sacked , who gets the job ? Pep Guardiola is the dream but it would take a major fallout for him to leave Bayern . Patrick Vieira has the tools but no experience , Jurgen Klopp would be appointed on past success and Diego Simeone is an underdog manager . City want style . There is no shame losing to Barcelona , it 's the defeats to the likes of Burnley and Stoke that have hurt Pellegrini . City could still get rid of him , but I 'm sure it would be with a heavy heart . Manchester City are dreaming of Pep Guardiola but it 's unlikely the Bayern boss will make the move to City . Flying Foxes . Talk about timing your run . Leicester are in amazing form . Four straight wins is good for any side , let alone one facing a relegation battle . It 's been a tough season for Nigel Pearson with all the drama of him being ` sacked ' and reinstated , but he has got his team flying at exactly the right time . Home disadvantage ? There were only two home wins this weekend with three away and five draws . At this stage in the season sometimes it 's far easier to play with freedom on the road than under huge pressure at home . Toon 's poor show . The way Newcastle are going I would not be surprised if they do n't get a single point between now and the end of the season . They have been an embarrassment . It 's as if they are in the clubhouse with 35 points . They do n't look like adding to that any time soon and anybody with Newcastle in their run-in has got a chance of a result . A deflated Jack Colback and Siem de Jong trudge off the pitch following yet another Newcastle defeat . The Newcastle players react as they suffer yet another defeat , this time to Premier League rivals Swansea . Chaos at Watford , but it works . Watford striker Troy Deeney celebrates scoring for Watford against Brighton at the Amex Stadium . Watford have spent 20 days at the top of the Championship table . Bournemouth , who are on the verge of promotion , have led for 111 days . Congratulations to Watford after their promotion , but if ever you want an example of how not to run a club , they have been it this season ! With unpredictable owners , four different managers and a host of key players on loan , it has been chaos . They have been outsiders throughout but have come through when it counts . I 've loved watching Troy Deeney and Odion Ighalo bang in the goals and you ca n't argue with the results . It just shows you there 's no right or wrong in football . The Watford players celebrate victory against Brighton as they all but secure their promotion to the big time . United slip up . Two weeks ago Man United had all the answers but two defeats later it 's back to the drawing board . It 's not that they have been found out , but maybe they are not as good as people thought . They were just in good form . They have had the luxury of playing with no European football this season so still have work to do in the summer . It 's the same feeling with Everton . They started the season dreadfully but have won five out of six . I 'm a Roberto Martinez fan and they have good players so we should not be surprised that things have changed . Louis van Gaal watches on as his Manchester United side are comprehensively beaten by Everton . Paying the penalty . Why oh why did Danny Ings not take that penalty for Burnley ? Yes , he is out of form and without a goal since February but what better way to get back on the scoresheet ? He took one against Aston Villa in November and scored and he and Burnley needed that goal . Then to make things worse Leicester go up the other end and score 27 seconds later . Burnley midfielder Matthew Taylor holds his head after missing the chance to score from the spot . It was a similar story at QPR . Charlie Austin 's goals have kept his side going this season but he has missed two big penalties now -- against Hull and West Ham . When every goal is so vital you ca n't afford to pass up these chances . PS If QPR go down , Austin wo n't be the only player with plenty of suitors . Matt Phillips has been scoring and setting up good goals in the run-in . He is a useful Premier League player . Charlie Austin looks on angrily following his penalty miss against West Ham United at Loftus Road .