SKYFARING . by Mark Vanhoenacker . -LRB- Chatto & Windus £ 16.99 -RRB- . Our fascination with aeroplanes , and the men who fly them -LRB- it is still overwhelmingly men -RRB- , has acquired a morbid flavour since Germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the French Alps by its troubled co-pilot Andreas Lubitz . The tragedy ignited an ongoing debate about stress and depression among pilots , and airline vetting procedures , in which just about all of us have a vested interest . This makes Mark Vanhoenacker 's book , unwittingly , very timely indeed . When he was writing it he had never heard of Lubitz , of course , but nor does he dwell on the horrors of 9/11 or any other plane crashes either accidental or premeditated . Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways , who wants us simply to understand his passion for his job , and to share with us many of its more beguiling secrets . Like me , he was still a child when he was first invited into an aeroplane cockpit , and like me , he regarded it as one of the transcendent treats of his young life . But for him , the mystique endured . It is reassuring , now more than ever , to be reminded that even for experienced pilots air travel can still be an exhilarating , almost magical experience . Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways and he wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job . Vanhoenacker , an American , worked as a management consultant before rekindling that childhood obsession . He learned to fly in Britain , tempted by our ` historic relationship with aviation ' . Coincidentally , his first job was to pilot the Airbus 320 on medium-distance European flights -- exactly what Lubitz was doing on that catastrophically fateful day . But Vanhoenacker moved on to Boeing 747s , and they are his great love . He admires the 747 like a sculptor might a perfect human torso , observing how pleasing they are to the eye . Vanhoenacker recalls a wildlife writer once describing Virginia 's great blue heron as ` the 747 of the swamp ' and notes how this would delight the aircraft 's chief designer , Joseph Sutter , who was greatly influenced by the anatomy of birds . But Sutter -LRB- now in his mid-90s -RRB- once stated that the 747 is more ` a place ' than a conveyance . Pilots like flying 747s for all kinds of reasons , Vanhoenacker tells us , but not the least of them is one of the most prosaic : unlike the Airbus , in which pilots usually wear heavy socks , they have foot heaters . And the ` frozen surface of the Arctic Ocean looks better -- everything looks better -- when your feet are warm ' . He writes elegantly about his pilot 's eye view of the world and explains that he has come to measure countries in jet time , ie how long they take to cross . Thus , Russia is a seven-hour country and Belgium , with a tailwind , is merely a 15-minute country . Noting the vast , desolate regions he routinely flies over , it does not surprise him that , according to one calculation , the portion of the Earth 's surface on which an unclothed human could survive for 24 hours is just 15 per cent . But of even more interest , certainly to those of us who occasionally fly long-haul , are the nuts and bolts of those journeys . Vanhoenacker will get to the airport 90 minutes before he pilots his 747 to Los Angeles or Tokyo , and there will meet the rest of the crew , 20 or so strong . And ` meet ' really means ` meet ' : air crews do not move as a pack , and are usually strangers to each other . As he puts it , ` our nametags are not worn only for passengers ... There is a reasonable chance we may never speak to each other again in our lives . ' Before boarding , he will brief the cabin crew on what kind of flight time and weather to expect , while they will tell him if there 's anything noteworthy about the passenger roster , and whether any of the BA staff on board have friends or family on the flight , people known , splendidly , as ` Klingons ' . Unsurprisingly , life on a 747 is full of jargon : a second co-pilot on longer flights is known as ` the heavy ' , one acting as ` heavy out ' , the other as ` heavy home ' . And for a pilot , the sky is full of aerial milestones called waypoints , with names usually comprising five capital letters . These often relate directly to the place below , so above Boston in Vanhoenacker 's home state , there is the waypoint LBSTA , referring to the region 's prized shellfish , and another , NIMOY , after one of the city 's more notable sons , the late actor Leonard Nimoy , who played Mr Spock in Star Trek . But other names are harder to explain . Above St Louis , Missouri , are the waypoints ANNII and LENXX . Vanhoenacker 's best guess is that an air-traffic controller there was a fan of Eurythmics ' singer Annie Lennox . Who would have thought that the mysteries of flying would embrace Mr Spock , Klingons and Annie Lennox ? Skyfaring is crammed with these revelations and more , while the acknowledgments end on a plaintive note . Maybe one day , Vanhoenacker hopes , wide-eyed children will again be allowed in the cockpit during a flight . In the meantime , he does a very good job of telling us what happens in there , and why we should still trust the men at the controls .