A married teacher was caught having sex with his model lover in a classroom at a top Catholic private school . Tutor Colin Turnbull , 69 , was found in a ` compromised position ' with Rozina Khanim by a governor at the £ 13,000-a-year independent Priory School in Edgbaston , Birmingham . The fee-paying school 's facilities manager Kevin Bird walked in on the pair while they were engaged in a sex act during an entrance exam day . Colin Turnbull -LRB- left -RRB- , 69 , was caught having sex with ` model ' Rozina Khanim -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- in a classroom at a £ 13,000-a-year Catholic private school in Birmingham . Caught : Mr Turnbull , 69 , was found in a ` compromised position ' with Ms Khanim by a governor at the school . The school was said to be packed with pupils and parents when Mr Turnbull and 39-year-old Ms Khanim - who describes herself as a model - were walked in on . The teacher has worked at the school for nine years , hiring out a room to offer private tuition to pupils looking to pass the 11 + , The Mirror reported . Mr Turnbull has not commented on the tryst , but the school confirmed senior staff had told him to ` never return ' . A school spokeswoman said : ` Once Mr Turnbull 's behaviour was discovered by the school 's facilities manager , he promptly informed the assistant headteacher . ` Mr Turnbull was challenged ; he fully admitted improper behaviour and was then instructed by the assistant headteacher to leave the school site immediately and to not return . ' She added that the teacher was not directly employed by the school but he did hire out the classroom for tuition . ` As far as the school is concerned , while behaviour of the sort alleged is wholly unacceptable in any circumstances , we understand from the advice taken from social services that Mr Turnbull had not engaged in any illegal activity . The Priory School -LRB- pictured -RRB- was said to be packed with pupils and parents when Mr Turnbull and Ms Khanim - who describes herself as a model - were walked in on . Elite : The independent Catholic school charges up to £ 13,000 a year in fees for students to attend . ` There was no pupil involved , the incident was between Mr Turnbull and an adult female , ' she added . School regulator Ofsted , Birmingham City Council and the Department for Education were all informed of the incident . A Department for Education spokesman said : ` Independent schools must adhere to the Independent School Standards . Any suggestion that schools are not doing so will be investigated . ' Sources close to the school , however , said Mr Turnbull had been allowed to ` leave by the back door ' and were angered that he would be able to continue teaching . Ms Khanim declined to comment but told the Birmingham Mail : ` That 's not how it all happened . ' The Priory School is attended by around 400 pupils , from ` Nursery and Poppets ' classes up until sixth form . It charges fees of up to £ 12,870 a year for its most senior students . On the school 's website , its headmaster Jonathan Cramb says ` knowing what is right and wrong ' allows teachers to get on with providing an education for pupils . More than 80 per cent of students got five GCSEs graded A * to C last year , well above the national average .