They are caught between their bodies and their church - but have managed to walk a line between the two . These three Mormons , all from Utah , have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the Church of Latter Day Saints . Indeed , church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery can not be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion . However , in the case of Annabel Jensen , Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse , they have found a way to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders . Scroll down for video . Struggles : Grayson Moore , left with his mother , and Annabel Jensen , right , have both transitioned gender . Grayson used to be Grace and Annabel was once Christopher . Changed : Sara Jade Woodhouse , above , changed gender much later in life . As a man , she had married and fathered a child . As an extensive profile of the three in the Salt Lake Tribune newspaper reveals , the three have managed stay devout members of the church while navigating the difficulties of their gender identity . According to the Tribune , around 30 transgender Mormons meet every week in a support group , and have started to get the attention of senior church members . Grayson Moore , 22 , is a math student at the University of Utah , and first came to terms with being transgender in junior high . Until then , he had been known as Grace , but made the decision to throw out his girls ' clothes , swap his name to Grayson and start living as a male . Therapy : Moore , pictured above at home in Syracuse , Utah , started taking testosterone hormones several years after switching to wearing boys ' clothes . Several years later he began testosterone therapy , which has made his body more masculine . He attends an all-male congregation , but is officially still listed as female by the church . He told the Tribune that after being told about gender identity disorder by his mother , he prayed to God asking ` Am I your son ? ' and felt the answer was ` yes ' . While he understood the change would be hard , he said ` there was a bigger risk in not transitioning . ' Accepted : Jensen told how she was welcomed when telling a Mormon bishop of her transgender identity . ` Living that lie was killing me . ' Annabel Jensen , who was born Christopher , got as far as being ordained as a Mormon elder and was lined up to go on a two-year mission before she confronted her identity as a woman . She came out to her family , who told her she could n't wear women 's clothes and insisted on using her old name . Jensen , who is estranged from her parents and siblings , now lives alone and has started taking hormones to be more female . She said : ` One of my brothers sent me a text calling me a monster . I miss my family , but I do n't want to visit . It 's become too painful . ' However , she has found solace in the church , and says the bishop of her ward was unambiguous about letting her join in . She remembers him saying : ` I do n't know anything about being a transgender Mormon - but it 's my job to welcome you . ' Sara Jade Woodhouse had already grown up , and had a wife a child by the time she embraced her female identity , which she says she felt since grade school . She separated from her wife after deciding she could go no longer without changing her identity . She explained the switch to her daughter , then five , who said she found it ` weird ' but looked forward to playing dolls with her . Woodhouse remains devout but is not allowed to attend the Relief Society - an all-female organization within the church . Difficult : Woodhouse has not been allowed to participate in some female Mormon activities , but says that she believes her gender identity is compatible with Mormon teachings . However , she believes that church doctrine on gender being eternal and unchangeable is compatible with her situation . She told the Tribune : ` We know that some people are born with ambiguous genitalia or with both - it is absolutely possible for a perfect feminine soul to end up in a male body and vice versa . ' Even the most senior members of the church are starting to take notice of the Mormon transgender population . Dallin H. Oaks , one of the twelve apostles who are in the top echelon of the church hierarchy , said more needs to be done . He told the Tribune : ' -LSB- Mormon leaders -RSB- have not had so much experience with -LSB- transgender persons -RSB- ... We have some unfinished business on that . '