It has been at the root of division and persecution for centuries , but it seems that the white skin of most modern Europeans did not evolve in Europe at all . Now genetic research has revealed that ancient European populations were dark skinned for far longer than had originally been thought . Rather than lightening as early humans migrated north from Africa around 40,000 years ago due to lower levels of sunlight , these first Homo sapiens retained their dark skin colour . Scroll down for video . This graphic above shows the influx of genes to Europe that brought lighter skin colour and taller body shapes , according to the new research on ancient human remains conducted by geneticists at Harvard University . Genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin . It was not until 7,800 years ago , when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared . DNA analysis obtained from ancient human remains has shown that as these farmers bred with the dark skinned hunter gatherers , one of these genes became prevalent in the European population and European 's skin colour began to lighten . Around 5,800 years ago the second gene , which makes skin colour lighter still , also began to spread though the European population . The first Europeans looked dramatically different to most of the fair skinned people that live there today . New research suggests Caucasians were a recent addition to the area , arriving on the continent 8,000 years ago . Europeans had dark skin for far longer than previously though . Photographed are two participants in the BBC 's Trading Races where members of the British public spent several days dressed with a different skin colour . The research , which was presented at the 84th annual meeting of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists , shows that populations in Europe were still evolving until relatively recently . It also shows that a population of hunter gatherers living on the site of Motala , southern Sweden , had already developed both skin-lightening genes around 7,700 years ago together with a third that gave them blue eyes . Dr Iain Mathieson , a geneticist at Harvard University in Massachusetts who led the work , said : ` Ancient DNA makes it possible to examine populations as they were before , during and after adaptation events , and thus to reveal the tempo and mode of selection . A study of ancient human bones has revealed how Early Europeans had difficulties digesting milk around 5,000 years after the introduction of farming . It took at least that long for their genes to evolve until they were no longer intolerant to lactose , the natural sugar in mammalian milk , scientists suggests . Researchers looked at ancient DNA extracted from 13 individuals buried at archaeological sites in the Great Hungarian Plain - a region known to have been at the crossroads of cultural change in European prehistory . the samples were dated from 5,700 BC to 800 BC , ranging across the Stone , Copper , Bronze and Iron Ages . ` Our findings show progression towards lighter skin pigmentation as hunter and gatherers and non-local farmers intermarried , but surprisingly no presence of increased lactose persistence or tolerance to lactose , ' said Professor Ron Pinhasi , from University College Dublin 's Earth Institute . ` This means that these ancient Europeans would have had domesticated animals like cows , goats and sheep , but they would not yet have genetically developed a tolerance for drinking large quantities of milk from mammals . ' ` We find a surprise in seven Scandinavian hunter-gatherers from the Motala site in southern Sweden who lived around 7,700 years before present . ` While the western hunter-gatherers of central and southern Europe largely have the ancestral allele at the two major European skin pigmentation loci , the closely related Scandinavian hunter-gatherers have both the derived alleles contributing to light skin pigmentation at high frequency . ' The study , which is also published on the open access site BioRxiv , compared the genomes obtained from the remains of 83 people found at archaeological sites across Europe along with the genomes of modern Europeans . The researchers found five genes associated with changes in diet , body size and skin pigmentation that underwent natural selection in the past 8,000 years . Studies suggest that Europe was first reshaped during the Neolithic Revolution 8,500 years ago . Farmers at this time travelled north , bringing new technology and language into Europe . Pictured is an early Neolithic 35-40 year old male from , Czech Republic , who was part of the first mass migration to Europe . Two of the genes were associated with producing light skin - SLC24A5 and SLC45A2 . They found that the remains of early hunter gatherers who lived in Spain , Luxembourg and Hungary around 8,500 years ago , they lacked these key gene variants . However , in the remains of hunter gatherers that had lived in Motala 7,700 years ago , they carried both variants of SLC24A5 and SLC45A2 that produced lighter skin . They also carried another gene known to produce blue eyes in Europeans . Surprisingly they found a fourth set of genes in the DNA from these people suggests these people may actually have been related to people living in East Asia at the time . Dr Mathieson and his colleagues also found that when the first farmers from the Near East arrived in Europe , they carried with them genes for light skin . At this time the SLC24A5 gene quickly became prevalent in southern and central European populations and then around 5,800 years ago . Previous research has identified a mass migration of Kurgan populations -LRB- Yamna culture -RRB- which went from the Russian steppes to the centre of Europe 4,500 years ago . Previously , researchers had believed it spread 8,500 years ago , when the first farmers from the Near East , now modern day Turkey , brought it to Europe . These gene is known to account for between 25-40 per cent of the skin tone lightening in Europeans . Around 5,800 years ago the gene variant for SLC45A1 then becomes prevalent , lightening skin colour further . The results contradict the traditional view that lower sunlight levels in Europe would have favoured lighter skin . The study also showed that around around 4,800 years ago a group of herders known as the Yamnaya migrated from the stepps between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea , carried with them genes for tallness to northern and central Europe . Professor Chris Stringer , a leading anthropologist at the Natural History Museum in London , said : ` This research adds yet more surprises to the remarkable complexity of population relationships in prehistoric Europe being uncovered through ancient DNA . ` Archaeologists had thought that Europe showed a relatively simple succession from hunter-gatherers in the Mesolithic to early farmers in the Neolithic , with the basic assumption that the arrival of farming significantly altered the biology of those first farmers , after which they gradually developed into the Europeans of today . ` But from ancient DNA it now looks like the first farmers in mainland Europe were still relatively dark-skinned and dark-eyed , and lacked the ability to digest milk properly until only about 4,000 years ago , while contemporary hunter-gatherers in Scandinavia may have been lighter-skinned but with a surprising frequency of a gene found in oriental populations today , suggesting they would have resembled them in hair form and the distinctive morphology of their front teeth . ` Ongoing selection , for poorly understood reasons , seems to have maintained large stature in northern Europe after the arrival of farming , while progressively reducing it in southern Europe , especially Iberia . ' Dr Nina Jablonski , a paleoanthropologist at Pennsylvania State University who was not involved in the research , told the journal Science : ` What we thought was a fairly simple picture of the emergence of de-pigmented skin in Europe is an exciting patchwork of selection as populations disperse into northern latitudes . ` This data is fun because it shows how much recent evolution has taken place . '