Labour would introduce a new legal right to ` granny leave ' to allow working grandparents to take time off to help care for their grandchildren . The party 's deputy leader Harriet Harman , in an interview with the Daily Mail , said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare . She said the policy , to be unveiled in Labour 's women 's manifesto , to be launched today , would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families . Scroll down for video . Labour 's deputy leader Harriet Harman -LRB- pictured -RRB- said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare . More than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work after maternity leave , and two-thirds of grandparents with grandchildren aged under 16 provide some childcare . Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job , reduced their hours , or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren . But the proposed extension of workplace rights to millions more staff is likely to meet with a backlash from some business leaders , who will have to bear the costs of absences . They are already having to implement a new system of shared parental leave , which allows mothers and fathers to swap their time off after a new child . Critics will argue businesses can not be expected to cope with more rights for employees as the economy recovers from the recession . Miss Harman insisted many businesses would welcome ` granny leave ' , since it would be likely to keep more older women in the workplace -- and also enable their children have a better work-life balance . She said she envisaged many grandparents using the new legal right to take time off over school summer holidays , when parents otherwise have to pay for expensive childcare . ` In many families , grandparents play an integral part of caring for their grandchildren and for many people that 's a financial necessity , ' she said . ` But many people are working longer and today 's generation of grannies are working until they 're 67 . They do n't want to have to choose between carrying on with their job and this role they regard as so important in their lives , which is their role with their grandchildren . ` More and more daughters and daughters-in-law are in work , childcare is more expensive and grandmothers are now working . ` Instead of having to choose between retiring early and giving up work , or not being part of the daily care for their grandchildren , we 're saying let 's look at the leave arrangements to recognise what the pattern of family life . ` This is the next frontier . It 's the first time there has been a policy which recognises this role of grandparents . ' Miss Harman says a Labour government would legislate to allow grandparents as well as parents , or those with legal responsibility , to access the leave . Currently , parents can claim 18 weeks unpaid parental leave - of up to four weeks in any given year - per child up to their fifth birthday , soon to be extended to their eighteenth birthday . Miss Harman says a Labour government would legislate to allow grandparents as well as parents , or those with legal responsibility , to access the leave . Employers would not have the right to turn down the requests for time off . Sam Smethers , chief executive of the charity Grandparents Plus , said : ` Grandparents are the hidden army of carers in Britain today . ` We know that one in five working parents -- two million of them - would give up work without grandparents to rely on . But increasingly grandparents are working too . ` So this policy is also a win for employers as it helps both parents and grandparents stay in work . ' Other measures in today 's manifesto will include doubling paid paternity leave from two to four weeks , and increasing the amount paid from just under £ 140 a week to £ 260 a week . The party also plans a controversial move to introduce ` compulsory ' sex and relationship education in schools . Labour would change the law if it wins the election to force all state-funded schools , including primaries , to put sex education on the curriculum . Labour sources say ` age appropriate ' teaching about sex and relationships would begin in Key Stage One , when children are aged five to seven . Parents would retain the existing right to withdraw their children from lessons on the subject until the age of 15 . The party will also pledge today to crack down further on domestic violence by appointing a new commissioner to direct policy to tackle abuse .