They were young men from stable families who believed they were stuck in dead end jobs and looked on with jealousy at the flashy lifestyles of others who had girls , money and fast cars at their fingertips . What Andrew Chan , then aged 21 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 24 , came to have in common was the belief that smuggling drugs would provide them with a short cut to the life of ease and glamour and - their biggest mistake - that they could get away with it . Thirteen years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected , the ringleaders of the infamous Bali Nine , who were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia , are now dead . Scroll down for video . Andrew Chan , pictured aged 21 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 24 , pictured during their first trial in October of 2005 , were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches , after being disillusioned by their jobs . Thirteen years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected , the ringleaders of the infamous Bali Nine and their tragic tale will shortly come to an end . Dubbed the masterminds behind the $ 4 million drug plot from the very beginning , the death penalty has never left the table for Chan and Sukumaran since they were first convicted in 2005 following a tip off from Australian federal police to Indonesian officials . But a glance at their working-class backgrounds would never have led anyone to predict their dismal fate . Chan , the youngest of four children and the son of Chinese immigrants , once described himself as the black sheep of his family . He worked as a supervisor for the catering company Eurest , where he first met Renae Lawrence , Martin Stephens and Matthew Norman , who he would later recruit into the drug smuggling roles that landed them in various Indonesian prisons . Sukumaran , a university drop-out and the eldest of three , still lived with his parents while working in a mail room . The Bali Nine trials began in October 2005 at Denpasar district court : Top row -LRB- from L-R -RRB- Myuran Sukumaran , Andrew Chan and Martin Eric Stephens , 2nd row -LRB- from L-R -RRB- Chen Si Yi , Tach Duc Thanh Nguyen and Matthew Norman , and 3rd row -LRB- from L-R -RRB- Scott Rush , Michael Czugaj and Renae Lawrence . Both men , who first met at a party in 2002 despite attending the same Sydney high school , had one thing in common ; they were disillusioned by their jobs and had been won over by the riches and lifestyle that selling drugs promised . ` I do n't think I was really going anywhere in life . I do n't think , you know , I was achieving too much , even though I had a stable job and all ... I was a drug user , ' Chan told Dateline in a 2010 interview in which Sukumaran also admitted : ` I did n't see myself working in the mail room for the next 50 years of my life ' . He continued : ` I thought `` No , I ca n't do this '' , then you see all these people like in night clubs with nice BMWs , and nice Mercedes and there 's always chicks there , and they was buying drinks for everyone and you think `` F *** '' , how do you do this on a mail room salary ' . Both men were arrested on April 17 in 2005 . Chan was intercepted at Denpasar airport along with Scott Rush , Michael Czugaj , Lawrence and Stephens who had heroin strapped to their stomach and legs , while Sukumaran was found at the Melasti Beach Bungalows hotel on Kuta Beach with Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen , Si Yi Chen and Norman . The latter were found with 334g of heroin along with materials for smuggling including Elastoplast , scales and plastic wrap . Both men were arrested on April 17 in 2005 . Chan was intercepted at Denpasar airport along with Scott Rush , Michael Czugaj , Lawrence and Stephens who had heroin strapped to their stomach and legs -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Sukumaran was found at the Melasti Beach Bungalows hotel on Kuta Beach with Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen , Si Yi Chen and Norman . Pictured : Scott Rush -LRB- left and right -RRB- with heroin strapped to his stomach and legs after being arrested . Renae Lawrence is pictured being searched by police . The latter group were found with 334g of heroin along with materials for smuggling including Elastoplast , scales and plastic wrap . It 's difficult to imagine the two men , now in their 30s and swearing by their rehabilitation , as the gangster thugs that threatened the lives of their drug mules . Although the Indonesian courts concluded that it could not be proven , Rush and Lawrence both claimed that Chan had threatened their families ' lives if they did not follow his orders . Meanwhile prosecutors accused Sukumaran of being uncooperative and having no remorse for his actions , making it all the easier to push for the death penalty . By October , the trials had begun for the Bali Nine at Denpasar district court and within just five months on February 14 in 2006 , Chan and Sukumaran were sentenced to death by firing squad . Stephens , Czugaj , Lawrence , Nguyen , Chen , Norman and Rush meanwhile , were given life in prison during trials between February 13 and 15 . However by the 17th , all of them had appealed their sentences except Rush , marking the beginning of a long battle with prosecutors as their verdicts wavered between death and life in prison . Although the Indonesian courts concluded that it could not be proven , Rush and Lawrence both claimed that Chan had threatened their families lives if they did not follow his orders . It 's difficult to imagine the two men , now in their 30s and swearing by their rehabilitation , as the gangster thugs that threatened the lives of their drug mules . Renae Lawrence is the only Bali Nine member who was given a reduced sentence of 20 years , while the other six -LRB- Chan and Sukumaran excluded -RRB- were sentenced to life in prison . Pictured Nguyen -LRB- left -RRB- and Rush -LRB- right -RRB- . Finally in 2011 , Rush was the last of the smugglers to be sentenced to life in prison along with five others . Renae Lawrence is the only Bali Nine member who was given a reduced sentence of 20 years . All seven are now waiting out their sentences from inside various Indonesian jails scattered around the country . Chan and Sukumaran 's death sentence on the other hand , would never budge . An initial appeal of the death penalty was rejected by the Bali high court in April of 2006 at a time when Australia 's prime minister at the time , John Howard , refused to interfere . A second attempt , this time requesting for a judicial review in August 2010 , were supported by prison officials who attested to their rehabilitation . Chan , covered in tattoos and gold jewellery upon his arrest , had transformed into a devout Christian minister ordained by the Bayside Church in Melbourne . All seven are now waiting out their sentences from inside various Indonesian jails scattered around the country . They fought a long battle with prosecutors as their verdicts wavered between death and life in prison . Several trips : Panel beater turned drug mule Renae Lawrence made two successful trips for Chan from Bali with heroin strapped to her body , but was caught on the third , in April 2005 , and sentenced to 20 years . Former Wollongong bartender , Martin Stephens -LRB- left -RRB- and Sydney catering worker Matthew Norman -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured at Kerobokan Jail , Bali , in 2007 , two years after they were duped by Chan who had promised them quick riches by acting as heroin mules in Bali . Skumaran meanwhile , had obtained an Associate Degree in Fine Art from Curtin University in Perth and became known for his haunting paintings . Both organised and ran various classes , including English and art classes , for their fellow inmates and spoke out in media interviews about their lengthy imprisonment and how they reflected on their past with regret . Both judicial review requests were rejected by July 2011 , leading the duo to appeal for presidential clemency from Indonesia 's then President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono in the following year . But a two year long wait amounted to nothing as both men had their pleas reject by Joko Widodo , who was elected in July of 2014 and by December had announced his hard-line stance on drug smugglers . The first four months of 2015 has proved to be a complete nightmare for Chan and Sukumaran and their families . Handcuffed and shackled , Andrew Chan cut a bleak figure as he was transferred from Bali to central Java and a prison cell on ` Death Island ' Utter despair was etched on Myuran Sukumaran 's face as he was led away to be transferred to Nusakambangan where he is due to face the death penalty . It began with the rejection of their clemency and the announcement that they would be amongst those next executed . In the following months judicial reviews were rejected , legal appeals failed along with appeals against the refusal for clemency and prisoner swaps were refused as the men 's lawyers mounted a new case in the constitutional court . The pleas of Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , Foreign Minister Julie Bishop and the Grand Mufti of Australia , Dr Ibrahim Abu Mohamed , fell on deaf ears as Mr Widodo repeatedly made his stance on drug smugglers clear - there would be no mercy .