A California woman was arrested after a video was posted on YouTube that showed her striking a young , crying child in the face with what appeared to be a iPad-like tablet . Yvonne Camargo , 39 , of Victorville , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged . The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman ` pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store ' , according to the posting 's description . Scroll down for video . Yvonne Camargo of Victorville , California , was arrested earlier in April after video surfaced of her appearing to hit a child . In the YouTube video Camargo can be seen hitting the child in the face with an iPad-like tablet . The woman can be seen wiping the young boy 's face as he cries . She loads him into the back seat of a Chevrolet sedan , where he continues to cry . She then reaches behind him , grabs the tablet and hits him in the face . The boy screams and grabs his face with his hands . The woman is oblivious to the fact that she is being filmed until the cameraman and another woman begin asking her what she 's doing . Camargo is oblivious to the fact that she is being filmed until the cameraman questions her intentions . He and another woman watching the incident tell Camargo she could go to jail . ` Hey , why are you hitting that kid like that ? ' the man asks . ` Why are you hitting that little baby ? ' The woman off camera says that Camargo could go to jail before questioning her actions . ` Hitting a f ****** innocent kid that ca n't protect themselves , ' she says . ` How do you feel hitting a kid ? ' Camargo does not respond , but instead gets into her car and the cameraman gets a shot of the license plate so she can later be identified . At the beginning of the video , Camargo can be seen wiping tears from the young boy 's face as he screams and cries . It is unknown what her relationship to the child is . A video viewer contacted the police after watching the footage and a deputy identified Camargo from the car 's plate , according to the Press-Enterprise . Authorities examined the child for injuries , contacted San Bernardino County Child and Family Services and interviewed Camargo . It is unknown what her relationship to the child is . The case is being submitted to the county 's District Attorney 's Office .