There at least 200 billion Earth-like planets in our galaxy -- and now Nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them . During a talk in Washington today , the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ` I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' Ellen Stofan , chief scientist for Nasa , said . Scroll down for video . During a talk today , Nasa announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ` I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' said Ellen Stofan , chief scientist for Nasa , -LRB- pictured -RRB- at a Washington panel discussion . ` We know where to look , we know how to look , and in most cases we have the technology . ' Jeffery Newmark , interim director of heliophysics at the agency , added : ` It 's definitely not an if , it 's a when . ' ` We are not talking about little green men , ' Stofan said . ` We are talking about little microbes . ' The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places . Jim Green , director of planetary science at Nasa , noted that a recent study of the Martian atmosphere found 50 per cent of the planet 's northern hemisphere once had oceans a mile deep . Scientists using the Hubble recently provided powerful evidence that Jupiter 's moon Ganymede -LRB- pictured -RRB- has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . The same study found that water had been present on the red planet for up to 1.2 billion year . ` We think that long period of time is necessary for life to get more complex , ' Stofan said . Nasa associate administrator John Grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond Earth may take . In their hunt for alien life , astronomers have so far focused on looking for Earth-like planets around smaller , cooler suns . But these exoplanets - despite having a chance of holding water - are believed to be locked in a rotation around their sun which causes only one side of their surface face the star . Now astronomers claim that such exoplanets actually rotate around their stars , and spin at such a speed that they exhibit a day-night cycle similar to Earth -- increasing the chance of finding alien life . Planets with potential oceans could have a climate that is much more similar to Earth 's than previously expected , ' said Jérémy Leconte , a postdoctoral fellow at the Canadian Institute for Theoretical Astrophysics -LRB- CITA -RRB- at the University of Toronto . ` If we are correct , there is no permanent , cold night side on exoplanets causing water to remain trapped in a gigantic ice sheet , ' he said . ` Whether this new understanding of exoplanets ' climate increases the ability of these planets to develop life remains an open question . ' ` Once we get beyond Mars , which formed from the same stuff as Earth , the likelihood that life is similar to what we find on this planet is very low , ' he said . ` I think we 're one generation away in our solar system , whether it 's on an icy moon or on Mars , and one generation -LSB- away -RSB- on a planet around a nearby star . Scientists using the Hubble recently provided powerful evidence that Jupiter 's moon Ganymede has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . Jupiter 's moon Europa and Saturn 's satellite Enceladus are also thought to have an ocean of liquid water beneath their surface in contact with mineral-rich rock . This , according to Nasa , means they may have the three ingredients needed for life as we know it . ` The science community is making enormous progress , ' said Green . ` And I 've told my team I 'm planning to be the director of planetary science when we discover life in the solar system . At the same conference last year , Nasa Administrator Charles Bolden made a more conservative estimate . He claimed that we will find life within the next 20 years - with a high chance it will be outside our solar system . Nasa next Mars rover , scheduled to launch in 2020 , will search for signs of past life and bring samples for a possible return to Earth for analysis . New Horizons took this image of the icy moon Europa rising above Jupiter 's cloud tops . The space agency is planning a mission to Europa , which may launch as early as 2022 , to find out whether the moon is habitable . Nasa also hopes to land astronauts on Mars in the 2030s , which Stofan says is crucial key to the search for Mars life . ` I 'm a field geologist ; I go out and break open rocks and look for fossils , ' Stofan said . ` Those are hard to find . ` So I have a bias that it 's eventually going to take humans on the surface of Mars -- field geologists , astrobiologists , chemists -- actually out there looking for that good evidence of life that we can bring back to Earth for all the scientists to argue about . ' The space agency is also planning a mission to Europa , which may launch as early as 2022 . It hopes to find out whether the icy moon is habitable . Meanwhile , the agency 's James Webb Space Telescope -LRB- JWST -RRB- , will launch in 2018 to scope out the atmospheres of nearby ` super-Earth ' alien planets .