A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood . The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland , inner-east of Sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries . It was taken in by a local vet clinic , My Vet Animal Hospital , who shared the story of aptly-named ` Seven ' on social media . Since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries . And now he is on the hunt for a new home . A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood . Once it was taken to the vet by a passer-by , doctors found maggots in its mouth while also discovering that the cat had injuries including a broken jaw , broken leg , broken hard palate and bruised lungs . The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland , inner-east suburb of Sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries . Seven was first introduced to the public in March when My Vet Animal Hospital posted a desperate call out to its owner . Found on the corner of O'Dea and Joynton Avenue in Zetland , the cat - believed to have fallen off a balcony - had no microchip and was in a ` terrible state ' . Once it was taken to the vet by a passer-by , doctors found maggots in its mouth while also discovering that the cat had injuries including a broken jaw , broken leg , broken hard palate and bruised lungs . Soon after , the clinic issued another post - this time seeking funds to raise enough money for Seven to receive all the appropriate treatment for his recovery . Seven was first introduced to the public in March when My Vet Animal Hospital posted a desperate call out to its owner . Since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries . ` My name is Seven and I 've been too sick to introduce myself for the past 2 days ! ' the Facebook post reads . ` A kind man brought me in after he found me lying on the floor covered in maggots and blood , I was on the verge of going to kitty heaven . ` The girls @myvetanimalhospital refused to give up on me and started treatments immediately . ` I hope to raise enough money for me to receive all the treatments that I need to get better and well again . Please help me get better because I want to ! ' Found on the corner of O'Dea and Joynton Avenue in Zetland , the cat - believed to have fallen off a balcony - had no microchip and was in a ` terrible state ' It was taken in by a local vet clinic , My Vet Animal Hospital , who shared the story of aptly-named ` Seven ' on social media . The plea had hundreds of shares on Facebook and with further help of fliers distributed near where Seven was found , his owner eventually came forward but had to surrender his pet as he could not pay for its treatments . Since the accident , Seven has undergone two surgeries - the first to repair the top part of his mouth and a following surgery for his broken leg . This was all paid for by the funds raised by those who were touched by Seven 's story of survival . The clinic 's veterinary nurse Jaycee Britter told the Daily Telegraph the surgeries cost over $ 3000 . For Seven , the vet clinic has been his temporary home for the last month where he is slowly learning to walk again . Doctors say Seven will be ready for his new home in about six weeks time .