Teaching assistant Phil Smith , 25 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- died after trying to climb through an upstairs window . A primary school teaching assistant who forgot to take his keys on a night out died after trying to climb through an upstairs window . Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head . The 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall . He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later on April 9 . Mr Smith 's parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children ' . His mother Lisa Darnbrough , 49 , said : ` Phil was such a lovely lad . You could not ask for a better son . ` He fought like a hero in hospital for five days after the fall , surprising us and the hospital staff . Sadly , he lost his battle but he gave us five days to come together and have time to say our goodbyes . ` We are so proud of Phil and we will make sure our hero gets the send-off he deserves . ' His father , Nick Smith , 50 , said : ` He just had such a positive outlook on life , we called it ` Phil 's bubble ' . ` He found out ways to bring out love in other people which is a rare quality to have . ' The 25-year-old was found by his housemate Kris Lake who tried to resuscitate him . He gained a degree in sports science at the University of Hull and worked as a teaching assistant at Riverside Special School in Goole , Yorkshire , where he met his girlfriend Eve Netherwood . Ms Darnbrough said : ` His eyes lit up when he talked about his job . ` I saw him in the classroom and he just had a natural talent with the children . It was effortless . He was so amazing at interacting with his students . ' His mother Lisa Darnbrough , 49 , -LRB- pictured together -RRB- paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children ' He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later on April 9 . Eve , 28 , said : ` Phil was simply amazing and a wonderful boyfriend . We had so many good times together . ' Phil played football for Haltemprice in the East Riding County League and a minute 's silence will be held at the next game . His manager , Rob Kennington , said : ` He was a manager 's dream . He was always the first to training and used to text me constantly to see if he was playing . ` He was very determined and wanted to improve and get better at everything . ` We will do everything we can to make sure people remember him and we are trying to get promoted this season as a legacy for Phil . ' The 25-year-old , who also coached young children , was found by his housemate Kris Lake who tried to resuscitate him .