David Haye was arrested at Dubai airport and held in a police cell over a £ 341,000 bounced cheque , it has been reported . Former two-weight world champion Haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced . The boxer , who has not fought since he defeated Dereck Chisora in July 2012 , also handed over his passport to authorities , and has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates - forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham at the weekend . Former heavyweight boxing champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai International Airport and questioned over allegations that he wrote a £ 341,000 cheque which bounced . He is pictured during his trip to Dubai . The cheque , worth 1.8 million Emirati Dirham , was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property , as part of a deal with developers Emaar , which is part-owned by the Dubai government . Haye has said the ` bounced ' cheque was down to an administrative error . He told The Sun 's Michael Hamilton : ` The cheque was presented to the bank four days before I landed . It was not due to be presented until final completion of my property , which is due in a few weeks . ` This was an administrative error which is being rectified . I explained to the police and presented documents as proof . But I can totally understand these mistakes can happen . ' Writing a cheque that later bounces is a crime in Dubai , and can be punishable with jail , a fine , and being ordered to pay the amount . Haye had been due to attend a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham on Saturday but was unable to leave the UAE . Instead he went to a Robbie Williams concert in Abu Dhabi . Police give suspects one month to pay the value of the cheque before taking the case to court . Figures released last June showed that Dubai police dealt with almost 80,000 bounced cheques in 2013-14 , worth 9.4 billion Dirham , or £ 1.7 bn . According to The Sun , Haye was held at the airport as he arrived for a holiday earlier this month after he was flagged up on a wanted list . He was reportedly taken to Bur Dubai police station , which has a department for bounced cheque suspects , and was released the same day . He surrendered his passport , as did two of his associates . The Foreign Office is understood to have had no involvement in the case . Haye has not been seen in the boxing ring since he defeated Dereck Chisora in July 2012 . He is pictured after the fight at Upton Park with the WBA and WBO International Heavyweight Championship belts . During his stay in Dubai , Haye has reportedly been staying at the luxurious Palm Jumeirah development , and has been tweeting photographs of himself enjoying the sunshine , as well as meeting fans . He posted a video to his Instagram account today thanking fans for their concern over an ` administrative issue ' as he walked along a beach in the sunshine . In the video , which he captioned ` Do n't worry about me too much !!! ' , he said : ` Thanks for all your worry and concern but do n't get too stressed about me , things are n't that bad . ` A little administrative issue has left me in Dubai for a few days longer than anticipated but it 's getting smoothed out as we speak and I 'll be back - probably in London or Las Vegas soon . ' Haye had been due to attend a BAMMA mixed martial arts event in Birmingham on Saturday , where he was to present a live broadcast for channel Spike TV , but was forced to cancel due to his extended stay in Dubai . Instead , his place on the commentary team was taken by WBA super-middleweight champion Carl Froch . In an Instagram message which was also posted to the event 's Facebook page , Haye said : ` Sorry I ca n't be there tonight for BAMMA 20 , I 'm gutted , I 'm stuck here in Dubai but I 'll be there on June 13 in Birmingham for BAMMA 21 . ' ` Enjoy the action tonight , it 's going to be great . ' While he should have been in Birmingham , Haye instead told his 1.05 million Twitter followers that he had been to a Robbie Williams concert in Abu Dhabi , writing : ` Rluctantly came to @robbiewilliams concert Abu Dhabi , as not my style of music . But I 'm a fan now , pure old school ! ' -LSB- sic -RSB- . Haye has not been seen in the ring since he defeated Dereck Chisora in July 2012 , while two planned fights against British rival Tyson Fury have fallen through , the second as a result of shoulder surgery . Despite being advised by doctors to give up boxing , he is said to be planning a comeback and hopes to fight again within the next 18 months . Since his last fight he has also appeared in the 12th series of I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here , finishing third in the television contest in November 2012 . MailOnline has contacted Emaar for comment .