Former Virginia first lady Maureen McDonnell who has been found guilty of corruption now says she did not receive a fair trial . Her attorneys argued Monday in a 101-page court filing that Mrs McDonnell 's public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery . McDonnell and her husband , former Gov. Bob McDonnell , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. . CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements . Scroll down for video . Last-ditch effort : Former Virginia first lady -LRB- pictured in February -RRB- Maureen McDonnell 's attorneys argued that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery . Downfall : McDonnell , pictured in February , and her husband , former Gov. Bob McDonnell , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. . CEO Jonnie Williams . Among the gifts were almost $ 20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell , vacations , golf outings and $ 15,000 for a daughter 's wedding . Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals . Maureen McDonnell 's legal team argued that her trial was unfair due a number of mistakes made by the presiding federal district court judge . The lawyers stated in their brief that ` at the very least , ' Maureen McDonnell should be granted a new trial . Maureen McDonnell was a onetime Washington Redskins cheerleader who was known for her work with military families . Her father was in the Marines and her husband was in the Army . Bob McDonnell was a former state attorney general who became chairman of the Republican Governors Association and he was widely considered a possible Mitt Romney running mate before the scandal broke . A six-week jury trial exposed details of the McDonnells ' strained marriage , and detailed the loans and gifts they took from Williams . ` How can a person become so bedazzled by material possessions that she can no longer see the difference between what 's appropriate and inappropriate , ' Spencer said . Fighting back tears , Maureen McDonnell apologized to her family and Virginians . Disgraced : Bob McDonnell , pictured outside US District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia in January , was sentenced in February to two years in prison . Lawyers for both Bob McDonnell and his wife argued in separate briefs that the favors he did for Williams did not amount to ` official acts ' covered by federal bribery law . ` I would ask in your sentence today that you consider the punishment I 've already received , ' she said . ` My marriage is broken , my family is hurting and my reputation is in shatters . ' At Bob McDonnell 's sentencing , Judge James Spencer described Williams -- who testified under immunity for the prosecution -- as a ` serpent ' that Maureen let into the Executive Mansion . Maureen McDonnell , who according to her lawyer had developed a ` crush ' on Williams , said Spencer was right . ` The venom from that snake has poisoned my marriage , has poisoned my family and has poisoned the commonwealth that I love , ' she said . ` I opened the door , and I blame no one but myself . ' Lawyers for both Bob McDonnell and his wife argued in separate briefs that the favors he did for Williams did not amount to ` official acts ' covered by federal bribery law . According to Maureen McDonnell 's appeal , Judge Spencer gave the jury an overly broad definition of ` official act , ' and in what her lawyers described as an ` Orwellian moment , ' the prosecution extended it to the governor 's wife to prove conspiracy between the spouses , even though she was never a government official , reported the Richmond Times-Dispatch . Her sentence was less than the 18 months sought by prosecutors . Defense attorneys had asked for probation and 4,000 hours of community service .