Dr Dorin Scladan removed the 11 lb -LRB- 5 kg -RRB- growth from the woman , who had believed she was pregnant . A Romanian woman who believed she was pregnant was devastated to be told she actually had an 11 lb tumour inside her uterus . Madalina Neagu , 42 , arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen and told doctors she believed she was in labour . As a result , medics at Botosani County Hospital prepared to operate to deliver the child . But after carrying out tests , they were shocked to discover she was n't pregnant at all . Instead , she was actually carrying a 11 lbs -LRB- 5 kg -RRB- tumour inside her uterus . One of the doctors treating her , Dr Dorin Scladan , 47 , said : ` As the woman told us she was pregnant , we initially expected pregnancy complications . ` In fact , the size of her belly was quite similar to that of a nine-month pregnant woman , so we did n't have any reason to doubt what she told us . ' Dr Sclandan and his colleage Dr Camelia Todica , 43 , carried out an operation to remove the tumour . The patient was then transferred to intensive care - and doctors say she will recover . Dr Scladan said : ` We do n't often see a tumour of this size and in this location . ' The news comes after last year MailOnline reported on the story of Lorna Fulton , 44 , who desperately wanted a family and believed she was pregnant when her stomach began to swell . She had ballooned to a size 26 and her waistline had been expanding despite months of dieting . But while she hoped this was a sign she was expecting , specialists discovered a huge ovarian cyst . Mrs Fulton was forced to undergo a full hysterectomy at Glasgow 's Royal Infirmary where medics drained more than 32 litres of fluid from her stomach . It was revealed she had been carrying around a 5st cyst , a sac of fluid that forms on the ovary , for months . She recovered after the operation , and although she now can not have children , says she feels ` lucky to be alive ' . Doctors carried out emergency surgery to remove the tumour from the woman 's uterus , and she was transferred to intensive care . And in 2012 , MailOnline reported on the story of Kayleigh Terry , 21 , who believed she was pregnant with her first child after gaining weight . But she was terrified to discover she actually had cancer . An ultrasound scan revealed she had a large cancerous growth which covered an area from her breast to her lower abdomen . She was diagnosed with Ewing 's Sarcoma and had emergency chemotherapy to shrink the potentially deadly tumour . Miss Terry lost her hair and eye-lashes along with 3st in weight after the shrunken tumour was removed a few months later . But after treatment , she was given the all clear , and now hopes to start her own family .