Billionaire Paul Allen has created a new company that will launch satellites and people into space from the world 's biggest plane . The Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled ` Vulcan Aerospace ' , which will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems . This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft -LRB- 117 metres -RRB- . Paul Allen , the Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled ` Vulcan Aerospace ' , which will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems . This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft -LRB- 117 metres -RRB- . The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude , avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth . This will then go into orbit as normal and deliver a satellite . Initially , the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500 lbs -LRB- 6,124 kg -RRB- into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles -LRB- 180 km and 2000 km -RRB- above Earth . Allen 's vision is to create a giant air pad in the sky , allowing payloads to reach space faster and at a lower cost than existing technologies . The Stratolaunch carrier aircraft will be powered by six 747-class engines , is currently being assembled at Mojave , California . Initially , the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500 lbs -LRB- 6,124 kg -RRB- into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles -LRB- 180 km and 2000 km -RRB- above Earth . The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude , avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth . The company will ` shift how the world conceptualises space travel through cost reduction and on‐demand access , ' according to Vulcan Aerospace president Chuck Beames who made a presentation in Colorado Springs this week . The Stratolaunch Systems project was inspired by SpaceShipOne which won the $ 10 million Ansari X Prize in 2004 for becoming the first privately funded manned vehicle to reach space . ` Stratolaunch 's ability to launch from variable locations will enable satellites and humans to be efficiently inserted into their most optimal orbit at a time of the customer 's choosing , ' Beames wrote . The Stratolaunch carrier aircraft 's 385 feet -LRB- 117 metres -RRB- wingspan compares to 320 feet for H-4 Hercules and 225 feet for Boeing 747-8 . Earlier this year , the world received its first glimpse of a gigantic airplane that will serve as an airborne launch pad for putting satellites - and eventually people - into orbit . Picture is its twin fuselage sections . ` Launching far away from populated areas -LRB- i.e. middle of the ocean -RRB- also significantly reduces public safety risk . The Stratolaunch carrier plane is on track to make its first test flight in 2016 , according to Space.com . The rocket is being developed by Orbital ATK , and the designs uses solid-fuel lower stages and an upper stage powered by RL-10 engines . But according to SpaceNews , Beames indicated that the company is also looking at other launch vehicle options . Wingspan : 385 feet -LRB- 117 metres -RRB- . Engines : Six 747-class engines . Fuselage length : 238 feet -LRB- 72 metres -RRB- . Weight : 1,200,000 lb -LRB- 544,311 kg -RRB- . Maximum speed : 460 knots , 530 mph -LRB- 850 km/h -RRB- . Maiden launch : Flight testing will begin in 2016 . The first launch of the space launch vehicle is likely to take place in 2018 . Satellite delivery : Initially , the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500 lbs -LRB- 6,124 kg -RRB- into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles -LRB- 180 km and 2000 km -RRB- above Earth . Launch sites : Several sites are under consideration , including Kennedy Space Center , Wallops Island and Vandenberg AFB . An animation of the moment the Stratolaunch carrier aircraft delivers a rocket high into Earth 's atmosphere before it goes into orbit . Each of the twin fuselages of the the Stratolaunch carrier aircraft is 238 feet long and , when complete , will be supported by 12 main landing gear wheels and two nose gear wheels . ` What we really want to do is focus on a lower-cost propulsion system that is evolvable in some fashion , ' he said . ` We 're still looking at Orbital as a potential option , ' he said . ` We 're widening our aperture to see if this is the right path forward . ' Stratolaunch could someday support several launch vehicles , he said . As a result , Stratolaunch said it is temporarily halting work on a crewed vehicle that would launch on the Orbital ATK booster . That company added that it is deferring work on a crewed vehicle that would launch on the Orbital ATK booster to focus more heavily on getting the Stratolaunch carrier aircraft off the ground . In February . the world received its first glimpse of a gigantic airplane . Its 385 feet -LRB- 117 metres -RRB- wingspan compares to 320 feet for the Hughes H-4 Hercules and 225 feet for the Boeing 747-8 . Pictured is one of its twin fuslage sections . Rare stills taken from footage shot for a recent news story by KGET 17 , a Bakersfield TV station , show its huge size , according to a report by Guy Norris in Aviation Week . Hours after unveiling its next-generation ` Vulcan ' rocket this week , United Launch Alliance -LRB- ULA -RRB- , ran into its first problem - the rocket 's name . ` Vulcan is a trademark of Vulcan Inc. and we have informed ULA of our trademark rights , ' Chuck Beames , president of the Paul Allen-backed Vulcan Aerospace , told Reuters . ` Paul Allen and Vulcan were early leaders within space exploration with the launch of SpaceShipOne more than a decade ago . We are flattered by ULA 's tribute to our legacy by naming their new rocket ` Vulcan ' , ' Beames said . ULA , a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co , selected Vulcan as the name of its new booster , which will be developed in phases beginning in 2019 , after it won more than 1 million votes in a crowdsourcing initiative . ` We have done our due diligence regarding the legal right to use the name Vulcan , ' ULA spokeswoman Jessica Rye wrote in an email . ` ULA is committed to taking every reasonable step to avoid any confusion with other entities using this name and we are confident we can do so , ' she said . The images show one of the two twin fuselage sections under assembly . In the news report , Scaled Composites president Kevin Mickey says the company has so far built ` roughly 200,000 lbs of composite structure ' for the vehicle . Instead of a satellite , the Stratolaunch airplane could launch a Dream Chaser spaceship , which would be outfitted with an as-yet-unspecified upper-stage rocket motor . ` Dream Chaser seemed to be the logical way to go , ' Stratolaunch Executive Director Charles Beames said in October . The Stratolaunch carrier aircraft 's 385 feet -LRB- 117 metres -RRB- wingspan compares to 320 feet for the Hughes H-4 Hercules and 225 feet for the Boeing 747-8 . Each of the twin fuselages of the Stratolaunch carrier aircraft is 238 feet long and , when complete , will be supported by 12 main landing gear wheels and two nose gear wheels . Stratolaunch has produced computer-generated images and videos of the aircraft , but the TV footage was the first time images of the real vehicle have been shown . Allen has previously said his project would ` keep America at the forefront of space exploration and give a new generation of children something to dream about ' . Several companies are competing to develop spacecraft to deliver cargo and astronauts to the International Space Station . The Microsoft billionaire criticised the fact that government-sponsored space programmes are waning . Nasa is paying Boeing and SpaceX to build the capsules and fly them from Cape Canaveral , which has n't seen a manned launch since the shuttles retired in 2011 . In the news report , Scaled Composites president Kevin Mickey says the company has so far built ` roughly 200,000 lbs of composite structure ' for the vehicle . Rare stills taken from footage shot for a recent news story by KGET 17 , a Bakersfield TV station , show its huge size . Stratolaunch has produced computer-generated images and videos of the Stratolaunch carrier aircraft , but the TV footage is the first time images of the real vehicle have been shown .