An eagle demonstrated its footwork after gate-crashing a football team 's training session and enjoying a solo kick-about . Filmed in North Vancouver , the bird - which appears to be a golden eagle , despite some speculation that it is a young bald - is captured standing over a football during its try-out before giving it a slight peck with its beak . After standing and shaking its head , the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot . The bird interrupts the training session by approaching a football and giving it a peck before enjoying a kick-about . Excited by the movement , it runs after it and rolls the ball to the right before jumping up on it with both feet . As the ball rolls away the members of the North Shore Football Club , whose training session had been interrupted by the eagle , can be heard laughing . The bird then runs back over to the football and a youngster can be heard saying : ` The eagle has landed . ' The eagle gets excited and after rolling the ball , jumps up onto it with both feet and causes it to move . Rolling the ball back a few more times , the bird once again jumps onto it before stopping to give it another peck . Upping the quality , the eagle rolls the ball to the left once more but this time keeps its foot on top of it so that it is controlled underneath . It then successfully jumps up onto the ball with two feet and balances for a moment before its momentum causes the ball to roll away - as if it had given it a kick . The eagle successfully attempts to roll the football with both feet on a number of occasions . The ball is then passed back to the bird by the video maker , but the eagle seems to have lost interest and lets the ball roll by . Before turning and running over towards it with an unmeasured amount of excitement . The video concludes with what must be the team 's coach saying : ` Okay guys let 's get back in the grid , let 's go . ' The majestic bird finishes its kick-about and sits beside the ball before deciding to fly away . And the bird , who sits majestically next to the football for a moment , flying away . According to National Post Canada , the boys from the North Shore Football team , delighted by the eagle , were from Sutherland secondary school in Vancouver .