Carl Frampton has been offered a huge £ 1.5 million payday to face Scott Quigg in one of the biggest all-British fights in recent memory . Talks between the two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill , but Quigg 's promoter , Eddie Hearn , attempted to jolt Frampton 's camp into a July 18 fight in Manchester by offering the biggest cheque of the Northern Irishman 's career to date . The proposal was made live on television , with Frampton 's team , led by Barry McGuigan 's Cyclone Promotions , given until the end of the week to accept the terms . Eddie Hearn presents the cheque for £ 1.5 m to set-up Scott Quigg 's fight with Carl Frampton . Matchroom Sport boss Eddie Hearn said the cheque offered 1.5 m reasons for the two boxers to fight . Quigg stares down the camera to tell Frampton to ` put his money where his mouth is ' It 's a bold move that could see Quigg pocket substantially less Frampton if the pay-per-view purchases do not meet Hearn 's predictions . But with the fight more than a year in the making a low revenues seems unlikely , although at present there is only a moderate chance Frampton 's camp will accept the terms , having released their own statement to demand further talks . Quigg said : ` He called me out on national TV and I saw on Twitter that he apparently said I 'm a Sky hype job . Well come and fight the hype job . ` I respect him as a fighter , he is very good . And I believe he does want the fight and he genuinely believes he will beat me . If he wants the fight then tell his team , the offer is there . I generally believe he wants the fight but we will find out if he actually does -- there is £ 1.5 m if he wants it . ` He has one and a half million reasons to fight me . ' Quigg is the defending WBA super-bantamweight champion and wants to fight Frampton in Manchester . Quigg celebrates his win over Hidenori Othake at the Liverpool Echo Arena in November last year . Hearn added : ` Scott might not get £ 1.5 m . That is not how this offer is working . This offer is us working together to come up with an offer , that we believe Carl Frampton can not turn down . If it does n't do the pay-per-view buys that we anticipate , Scott might get a third of that -LRB- £ 500,000 to Frampton 's £ 1.5 m -RRB- . We take the risk . Carl does not have to take any risk . ' Hearn and McGuigan met in London a fortnight ago to discuss the bout , as reported by Sportsmail . Those talks ended in stalemate , with Cyclone Promotions insisting on Tuesday that Hearn would have to return to the negotiating table if the fight is to happen . The statement read : ` If Matchroom Sport are interested in joining Cyclone Promotions in staging this domestic superfight , we recommend Matchroom accept the invitation for a follow-up meeting . ` If Matchroom Sport does not want to meet , Carl Frampton will make an optional defence of his IBF world title this summer . ' Carl Frampton lands a punch on American opponent Chris Avalos during their fight last month . Frampton celebrates after his win over Spain 's Kiko Martinez in September last year .