While every aspiring actor dreams of Hollywood stardom , an A-list career does n't always show up . For actors hovering somewhere between the big time and the dole queue , there is the comforting world of the British soap opera , where stars are guaranteed regular work and a spot in the nation 's living room three times a week . If long-running series such as EastEnders , Coronation Street and Emmerdale have been a launchpad for many an acting career , it 's also provided a safe haven for those looking to side-step from a different career or reinvigorate their public profile . Scroll down for video . Gracing the cobbles : After first achieving fame with Girls Aloud , Sarah Harding has turned her hand to acting , signing up to appear in four episodes of Coronation Street . Walford-bound : Denise Van Outen is the latest big name to sign for EastEnders . The former Chicago star has admitted that she 's turned down the offer twice before . This week saw some big-name announcements in the land of soap , with former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding announcing that she 's putting her pop career on hold to star in at least four episodes of Coronation Street . A Street insider told the Mirror : ` We 're delighted to land Sarah - her character has real potential . ` She will prove a real trouble-making fly-in-the-ointment - especially for Tracy Barlow . At the other end of the soap map , Denise Van Outen will soon be seen charging through Albert Square ; the actress is to play Max Branning 's new love interest , Carin Smart , in the long-running series . Mum-of-one Denise admitted that she 'd previously turned down offers from the soap , firstly because of other work commitments and then because she was a new mum and did n't want the often gruelling schedule that comes with a soap contract . Sarah and Denise are n't the only names to sign on the dotted line for soaps at an interesting stage in their careers . Two days ago , celebrated stage actress and 70s child star Bonnie Langford announced that she will also take a new role in EastEnders , playing the role of Carmel Kazemi . We know lots about the stars who 've carved out successful careers after leaving soap operas ; Kylie , Anna Friel , Guy Pearce , Sarah Lancashire , Joanna Lumley and even Jude Law ... but there 's also a growing list of faces who you might not have expected to see mucking out the stables in Emmerdale or pulling a pint behind the Queen Vic . Let us explain . A healthy career -LRB- left , pictured in The Football Factory -RRB- was n't helped by comments Dyer made about the September 11th terror attacks and some dubious remarks in a lad 's mag . When Eastenders came knocking in 2013 , he promptly signed up and has n't looked back -LRB- pictured right with co-star Barbara Windsor -RRB- . DANNY DYER . London actor Dyer was seen as a big-name signing when he agreed to play Mick Carter , a new landlord at the Queen Vic in EastEnders . After starring in films such as Human Traffic and The Football Factory , the actor had seen his career soar and was even cast by leading English playwright Harold Pinter in two of his plays and then took a starring role in an adaptation of another , The Homecoming , in 2008 . His famously loose tongue saw Dyer 's popularity plummet somewhat though after he made controversial comments about the 9/11 terror attacks and offered some dubious advice in lad 's mag Zoo . The star turned down the offer of EastEnders in 2009 but after finally accepting in 2013 has n't looked back . The cockney rebel even bagged the Serial Drama Performance award at the National Television Awards earlier this year . More Met Bar than the Yorkshire Moors ... but Patsy Kensit made a huge success of her stint in Emmerdale , playing superbitch Sadie King . PATSY KENSIT . The Yorkshire moors might have been the last place that you 'd expect to find Patsy Kensit but in 2004 , the actress announced that she 'd been tempted north by the role of soap villain Sadie King . Despite a glamourous life that had seen marriages to rock stars Dan Donovan , Jim Kerr and Liam Gallagher and a set of celebrity friends , Patsy was anything but afraid of heading to the countryside to get her acting career back on track . She later said of the role : ` The one great thing about being an actress is I love playing different characters and I was really blessed with Sadie King . ' ` She was this total bitch and the writing was incredible . I worked with a brilliant cast and I learnt so much from them . I loved it . ' Actress Michelle Collins left EastEnders in 1998 after a decade of playing Cindy Beale ... only to make the leap to rival soap Coronation Street after a period of stage and screen work in 2011 . MICHELLE COLLINS . For ten years , Michelle Collins caused chaos in Albert Square as evil Cindy Beale . When she was written out in 1998 , a series of high profile drama roles followed including Two Thousand Acres of Sky , The Sleeper and Daylight Robbery . The lure of soapland proved too strong though and by 2011 , Michelle had ditched less reliable stage and screen work in favour of a regular spot on rival soap Coronation Street . Playing the landlady of the Rovers Return , Michelle stayed until 2014 when she left amid rumours that she was unhappy with the lack of screen time that her character was being afforded . The Carry On films ensured Barbara Windsor was a household name but her career was reborn when she was cast alongside Steve McFadden and Ross Kemp in Eastenders in 1994 . BARBARA WINDSOR . In possibly the most perfect piece of casting ever performed in soapland , EastEnders snapped up national treasure Barbara Windsor just as her star was fading . The actress , made famous for her saucy antics in the Carry On films , had seen bigger theatrical roles all up but dry up by the time EastEnders tapped on her agent 's door . Peggy Mitchell was born and Barbara was the perfect foil to rugged eggheads Grant and Phil Mitchell . The actress stayed in the role for sixteen years , signing in 1994 and leaving in 2010 . Now elevated to soap royalty , she 's contracted to appear in one episode a year . EastEnders put Barbara back in the spotlight and other roles followed ; next year she is set to reprise the role of Dormouse in Tim Burton 's sequel to his 2010 Alice in Wonderland film . A love affair with the soaps : Daniella Westbrook , who has admitted to having a tough year and was even spotted working in a friend 's pub , will soon return to the set of Channel 4 's Hollyoaks . DANIELLA WESTBROOK . After much publicised struggles with sobriety , Danniella Westbrook is heading back to her soap roots , after recently informing fans that she plans to return to Hollyoaks . The star confirmed her return as former jailbird Trudy Ryan on the Channel 4 show , bringing to an end a difficult 12-month period during which she lost her family home and returned to rehab . Daniella , who was cast as Peggy Mitchell 's daughter Sam in EastEnders when she was just 16 , famously battled a cocaine addiction which forced her septum , the bridge under the nose , to collapse . In recent years , the actress has appeared on reality television and even had a stint in Los Angeles but will be relieved to back in the bosom of British soap .