A Saudi Arabian man has been arrested at the Mexican border after attempting to flee the country to avoid facing rape charges in Utah . Monsour Alshammari , 27 , is in the U.S. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country 's royal family , according to court documents . He was picked up by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on Friday and a judge in Provo signed an arrest warrant on Monday to extradite him back to Utah . Monsour Alshammari , 27 , was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego . He is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February . Alshammari had been charged on April 3 with rape , a first-degree felony , and obstructing justice , a second-degree felony . He has not yet entered a plea to those charges . Prosecutors believe Alshammari was attempting to flee the country with no concern for the $ 100,000 someone posted for his bail . He is being held at a facility in San Diego until he can be extradited to Utah . Orem police Lt. Craig Martinez said that process could take several weeks . Utah police said in court documents that they want Alshammari held without bail in Utah because they believe his international connections and willingness to walk away from $ 100,000 bail mean he 'll flee the country to avoid prosecution . ` If you are bailing out , you are not supposed to leave the state -- let alone the country , ' Deputy Utah County Attorney Craig Johnson told KSL.com . ` If he had been successful , there is no way for us to extradite him back to Utah -- especially with his ties to the royal family . ' Alshammari was arrested in March , nearly a month after a woman reported to police she had been raped , while on a date . The victim led police to Alshammari at this apartment complex near Utah Valley University . He was booked into the Utah County jail on March 26 , but $ 100,000 in bail was posted for him five days later . Alshammari 's attorney Ron Yengich declined to comment on Tuesday , saying he had not talked with his client since the arrest . When asked about Alshammari 's connections to the Saudi Arabian royal family , Yengich said he would not speak about any relationship or connections due to attorney client privilege . Police did not offer details about the royal connection , besides saying that federal officials reported Alshammari is related to royalty and has family connections to the Saudi Arabian government .