An Australian businesswoman has come out on top against the world 's 13th richest billionaire after stopping BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term ` Brow Bar ' exclusively . Beautician Chernae Noonan , who founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar , has blocked the cosmetic giant 's application to trademark the phrase . BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy -LRB- LVMH -RRB- , which is run by luxury goods tycoon Bernard Arnault . Australian beautician Chernae Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003 . Mr Arnault 's estimate wealth is thought to be $ 37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in France , according to Forbes . The case between Ms Noonan and BeneFit was heard in the Australian Trade Marks Office earlier this year in February and ruled in the Queensland woman 's favour . Ms Noonan started her business in 2003 in her Springwood home and since then it has seen ` significant growth ' . She has rolled out six stores across Australia - including on the Gold Coast , Sydney and Melbourne . She has stopped BeneFit Cosmetics from using ` Brow Bar ' exclusively after the company launched an application to trademark the term in Australia . The Brow Bar services ` women of relatively high disposable income aged 25 to 55 ' along with a small group of men . Ms Noonan took action against BeneFit when the cosmetics giant sought to trademark ` Brow Bar ' in Australia in 2011 . BeneFit is owned by luxury goods company LVMH , which is run by the world 's 13th richest billionaire , Bernard Arnault -LRB- pictured -RRB- . She said customers would confuse her business , The Brow Bar , with BeneFit Brow Bar at Myer stores in Western Australia , New South Wales , Australian Capital Territory , Queensland , South Australia and Victoria . According to the ruling , Ms Noonan said journalists , media writers and online forum contributors often confused the two . Lawyers for BeneFit told the Australian Trade Marks Office the company had already trademarked the term in Hong Kong and Mexico , and had been using the name in its United States stores since 2003 . Hearing officer Nicole Worth said she did not consider the word ` Brow Bar ' to be used commonly enough to be deemed as ` generic ' as lawyers for BeneFit argued . She added the addition of the word ` BeneFit ' to ` Brow Bar ' also did not help differentiate the cosmetic giant 's services from Ms Noonan 's business . ` Additionally , although -LSB- BeneFit -RSB- did not know of -LSB- Ms Noonan 's -RSB- trademark when it adopted the phrase `` browbar '' in the USA , it is reasonable to expect that it ought to have checked the Australian market for conflicting trade marks before entering it , ' Ms Worth said . ` It also continued to expand its business under the -LSB- trademark -RSB- in the knowledge that a prior conflicting mark was registered and being used ... That it did so is a risk it chose to bear . ' Daily Mail Australia has contacted Ms Noonan for further comment but she did not wish to as BeneFit is appealing the decision . A statement on the matter has also been sought from the cosmetics brand .