A five-year-old boy who battled cancer has been given the all clear by doctors - after creating a superhero mask to help him through his treatment . Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , neck , lungs and bones . But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy . Hospital staff were amazed when the youngster , from Stretford , asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his treatment . Harley Renshaw has been told he is cancer-free after battling an aggressive form of the disease for a year . He donned a superhero costume during his radiotherapy treatment , to help him feel brave . Harley asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his radiotherapy treatment like a Ninja Turtle . After Harley 's story made headlines around the world , staff at children 's TV channel Nickelodeon even sent Harley a box full of Ninja Turtle presents for Christmas . And now doctors given Harley 's parents Oliver , 25 , and Stacey , 23 , the news they had not dared to dream of - he is free of cancer . He will undergo regular check-ups over the coming years to make sure he stays free of the disease . Mr Renshaw said : ` We 're chuffed to bits . Harley is doing great . It was just over a year ago that he was diagnosed and he has been through it . ` He 's been running about everywhere and we 're hoping that he will soon be back at school full time . ' Mr and Mrs Renshaw were given Harley 's devastating diagnosis after taking him to see a doctor when he complained of a pain in his stomach . He was diagnosed with neuroblastoma - a rare and aggressive childhood cancer which affects fewer than 100 children in the UK . Harley was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , lung , bones and neck after mother Stacey took him to a doctor with a stomach pain . Harley 's story became famous after it was reported in the local paper in December last year . The children 's TV channel Nickelodean even sent him a whole box of Ninja Turtles presents for Christmas . Neuroblastoma is cancer of specialised nerve cells , which are involved in the development of the nervous system . The tumours usually start in one of the adrenal glands found above the kidneys , or in nerve tissues that run along the spinal cord , in the neck , chest , abdomen or pelvis . As in Harley 's case , the cancer can also spread to other areas of the body . After doctors diagnosed his tumour , Harley faced 80 days of intensive chemotherapy and an operation to remove his kidney tumour . A month later , he was back at hospital for a stem cell transplant -- also called a blood or marrow transplant - where healthy stem cells were injected into his body to replace damaged or diseased stem cells . He suffered complications as a result of the procedure , but battled through them to return home for his fifth birthday . He also had weeks of radiotherapy at The Christie clinic in Manchester . Finally , he and his parents were given the incredible news that he was cancer-free . Harley 's father said he is ` so chuffed ' his son is cancer-free . ` Harley is doing great , ' he said . ` He 's been running about everywhere and we 're hoping that he will soon be back at school full time ' His bravery caught the attention of doctors in the hospital and he was awarded one of Cancer Research UK 's Little Star Awards . He has also become the face of the charity 's Kids and Teens Campaign , which aims to raise funds for research into child cancers . Mr Renshaw said Harley 's family are overjoyed to be told he is free of cancer . He added : ` We 're just really excited and looking forward to the future . ' To donate or for more information about Cancer Research UK Kids & Teens visit cruk.org/kidsandteens  . Neuroblastoma is a cancer of specialised nerve cells in the nervous system and other tissues . Fewer than 100 children in the UK are diagnosed each year with the disease . Most children diagnosed with the disease are younger than five years old . It is the second most common solid tumour in childhood , and it makes up 8 per cent of the total number of children 's cancers . Neuroblastoma commonly occurs in either one of the two adrenal glands in a child 's tummy or in nerve tissue that runs alongside the spinal cord , in the neck , chest , abdomen or pelvis . The cancer can spread to tissues beyond the original site , including bone marrow , bone , lymph nodes , liver and skin . As with most cancers the cause of neuroblastoma is unknown . A neuroblastoma cancer cell in the brain is pictured under the microscope . Fewer than 100 children in the UK are diagnosed each year with this form of cancer . The symptoms vary depending on where a child 's tumour is . The first signs can be vague , and include tiredness , a loss of appetite and pain in the bones . If the tumour is in a child 's tummy , it may be swollen and the child may complain of constipation or have difficulty passing urine . Where a tumour is growing in a child 's chest , they may be breathless and have difficulty swallowing . Tumours growing in the neck can be visible as a lump , and a child is likely to complain of breathing and swallowing problems . In cases where a tumour is pressing on the spinal cord , children can experience a weakness in the legs and walk unsteadily . A variety of tests and investigations may be needed to diagnose neuroblastoma . Treatment depends on the age of the child , as well as the size and position of the tumour and whether the disease has spread . Children can have surgery , chemotherapy , as well as antibody treatment and radiotherapy . Source : Macmillan Cancer Support .