Celebrity chef Matt Kemp 's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business . One of his most shameful moments was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a ` c *** ' . During an episode of SBS 's Heat in the Kitchen , Kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife Lela Radojkovic , who was carrying their first child , while filming at Sydney 's Restaurant Balzac in 2004 . Scroll down for video . The extent of Matt Kemp 's rage is seen during an episode of SBS 's Heat in the Kitchen , which was broadcasted in 2004 . Kemp is pictured here with his fiancee , Christie Webber , who is marrying at the end of the year . The award-winning chef told Radojkovic : ` If you were n't my f *** ing wife I would f *** ing sack you - you c *** . ' Looking back , Kemp says he regrets treating his ex-wife that way . ` It really makes you feel proud of the human I was , not . You say things in the heat of the moment that you do n't even think about until someone catches it on TV , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . Kemp discusses his anger issues on Tuesday 's episode of Insight on SBS . The chef is pictured here with three of his children . He said he missed out on a lot of their childhoods . Kemp -LRB- second from left -RRB- is pictured here with My Kitchen Rules judge Colin Fassnidge . The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a ` frenzy ' because of his uncontrollable rage . ` I would be doing so many things that my head would explode - you ca n't clone yourself , ' Kemp told Daily Mail Australia . ` I would get so angry and worked up that I could n't speak . ' It also isolated him from his kitchen staff who he said at the time he did not care about , but now he takes the time to praise them . One of his biggest regrets before he ` grew up ' and became less ` hot headed ' was not being there for the births of his children . ` Before I would n't take time off for work and if I did I would never stop thinking about it , ' Kemp told Daily Mail Australia . Former NRL player Mark Geyer also had anger management issues and appears on Insight on Tuesday alongside Kemp . Geyer , who used to play for the Penrith Panthers , is pictured here with his wife , Meagan , who he describes as his rock . ` I did n't see my first two children get born . I did n't see my third child really get born . ` I 've got four kids , I 've got to be a dad , that sort of thing makes you grow up a bit . ` I want to be a dad . I want to spend time with them . ' Kemp attributes getting older as a reason why he decided to change his attitude and behaviour about five years ago . The chef now works at Charing Cross Hotel in Waverley - in Sydney 's east - and still raises his voice in the kitchen , but it does not escalate to ` uncontrollable rage ' . After turning his life around , Kemp met his fiancee , Christie Webber , who he will marry at the end of the year . Another panellist on Tuesday 's Insight is former NRL player Mark Geyer , 47 , who got in trouble a number of times for violence after consuming alcohol . ` I got charged with assault when I was 22 . I have a record for the rest of my life , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` I did n't walk away . I never started the fight in the pubs and clubs , but I finished them . ` There was a ticking bomb inside of me . ' The proud father-of-five said having children was the push he needed to turn his life around . The family man has urged people to ` walk away ' from a fight and not engage in fights . The proud father-of-five credits his turnaround to his children , without any help from a counsellor . He said the anger he felt before was now being re-directed to get angry at things that could hurt his children . ` The whole reason I stopped being a mug and stopped my anger was because I had children , ' Geyer told Daily Mail Australia . ` I suddenly had someone to worry about instead of myself . ' Geyer , who works on-air for Sydney 's Triple M , told Daily Mail Australia he was ` a volcano waiting to erupt ' between the ages of 17 and 26 . He said the two reasons why he acted so aggressively was because he was bigger than most people and he used his size to intimidate people . Kemp and Geyer will appear on Insight 's Anger episode on SBS One on Tuesday from 8.30 pm . The former Penrith player said his turning point happened when his wife , Meagan , was pregnant with their first child . He said she told him to clean his act up and become the man she had married . ` I saw the ultrasound of my first baby and it made sense , ' Geyer said . ` I come from a great family there was no excuse ... I was becoming the opposite of what my parents wanted me to be . ' Geyer urged people who had similar issues that he did to watch Insight and start to change their lives . ` I try to tell my kids , walk away , ' he said . ` If you see someone in dramas always try to help , but if they 're looking for trouble it 's a mug 's game . ' Insight 's Anger episode airs on Tuesday from 8.30 pm on SBS One .