A Pennsylvania woman said she and her sister-in-law were beaten by a group of teenagers all because she told them to quiet down during a movie . Cindy Santamaria-Williams , of Stroudsburg , Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday . Santamaria-Williams tearfully told WPXI that she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly . Scroll down for video . Battered : Cindy Santamaria-Williams , of Stroudsburg , Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket after she was allegedly attacked at a movie theater by three teenage girls . Santamaria-Williams claims the unidentified teens waited for her outside the theater where they pummeled her . Santamaria-Williams said they declared , ` When one swings , we all swing . ' ` They immediately jumped on me and knocked me to the ground , punched me in the face , ' Williams said . Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught . Police said they are using mall surveillance to try and identify the attackers . Santamaria-Williams said she would remember the girls ' faces without difficulty . Bruised : Santamaria-Williams says she was knocked down to the ground outside of a movie theater on Easter Sunday and is begging police to find her attackers . ` They were in my face . Their face is in my head . If I see them again or in a line up , I know exactly who they are , ' Santamaria-Williams said . Santamaria 's sister-in-law was also injured but she has not been identified and the extent of her injuries is unknown at this time . Police expressed their condolences and said they are committed to finding the suspects . ` When you go to the movies , you do n't need to be at risk to have your family endangered , and we 're talking about even Easter Sunday , you know , to come out and be engaged in this , ' said Stroud Area Regional Police Chief William Parrish . The theater : Police are looking at surveillance footage from this theater in Stroudsburg , Pennsylvania where a woman was allegedly beaten after going to see Fast and Furious 7 .