Plagued by a feeling something was n't right , student Yamini Karanam sought medical help . She was struggling to understand things she had read , and felt lost in conversations . But the Indiana University PhD student could never have comprehended the source of the problem - an ` evil twin sister growing ' in her brain . Surgeons operating to extract what they believed to be a tumour in her brain , were shocked to discover the growth was in fact an embryonic twin , complete with bone , hair and teeth . Yamini Karanam , 26 , a student at Indiana University , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing she was struggling to comprehend things she had read , and felt lost in conversations . Known by its medical name , a brain teratoma , the growth is very rare . Indeed , Dr Hrayr Shahinian , the expert at the Skullbase Institute in Los Angeles who operated on Miss Karanam , has removed around 7,000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas . In the past , teratomas have been reported to contain hair , teeth , bone and rarely more complex organs including eyes , hands , feet and limbs . And in some cases they have been found to resemble a foetus . Miss Karanam first noticed something was n't right last September , when she struggled to register things in her mind , NBC reported . ` If a couple of people were talking in a room , I would n't understand what was happening , ' she said . Frustrated at doctors ' apparent inability to find an answer , the 26-year-old launched her own search for answers online . It led her to the Skullbase Institute and Dr Shahinian , who has developed a minimally-invasive way of reaching deep into a person 's brain to extract tumours . The procedure , he said , is a type of keyhole surgery rather than traditional brain surgery , which involves opening the skull and using metal retractors to allow him to insert a microscope deep into the brain . Instead , Dr Shahinian makes a half-inch incision in the brain to use fibre-optic technology and digital imagery to gently chisel away at the tumour . Shocked when she woke to learn of Dr Shahinian 's discovery , Miss Karanam branded the tumour her ` evil twin sister who 's been torturing me for the past 26 years ' . Dr Shahinian said he feared the tumour could be cancerous . But surgeons operating on the 26-year-old discovered the growth , indicated just above the red dot above , was in fact a teratoma - a growth containing bone , hair and teeth . WHAT ARE TERATOMAS ? A teratoma is a tumour with tissue or organ components from more than one different part of the body . They have been reported to contain hair , teeth , bone and rarely more complex organs including eyes , hands , feet and limbs . In some cases a teratoma has been found to resemble a foetus . They are usually benign masses , though some cancerous forms of teratoma are known to exist . Mature teratomas , which are typically benign , are more commonly found in women . Immature teratoma , which are typically cancerous , are more often found in men . They are thought to be present at birth , but are often not discovered until later in life . Teratomas can occur in the testes in men and ovaries in women , as well as the brain , skull , nose , tongue , under the tongue and in the neck . WHAT ARE PINEAL TUMOURS ? Pineal tumours are those that affect the pineal gland in the brain . The gland produces the hormone melatonin , which helps control sleeping . There are different types of pineal tumour , their name depending on the kind of cells from which they develop . The majority are germ cell tumours . Different tumours cause different symptoms . They are generally caused by a build-up of fluid in the brain , which leads to increased pressure , or caused the tumour itself . They include : . But tests revealed the mass was benign , and Miss Karanam is expected to make a full recovery in just three weeks . She said she wanted to raise awareness of Dr Shahinian 's technique . ` This has to be mainstream , ' she added . ` When they know you have a pineal tumour , they should tell you `` you know what ? There 's a minimally invasive approach in which they wo n't kill you , they wo n't leave you with a disability . ' Prior to Dr Shahinian 's keyhole approach , he said the only option was to remove half of the patient 's skull to reach the tumour . He added : ` We want to be in and out without the brain knowing we were there , and I think that 's the beauty of this technique . '