A resourceful firefighter has been filmed rescuing six ducklings trapped in a storm drain - using a duck quacking ringtone to lure them out of their hiding place . Cody Knecht , of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana , was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain . In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety . Rescue mission : Firefighter Cody Knecht , of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana stands in the drain holding a pole attached to his phone . During the video , the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings . All six ducklings were reunited with their mother on Saturday at their home on a nearby canal . During the video , the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings . As the first bird moves towards him the firefighter , also armed with a torch , dived headfirst further into the drain and emerges with the panicked baby duck cupped in his hand . The adorable animal , who is also chirping away in a noise remarkably similar to the ringtone , is then passed to another officer standing above the storm drain . It took Mr Knecht 90 minutes to catch the first four ducklings during the rescue mission in the southeast Louisiana community of Slidell . But two members of the agitated gang needed more time to calm down and were not rescued until an hour later . All six ducklings were reunited with their mother on Saturday at their home on a nearby canal . Bizarrely it was the station 's second duck rescue in a week - as on April 19 , firefighters rescued a duck that got stuck in a chimney . Chad Duffaut , Chief of Fire Prevention , said : ` Unable to capture the other two baby ducks , the crew went back to the fire station to give the ducks a chance to calm dawn . ` They returned about an hour later and rescued the two remaining baby ducks . '