Garnet has been abandoned for almost 100 years . The tiny Montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver , but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later . While the town has since been restored , it remains empty , and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents , with visitors saying they heard music and laughter , even in winter , and the sound of doors slamming in cottages where there are n't any doors . Now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food , housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator , as the government prepares the village to become a new tourist stop . Scroll down for video . Ghost town coming back to life : The former mining town of Garnet in Montana was deserted after a fire in 1912 . It is said to be haunted by some of its former residents , but is now set to boom once again and become a new tourist mecca . But workers are need to operate the place . New hot spot : The U.S. Bureau of Land Management in Missoula is offering free food , housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator , as the government prepares the village to become a new tourist stop . Creepy : Local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents , with visitors saying they heard music and laughter , even in winter , and the sound of doors slamming in cottages where there are n't any doors . Abandoned : Garnet was restored after half the town was devastated by fire , but it remains deserted , even though there is a mine nearby . Ghostly : Locals say the spirits come out around midnight . Garnet has no electricity , so the new workers might be in for a fright . There are four positions , with some workers operating as tour guides and others keeping the grounds . The job ad was first posted in local newspaper The Missoulian , expecting to only find interest from within Montana . It stressed there was no electricity or plumbing . Regardless , the story was almost immediately shared 32,000 on Facebook . The following day , the U.S. Bureau of Land Management 's office in Missoula was inundated with calls and emails . ` The calls came in almost immediately , ' BLM spokeswoman Maria Craig told The Missoulian . ` Garnet Ghost Town Ranger Nacoma Gainan told me the next morning he already had 130 emails and he did n't know how many phone calls . The phone was ringing all morning . ` We got people asking about it from South Africa , from China , the United Kingdom , Germany and all over the country . ' ` There were more out-of-state people than Montanans calling . ' Help wanted : The U.S. Bureau of Land Management is looking for volunteers to help manage Garnet Ghost Town , a Montana mining town more that 's more than 100 years old , and has been mostly abandoned for nearly that long . Spooky : Garnet is n't a ghost town in name only : Rumors abound of real-life hauntings . Vacancies : The workers to volunteer to run Garnet will be put up in one of the cottages to live . Preparing : Once a mining town with a population of 1,000 , Garnet is set to boom again as a tourist stop . Craig said that the working day wraps about 4.30 pm , with the tourists leaving , giving the workers plenty of time to settle in before nightfall . She added that the job applications have now closed due to the overwhelming response , but was not clear whether the positions had been filled . Ellen Baumler , the Montana Historic Society 's expert on all things creature comforts , wrote in her book , Montana Chillers , that the ghosts of Garnet would come out at midnight . She said people had reported the sound of a piano and that winter visitors had seen visions , according to The Bulletin Standard . ` Late at evening , the spirits of Garnet arrive out to enjoy in the moonlight , ' Baumler wrote . ` Sometimes , in the deep wintertime silent , a piano tinkles in Kelley 's Saloon and the spirits dance to ghostly new music . ` Men 's voices echo in the empty rooms . But the moment a living , human hand touches the building , the noises stop . ' Chilling : Interestingly , most of the spooky stories that surround Garnet have been reported in the winter . Janet Goodall , of Buffalo , New York , has worked at the Garnet visitor information center . She told Fox News it was more just strange things occurring rather than ghosts that she heard in her time there . ` I 've seen visitors become friendly and helpful when unexpected things happen , like flat tires , empty gas tanks , keys locked in cars , minor injuries , and in one case , a diabetic faint , ' she told the network .