A video posted by UFC president Dana White gave a revealing insight into the extremes to which fighters go to make weight . Just half an hour before he was due to step on the scales , Lyoto Machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to ` max ' . At the end of the video , the Brazilian lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor . Scroll down for videos . Lyoto Machida showed the lengths he would go to make wake by sweating it out under an electric blanket . ` The Dragon ' calmly waits while wearing a sauna suit ahead of the weigh-in . Machida gets ready to remove his sauna suit to make weight before the fight on Saturday . A considerable amount of water pours to the floor after the Brazilian lifts up his sauna suit . Machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185 lb as he prepares to take on Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday night . The 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion , a division in which the limit is 205 lb . Machida earlier told Sportsmail he hopes victory over Rockhold would lead to a title shot . ` I think if I apply my style , my technique , I can stop Luke , you know . If I can do my strategy , I can win the fight , ' he said . ` I know there was another fight in line for the title shot - Jacare vs Yoel Romero -- but now , whoever wins out of me and Luke -- deserves a title shot I think . ` I can see a couple of weaknesses in Luke but it 's hard to say before the fight , it 's hard to foresee the fight . I have to be there to feel the fight - to see any mistakes he makes . ` I am very well prepared for this fight . I had eight weeks of camp and I had great training . Glover -LSB- Teixeira -RSB- was there and many , many other fighters . So I am feeling very well , very calm , and I think I can do a great job . ' Machida takes to the scales at the weigh-in ahead of his clash with Luke Rockhold . Machida and Rockhold -LRB- right -RRB- take part in the traditional pre-fight face off in New Jersey .