A 21-year-old man has been charged with second-degree murder after allegedly shooting dead his fiancée at their Minnesota home on Easter morning while holding their baby daughter in his arms . Dimitri Harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old Samirria White after they started arguing over his ` infidelity ' in the bedroom of their St Paul apartment at around 3.40 am . Carrying the couple 's three-month-old child , he then shot Miss White in the face at close range , according to police . When medics arrived at the scene , they pronounced the young mother dead . Now , Harrell , who later admitted to having stored his handgun under his daughter 's mattress , has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at Ramsey County District Court . Shooting : Dimitri Harrell -LRB- right -RRB- has been arrested after allegedly shooting dead his fiancée , Samirria White -LRB- left -RRB- , at their Minnesota home on Easter morning while holding their baby daughter -LRB- center -RRB- in his arms . The suspect , who had ` trust issues ' with Miss White after having two children by another woman , remains in custody in lieu of $ 200,000 bail . If convicted , he faces up to 40 years in prison . In the moments before Sunday 's shooting , Harris had been arguing with Miss White after he had vanished from the apartment several times during the night , arousing her suspicions , relatives said . During an interview with police , the suspect apparently told officers he had then tried to pull his gun - which he had bought several days earlier - from his pocket while holding the couple 's baby daughter . However , the weapon had accidentally discharged , he said , causing a bullet to strike Miss White in the face , according to the Star Tribune . It is unclear whether he explained why he took out the gun . Tragic : Harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and fired at 19-year-old Miss White -LRB- pictured with their daughter -RRB- after they started arguing over his ` infidelity ' in the bedroom of their St Paul apartment at around 3.40 am . Arrest : Now , Harrell has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at Ramsey County District Court . Above , the suspect is pictured in his mug shot -LRB- left -RRB- and posing with Miss White and their baby -LRB- right -RRB- . Several people - including some of the victim 's siblings - were also in the property at the time of the alleged murder . Many of them heard yelling come from the couple 's bedroom , CBS reported . Miss White 's 16-year-old brother , who woke up after apparently hearing his sister scream ` Do n't point that gun at me ! ' , ran into the room when he heard the gunshot . There , he found his sister dead . The boy yelled at Harrell to get away from Miss White , according to a complaint obtained by the Tribune . In response , the suspect apparently told him it was an accident and fled the scene . After emergency crews arrived at the scene , Miss White was declared dead and the bedroom was cordoned off . Police later found the gun on Harrell 's ` close friend ' , who was in the apartment . Scene : The shooting occurred in the 800 block of Pierce Butler Route -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Minnesota on Sunday . Family : In the moments before Sunday 's shooting , Harris had been arguing with Miss White after he had vanished from the apartment several times during the night , arousing her suspicions , relatives said . The man , who has not been identified by officials , had reportedly received the weapon from Harrell just minutes after the shooting . The suspect had apparently told him : ` Do something with this ' . Harrell , who is pictured with Miss White and their daughter in numerous Facebook photos , told police that their relationship had been rocky since the births of his two children by a different woman . On Tuesday , relatives described Miss White , a former Humboldt Senior High School student , as a ` spontaneous ' and loving woman who had hoped to become a nurse and adored her daughter . On her Facebook page , Miss White lists the date she got engaged as March 23 , 2012 . She also reveals that she was born in Elgin , Illinois . Her three-month-old daughter 's name is unknown . . Pregnancy : On Tuesday , relatives described Miss White -LRB- left , pregnant with Harrell and right , in another pregnancy shot -RRB- as a ` spontaneous ' woman who had hoped to become a nurse and adored her daughter .