A woman who was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex-boyfriend has been found by police after she made contact with a family member . Billy-Anne Huxham , 18 , from Caboolture , Queensland , was found at 9.45 pm at Aerodrome Road in Maroochydore , on Queensland 's Sunshine Coast , after police found the Nissan SUV that was used in her abduction earlier that day . Ms Huxham 's ex partner Carl Garry Chapman , 32 , has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault , torture and deprivation of liberty . Scroll down for video . Found : Abducted teen Billy-Anne Huxton was located by police on Thursday night after she made contact with a family member . Her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman has been charged with unlawful use of a motor vehicle , entering dwelling with intent , assault occasioning bodily harm , torture , deprivation of liberty , dangerous conduct with a weapon , possession of a weapon , evading police , unlicensed driving and breach of bail . The 32-year-old was out on bail charges at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim . While Chapman was holed up in a friends home Ms Huxham allegedly escaped her captor and fled to a local restaurant where she called her parents who then contacted police , The Courier-Mail reports . The man is due to appear in the Maroochydore Magistrates Court Saturday morning . Police located the silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander the teen was forced into early on Tuesday morning . The vehicle was found abandoned on Kift St in Kallangar at around 11.15 am Thursday morning . This news came as Ms Huxham 's Facebook page was inundated with posts by friends concerned with her welfare . A worried friend wrote : ` Ca n't believe what I 'm hearing and seeing ' . ` I know you 're a staunch b **** and would put up a fight no matter what but my girl please just come back home safely . ' After hearing of Ms Huxham 's abduction her friends took to Facebook to beg her to turn her life around and ` stay away from those type of people ' Ms Huxham 's Facebook account was made private shortly after the abduction . Another said : ` Time to pull your head in woman get out of that ... scene ! Get home safely ' . Ms Huxham , who also goes by the name of Billy-Anne Kunst , made a post to her Facebook page just 20 minutes before she was reportedly abducted . It reads : ` Well good morning f ***** s ; today looks like its FINE FORM yeeeeeow do n't be getting lippy unless yas wan na have crack 4510 , Mwa xo ' . Shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before Ms Huxham was abducted from her home . Relatives of Ms Huxham , 18 , told officers she was forced into a car at gunpoint outside a Caboolture home , just north of Brisbane , at around 6 am . Shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before Ms Huxham was abducted from her home by a man who reportedly attacked her with a machete . The abandoned vehicle was found on Kift St in Kallangar at around 11.15 am Thursday morning . Ms Huxton posted to Facebook only 20 minutes before she was allegedly assaulted with a machete and taken by her ex partner - ` Well good morning f ***** s ; today looks like its FINE FORM yeeeeeow do n't be getting lippy unless yas wan na have crack 4510 , Mwa xo ' A neighbour , who did n't want to be identified , said she heard screaming before the Mitsubishi took off down the street . ` I did n't really think much of it because that sort of thing is n't uncommon for that house , ' she said . It was initially claimed that Ms Huxham sustained wounds to her leg and bruising to her face as a result of the violent ambush . 18-year-old Billy-Anne Huxham was reportedly woken up , attacked with a machete and taken from her home . Following the abduction , the perpetrator broke into another home in Caboolture and threatened the residents with a gun , believed to be shotgun or rifle . A police chase on the Bruce Highway was unsuccessful after Mr Chapman and Ms Huxham were spotted driving on Anzac Avenue at 11.30 am - five hours after the abduction .