Armed men killed eight people in a raid on a Sao Paulo football fan club on Saturday night that has close links to a notorious , now-closed prison . Police said witnesses told them that around midnight on Saturday three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where Corinthians ' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass . They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head . An eighth man was shot but tried to escape , reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died . Armed police stand guard outside the headquarters of Corinthians fan club Pavilhao 9 on Sunday morning . A distraught woman talks on her mobile phone outside the building where seven men were executed . A policeman shows the bullet shells that were collected at the scene of the shooting west of Sao Paulo . Detective Arlindo Jose Negrao ruled out a fight between rival fan groups . He would not reveal the motive behind the attack , however , saying that could interfere with the probe . ` Through witnesses , we are already exploring a line of investigation , which is not leading us to believe it was caused by fan rivalry , ' Negrao said at a press conference . ` We even have possible suspects . ' The victims were having a barbecue at the club at the time and making flags with their team 's colours for Sunday 's anticipated match between Corinthians and Palmeiras . The fan group did not answer several phone calls . Pavilhao 9 was founded by a group of Corinthians fans who played football with inmates at Brazil 's Carandiru prison , known widely for a massacre that left 111 inmates dead , which was turned into a movie . The prison is now closed . Police say that the killings , that took place late on Saturday night , are not related to any football rivalry . A woman is comforted by a policeman as she talks on a mobile phone outside the fan club . The Corinthians team did not respond to a request for information but posted the word ` mourning ' against a black backdrop on its official Facebook page . Former president of the team and current federal congressman , Andres Sanchez , said on the social network he was ` deeply saddened to learn of what had happened at Pavilhao 9 , with which I had a strong bond since I was a kid . ' Much of the football violence that breaks out in or near Brazilian stadiums is traced to fan clubs . Police often investigate fan groups for ties with drug traffickers . The victims were having a barbecue as they prepared for Corinthians match against Palmeiras on Sunday when gunmen raided the premises . Brazilian police guard entrance to the building where the fan group were making flags ahead of Sunday 's game . ` It is widely known that criminal organisations are inside of all fan clubs . Organised crime uses these fan groups as a front for their misdeeds , ' Juca Kfouri , one of Brazil 's best-known sports commentators , told radio station CBN . Last year , dozens of members of another Corinthians ' fan club , Gavioes da Fiel , invaded the team 's training centre . Angered by the team 's performance , they attacked employees and grabbed Peruvian striker Paolo Guerrero by his neck , forcing other players to flee into a locker room and barricade themselves in until police arrived . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .