A house used by five generations of the same family has been put on the market for the first time in 100 years . The two-bedroom terraced property in Snodland , Kent , was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in November 1915 . The couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters , Freda , Hilda and Gwendoline , in the property , which used to have an outside bathroom . A house used by five generations of the same family has been put on the market for the first time in 100 years . It was originally rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes -LRB- above -RRB- in November 1915 . They bought it 40 years later for £ 350 and passed it to Freda when they died . Their 10 great-grandchildren and seven great-great-grandchildren have enjoyed the house for the last few decades . But Freda died last December , aged 99 , and the younger family members have now moved away . Howard Knott , 70 , son of Hilda , is in charge of selling the house , which is on the market for £ 164,500 . Mr Knott , a retired engineer who now lives with his family in Maldon , Essex , said the house means so much to the family but the decision to sell it was ` inevitable ' . He said : ` Freda lived there all of her life . ` I lived there at some point when I was a baby but then we moved nearby to Queens Avenue in Snodland . ` My grandfather 's brother Roger lived in it for some years between the First and Second World Wars , so there were three adults and four children living in one property with no bathroom and no electricity . ' Mr Knott 's grandfather Len was a small haulage contractor and was not required to serve in the First World War . Sisters -LRB- left to right -RRB- Gwendoline , Freda and Hilda were brought up in the house before it was passed to Freda when their parents died . Simon Miller estate agents is holding an open day at the house -LRB- above -RRB- , which is on the market for £ 164,500 , tomorrow . Howard Knott -LRB- right -RRB- , son of Hilda , is now selling the house after Freda -LRB- left aged 19 -RRB- died in December . His father served with the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers in the Second World War . Mr Knott joined the Royal Air Force when he was 16 and trained as a radar engineer . He later worked at Marconi radio factory in Chelmsford , Essex . He moved to Essex in 1970 , and his mother and aunt Gwen also relocated to the county . Simon Miller estate agents is holding an open day at the house tomorrow .