She 's just days away from giving birth but , as ever , the Duchess of Cambridge refused to let her style icon status slip during her second pregnancy . Rather than swaddling her growing bump under baggy dresses , the 33-year-old dressed to impress every time she stepped out . But while Mulberry coats and Alexander McQueen gowns did creep in , much of Kate 's pregnancy wardrobe came from the High Street . Scroll down for video . Favourites : Hobbs , Seraphine and ASOS have all been worn repeatedly during the pregancy . From a £ 35 ASOS polka-dot dress to Seraphine shifts , the Duchess is proof that you do n't have to splash out to look gorgeous while expecting . Leading the High Street charge to the Duchess of Cambridge 's wardrobe is Hobbs , a mid-range label that has taken her through everything from glamorous evening events to international tours . So enamoured is Kate of the brand , even Zara , of which she was once a die-hard fan , has had to make way for it , although another budget favourite , L.K Bennett , also remains a favourite . ` The Duchess of Cambridge likes to play it quite safe when it comes to her wardrobe , pre and post-baby , and Hobbs is the perfect brand for her , ' explains fashion pundit Simon Glazin . Hobbs : A £ 160 shirt dress -LRB- left -RRB- in January and , right , in a peplum top at a Place2Be event in November . ` Not only is it uber British , with everything designed in-house in London , it also dovetails with royal fashion protocol : not too revealing , neutral colours , and affordable . ' The Duchess wore a brown shirt dress from Hobbs to visit foster carers in North London in January and a delicate polka dot velvet top by the brand for a Place2Be reception at Kensington Palace in November . On that occasion , she deployed one of her favourite styling tricks and combined the budget top with a glamorous silk skirt by Jenny Packham for maximum effect . But while she championed Hobbs on several occasions during her second pregnancy , it is by no means the only high street staple in Kate 's wardrobe . Spot the Duchess ! Kate in a £ 169 Hobbs Dalmatian coat in March that was first seen in 2013 , right . The brunette royal is also a huge fan of a small Anglo-French label called Séraphine , which has grown from a small shop in 2002 to the A-list favourite it is today . The Duchess is the brand 's most famous fan , having repeatedly chosen the label during both her pregnancies . Along with a £ 195 coat worn in January and a £ 95 blue and green floral dress sported to visit the Potteries in February , she also opted for the brand when making her début in New York . On that occasion , it was the glamorous £ 225 plum boucle Marina coat that was chosen - and true to form , the design has since sold out repeatedly . Séraphine is the brainchild of French expat Cecile Reinaud , who launched the brand in 2002 from a small shop on High Street Kensington , and is no doubt thrilled with the royal endorsement . In March , on a visit to ITV drama Downton Abbey , Kate wore a chic cream coat from high street maternity label , JoJo Maman Bébé . She has also sported a shirt dress from Jaeger and £ 99 print dress by Alice Temperley during her pregnancy . Cosy : Kate in a £ 275 Seraphine Maternity Marina coat with Prince William in New York in December last year . Séraphine : Kate in a £ 195 coat in January and , right , wearing a £ 59 Vanessa dress in December . Thanks to the much-marked Kate effect , everything she has worn has swiftly sold out . ` One of the reasons for her enduring sartorial popularity is the accessibility of her wardrobe , ' explains Glazin . ` It 's very real . Very practical . People can relate to her through her wardrobe , which is a clever move from her and her people . ` Nothing is out of reach , and she does wear a lot from the British High Street , which is great to see . It allows people to copy her head-to-toe . People want her hair , her make-up and now her wardrobe . ` People want someone to look up to when it comes to the royals . She is the new generation . ` She , more than any other royal , has made fashion achievable for the public . Diana had an amazing wardrobe but she wore a lot of made-to-measure pieces . ` She 's quite safe with her wardrobe , which makes it even more accessible . ' Good look : Kate wore a £ 250 blue Jaegar tile-print shirt dress in a video message supporting mental health . Chic : Kate in a £ 69 JoJo Maman Bebe maternity coat and , right , in a £ 35 ASOS polka-dot dress in March .