Stuart Broad backed Alastair Cook to hit the Test century that has eluded him for 33 innings on Thursday and put England in a winning position in the second Test . Broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year to take three wickets for 19 here in Grenada before a defiant last wicket stand of 52 from Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel lifted West Indies to 299 . Then Cook , fighting for his captaincy in this series , and the under pressure Jonathan Trott joined forces to hit their first half-century partnership as an opening pair and reach 74 without loss by the close of a rain-affected second day . Stuart Broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year on day two in Grenada . Quick Broad took three wickets on day two as England bowled West Indies out for 299 . Captain Alastair Cook , who won the toss and chose to bowl , worked his way to 37 not out at stumps . Broad backs Cook to go onto a big hundred and get his side in a winning position with three days left . When Cook reached 17 of his unbeaten 37 he went past Alec Stewart to become the second highest run-scorer in England 's Test history and now only his mentor in Graham Gooch stands ahead of him . ` He 's been an amazing performer for eight or nine years now , ' said Broad . ` And he 's such a level headed character that you never know whether he 's got nought or 200 if you bumped into him in the evening . ` Cooky wo n't be thinking about personal landmarks now . He knows if he gets a big hundred tomorrow he will set his team up with a fantastic chance of getting a result and it was great to see Cook and Trott back together again . Hopefully they can score a lot more runs tomorrow . ' Broad revealed that a chat with new bowling coach Ottis Gibson and a change of technique led him to add 10 miles per hour to his bowling overnight and look back to his best . Cook plays a shot to the legside as he found some form on a rain-interrupted day two at St George 's . Broad celebrates the wicket of West indies captain Denesh Ramdin , who was caught behind on 31 . ` I made a slight change overnight after watching quite a lot of footage of how I got my wickets and I was a bit wider on the crease which allowed my momentum to go straight through , ' said Broad , who touched 91 miles per hour when bowling a beauty to take Denesh Ramdin 's wicket . ` It seemed to work and I was really pleased with how I bowled today . ' Despite some momentum in the favour of Cook 's side , Broad admits England are battling both the weather and an at time defiant West Indies as they look to force victory . With unpredictable forecasts around , Broad knows only full days of cricket and a sizeable first-innings lead will leave the tourists on track . Broad celebrates after reaching 91 miles per hour for the delivery that took Denesh Ramdin 's wicket . Cook and Jonathan Trott leave the field at stumps having guided England to 74 runs without loss . ` The only way we can win is by getting 400 , 450 in the first innings and applying pressure that way , ' he said . ` We need a bit of lady luck , blue skies in the morning and hopefully there 's not too much swing . ` You ca n't have mornings like we 've had on every day of the Test or it will be a draw . ` But we 've got a pretty simple job from now , which is to bat a day and half to two days because I do n't think anyone really knows how this wicket will behave late on day three , four or five . '