A former member , Miracle , told Daily Mail Australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations . As police step up their inquiries into a secretive Christian community following abuse allegations , former members have told of a culture of victim-blaming . Gloriavale , a New Zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms , has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks . Several ex-members have come forward , telling stories of sexual abuse , violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls . Miracle escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago . She told Daily Mail Australia that sex outside of marriage and with underage children was ` absolutely frowned upon ' and ` dealt with very severely in the community ' . ` In saying that , these things have happened . These allegations against certain individuals - there is truth in them . ` Where it 's been brought out into the open , the leaders have dealt with it - but where I disagree is that the girls in particular are blamed . Scroll down for video . Gloriavale , a New Zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms , has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks following abuse allegations . Residents of Gloriavale follow a New Testament code , wear blue uniforms and do not use birth control . This still is from a previous documentary about Gloriavale . Gloriavale is located on the west coast of New Zealand and has an estimated population of around 500 . ` Julia ' , pictured , told a New Zealand television program she was the victim of a ` wrong relationship ' with an adult man when she was a child . ` They have been called w **** s and s *** s and that sort of thing and almost exonerated the guys . The guys could n't help it . ` That then causes an effect where the girls do n't want to bring it out into the open . They think if I go and say , `` this happened to me '' they 'll turn on me and `` blame me '' . ' Miracle said there had been a few ` one off incidents ' - but that ` it 's not just the one ' . ` Where I disagree is the way it 's been dealt with , it 's always placed on the girl . ` Women are treated well , they are looked after very well , but there is this doctrine that women submit to the men and do what they are told . ' -LRB- The men -RRB- are brought before meetings and dealt with . They are punished . But not to the same extent the girl would be . ' Another former member , Karen Winder , told stuff.co.nz abuse was ` not rampant ' . She said young men are ` groomed ' to have sex with underage girls and should not shoulder the blame . ' -LRB- Some think -RRB- that 13 and 14 year old girls are ready to have babies - there 's no child rape going on , ' Ms Winder was quoted saying . ` A 23-year-old is not necessarily culpable for his actions , because he 's been groomed for it . ' She reportedly added that she knew of a female member who had been involved with an older man when she was 15 . There has been an exodus from Gloriavale -LRB- located on the picturesque banks of Lake Haupiri -RRB- in recent years . Another escapee , Julia , told the Campbell Live program earlier this month that she had a ` wrong relationship with a married guy when she was 12 or 13 ' - and he was a decade older . Gloriavale responded to recent allegations in an interview with TVNZ this week . ` There have been serious allegations but it does n't mean they 're all true , ' said a spokesman . He would not discuss the particulars . Police reportedly made a ` social call ' to the town this week and are urging anyone with evidence of abuse to come forward . Miracle said Gloriavale needs to open itself up the outside world . ` These things are starting to happen more and more frequently because of their closing off , ' she said . There has been a mass exodus from Gloriavale over the past two years , most recently including a family of 14 in March . They , and other families are now living some 350 km south-west of Gloriavale . The Ben Canaan family , pictured , recently left Gloriavale for Timaru .