Miriam Gonzalez Durantez today claimed right-wing Tories probably want to kick her out of the country . Nick Clegg 's wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez today claimed right-wing Tories probably want to kick her out of the country . The Spanish lawyer said she had been ` religiously paying taxes ' in the UK for 10 years and would like to be able to vote in the election on May 7 , but took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with . It comes after Mr Clegg warned the ` bandwagons of the far right ' are encircling an ` increasingly hapless Conservative leadership ' which is losing all grip on the party . Despite polls showing the Lib Dems facing wipeout in large parts of the country , Mrs Clegg today insisted her husband cling on in his battle to retain Sheffield Hallam . Appearing on ITV 's Good Morning Britain , she was asked whether she was frustrated she was not allowed to vote in May 's General Election . As a Spaniard , she is allowed to vote in local and European elections but not elections for Commons seats . She said : ` It is what it is . I have been here for 10 years , I have been religiously paying taxes , and yes it would be nice to be able to vote . ` Listen , if it was up to the right-wing of the Tory party , they would probably kick me out of the country altogether so I am happy I can be here . ' The Lib Dems have stepped up attacks on the Tories in recent days , warning Mr Cameron risks being in hock to right wing Tory backbenchers and Ukip after the election . In an interview with MailOnline , Mr Clegg yesterday said that it is a ` tragedy ' that a centrist politician like Mr Cameron had lost control of his party . ` What 's happening is you are seeing the bandwagons of the far right encircling an increasingly hapless Conservative leadership . ` And the Conservative leadership will become just victim to and puppets of an array of hardline right wing voices from Ukip , from DUP , from their own backbenches , which will do huge damage to our country . Huge damage . ' Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg told MailOnline 's political editor Matt Chorley that the ` bandwagons of the far right ' are encircling an ` increasingly hapless Conservative leadership ' Mr Clegg claimed right wing Tories want to ` enter into coalition with Ukip , some of them want to bring back the death penalty , they want to ban the burka ' . ` They have got very hardline views on people who need help from the state because they have fallen on hard times , ' Mr Clegg said . ` And they take this very ideological view that basically the state and support for public services should be remorselessly cut back and cut back and cut back and cut back for no reason other than some kind of hardline ideological preference for it . ' Mr Clegg also revealed he is such a bad cook his wife only lets him do the washing up . The Lib Dem leader admitted his ` rubbishness ' in the kitchen after it emerged his wife and sons had been secretly running a food blog - MumAndSons - posting recipes and photographs online . Mr Clegg said he had played no part in the culinary operation , but had helped with taking pictures for the blog : ` I 'm sure you can see my hand in a couple of them . ' Mrs Clegg revealed this week that she has been running a secret food blog for three years , forcing her hsuband to reveal his ` rubbishness ' in the kitchen . But his own cooking abilities do not stretch to more than peanut butter on toast . ` I 'm a sort of sous chef , Mr Clegg told MailOnline . ` I provide helpful moral backing and assistance . I 'll do the washing up , and tasting and preparatory tasks . ' Asked if there was nothing he could cook , Mr Clegg replied : ` I 'm sure I could but I 'm great eater , I 'm just really not a very good cook . ` If I had to , if I was starving ... Peanut butter on white toast obviously , with jam on top . I 'm seriously into jam on top . ' News of www.mumandsons.com emerged earlier this week when Mr Clegg 's wife took part in an online chat with Mumsnet . It features recipes for a range of dishes - such as bean quesadillas , lemon curd muffins and pasta with chorizo - with contributions from Ms Gonzalez Durantez and her three sons . She said : ` It 's no secret this campaign , what people are saying is it is a super-controlled campaign . ` When you have parties that are so close , pretty much everybody becomes professionals of politics , everything is measured , everything is polled . ` That is why I thought when they see something I have done out of the script they might freak out but they were very good humoured about it and obviously we , as the third party , we have less money than the others and less control , which is good . '