The parents of a sweet six-year-old are using adorable videos of their daughter dancing to help raise awareness about her rare disorder - and the moving and grooving clips have quickly turned the youngster into an online star . Audrey Nethery , from Kentucky , has Diamond Blackfan Anemia -LRB- DBA -RRB- , a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body 's ability to circulate oxygen . Since Audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells , her parents told the Mirror , she has faced a host of health issues in her short life . But the condition does n't stop Audrey from dancing , which she does incredibly well to Bruno Mars ' chart-topping hit Uptown Funk in a widely-watched video that her family posted on her Facebook page . Scroll down for video . Girl can groove : Audrey Nethery , six , has a rare illness called Diamond Blackfan Anemia - but her condition does n't stop her from dancing adorably in videos from her Zumba class . Family affair : Audrey danced while her dad Scott played guitar at a DBA benefit , pictured here . Audrey learned the cute choreographed routine to the Kidz Bop version of the song at her Zumba class in Louisville , Kentucky . Dad Scott Nethery and mom Julie Haise were quick to upload a clip of the six-year-old dancing to Facebook , and the internet was just as quick to watch it . The recording of her complete performance has already reached 2.8 million views since it was posted in March . But Audrey 's cute videos do n't just bring joy to those who watch them - they also help bring attention to DBA and raise funds for the Diamond Blackfan Anemia Foundation . Get your groove on : Audrey 's most popular video sees her dancing along to Bruno Mars ' hit Uptown Funk -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Shaking her money maker : Audrey 's parents are posting videos of Audrey dancing at Zumba class to raise money for the Diamond Blackfan Anemia Foundation ; here , Audrey holds a check for $ 10,000 . Because of her condition , Audrey has already endured 20 blood transfusions , and will likely undergo more in the future . Half of people with DBA need a transfusion once every three to five weeks . She was also born with a hole in her heart and a cleft palate , and she is n't growing as fast as her peers , partly because of the steroids she needs to take for her illness . But despite her hurdles , her father Scott told Daily Mail Online , she has plenty of energy and a positive outlook : ` Audrey is a happy , loving , smart , little girl who loves to dance , listen to music , and collect dolls and stuffed animals . She is incredibly strong and leaves an impression on everyone she meets ! ' Feeling playful : Audrey 's dad says she loves to collect dolls like the one she is holding in this picture with her mother Julie . Major music lover : Audrey 's dad Scott , pictured here before taking Audrey to a father-daughter dance , says his little internet star is a big fan of Bruno Mars and Taylor Swift . The musically-inclined six-year-old , whose favorite musicians include Taylor Swift , Bruno Mars , and the Beatles , has also left an impression on strangers on the internet . Posting cute videos and smiling photos of Audrey have helped the Nethery family to raise thousands of dollars , as well as promote blood drives which they host to give back to the community . ` Once people realize she has a life-threatening illness , it really touches their hearts , ' her father told the Mirror .