Kitchens sell houses . They are the heart of the home , the hub of dinner parties and usually the ` debrief of the day ' meeting room . So what makes a great kitchen ? It 's a balance between a warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency . After judging the kitchens on The Block last week and taking into account what buyers look for in a kitchen , property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design . Activity based design : . The key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation , cooking , clean-up etc. with storage for those activities within those zones . These areas need to be easily accessible to each other and flow well -LRB- e.g. food preparation near the cooking area etc. -RRB- . There 's no use in a pretty kitchen when your preparation area is on the opposite end of the kitchen from your stovetop . Bench space : . This is one of the most common bugbears when buyers are looking at kitchens . Enough bench/counter space is crucial not only for food preparation but also for serving when entertaining . Scroll down for video . There was plenty of bench space in Dea and Darren 's kitchen on The Block . Storage space : . Plenty of storage space is essential and you need to find a good balance between design aesthetics and practicality . Take into account what 's most important for you in terms of storage , as I recommended a Walk-in pantry vs a Butler 's pantry , consider whether having extra space for preparation and a large area to hide your appliances is paramount to you or whether a larger area for food storage is more vital . Judge Neale Whitaker said Dea and Darren 's kitchen ` did n't have their usual the flare , confidence or pizzazz ' Sufficient lighting : . As the Buyer 's Advocate Jury discussed when viewing Josh and Charlotte 's kitchen , it 's not an area of the home that you can get away with the ` bare bones ' when it comes to lighting . For the purpose of safety in food preparation and cooking , good lighting is paramount . Specifically in the preparation , cooking and cleaning areas , it 's essential to have good quality lighting . Josh and Charlotte 's kitchen lacked lighting above the benchtop according to Frank Valentic . Splash backs : . In the cooking and cleaning zones of the kitchen , splashbacks are important and while design is also important , it should n't be at the expense of practicality . Try and find a good medium between something that looks great but is also low maintenance and easy to clean ! The judges were shocked that Josh and Charlotte 's had overlooked lighting over the bench top given Charlotte 's food styling background . Ventilation : . Akin to the bathroom , the kitchen requires great ventilation so ensure you have a good quality range hood and windows that can be opened . Valentic says there was ` great ventilation ' in Tim and Anastasia 's kitchen . Tim and Anastasia had a range of issues this week with their kitchen , mainly due to it not being their original design , the couple were shocked with the largely positive feedback from the judges . Flow on : . The overall design of your home really needs to come into play when designing a kitchen . The flow between the living areas , specifically dining areas and the kitchen are important . As we mentioned when judging Jess and Ayden 's and Tim and Anastasia 's kitchens , a kitchen with a flow on to an outdoor entertaining area is very much in demand at the moment and a huge plus for buyers . Jess and Ayden 's kitchen had a ` great flow ' on from the living and dining areas . Ayden and Jess were able to edge ahead of their rival teams to pull off their second room reveal win and add $ 10,000 to their kitty . Valentic 's example of a kitchen at 12 Kyarra Street in Hampton that would attract buyers ' attention . Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design . In the end , Dea and Darren 's kitchen for the Buyer 's Advocate Judges showed the best balance between design and a practical layout . While a kitchen is a very personal area of the home , make sure to take into account re-sale when renovating so that it does n't affect the value of your property when you re-sell it . However , if The Block : Triple Threat judges were the buyers this week , they would have walked away from each of the team 's apartments without placing an offer . Judging trio Shaynna Blaze , Neale Whitaker and Darren Palmer were all left largely unimpressed by the kitchens delivered by the Blockheads on last Sunday night 's episode . The lacklustre performance , in the eye of the judges , meant that Ayden and Jess were able to edge ahead of their rival teams to pull off their second room reveal win of the series and add $ 10,000 to their kitty . The judges were shocked that Josh and Charlotte 's had overlooked lighting over the bench top given Charlotte 's food styling background . Tim and Anastasia had a range of issues this week with their kitchen , mainly due to it not being their original design , the couple were shocked with the largely positive feedback from the judges . Meanwhile , Whitaker said Dea and Darren 's kitchen ` did n't have their usual the flare , confidence or pizzazz ' . The living area , dining room , and kitchen flow onto the outdoor entertaining space .