A teenage Welsh international has had her promising career halted by a dead shin bone . Hannah Bluck , 18 , from Porthcawl , south Wales , had her dreams shattered after a rare condition ruled her out of the game for two years . The teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia . Wales ' Hannah Bluck , 18 , has had her promising career halted after suffering a rare condition . The 18-year-old has played for the Wales youth national teams at U19 , U17 and U16 level . Avascular necrosis is bone death due to poor blood supply . The flow of blood to a section of bone can be interrupted if the bone is fractured or the joint becomes dislocated . The condition can lead to the eventual collapse of the bone . It is most common in people between the ages of 30 and 60 , though most suffer from it in the hip and shoulder . The ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen . Doctors have been baffled by the condition , which has never been seen before on a leg bone and usually affects joints . Mum Kerstin said : ` The doctor told her `` Hannah , you have to listen to everything I say because even if you go jogging then your leg could collapse into your ankle and that would be the worst thing that could ever happen '' . ` I think she 's dealt with it better than we have as parents . She 's been so brave . ` She has such a high pain threshold and her first words to me after her accident were `` where 've you been and what took you so long ? '' ` Hannah 's a girl of few words but one of the most aggressive centre-backs you 'll ever see . ' The youngster set records at youth level for Wales - appearing for the under-16s , under-17s and under-19s sides in the space of just eight days - before she was struck down by a freak accident in March 2013 . The promising centre-back suffered a sickening dislocation of her ankle and fractured her fibia and tibia after falling while running on astroturf during routine training . Despite the help of Football Association of Wales and Cardiff City physios , the talented star hit a brick road in her recovery and saw specialists in November 2013 when she discovered she had AVN . A scan of Bluck 's shin bone , which has left doctors baffled by the rare condition . Hannah , who is also autistic , has not kicked a ball since and turned her hand to coaching , working with the girls ' Under-8s , 10s and 14s at Swansea . Kerstin said : ` Hannah has always had a ball at her feet and played for her first club when she was seven . ` She used to play with the boys until she was 11 and she was n't happy when she had to stop - she enjoys the rough and tumble . ' ` Football is everything for her and she has missed out on the social side because all her friends are at football so she does n't see them . ` She 's had her bad days but we 're getting more positive ones now . ' Despite two years on the sidelines , Hannah is still dreaming of a senior appearance for the Wales national side and is being followed by Women 's Super League side Bristol Academy . Bluck -LRB- centre -RRB- pictured with former Swansea City player Wilfried Bony in the gym last year . Manchester United supporter Hannah said : ` It would mean everything to get back out on the pitch after two years out - when I play that is when I am most happy in life . ` It 's so frustrating having to sit and watch when I just want to be out there playing . ` It 's my dream to get a full senior Wales cap and I 'd love to go and be a professional player in America too . ' The treatment Hannah had been receiving was discovered to have stopped working last month leaving the family with nowhere to turn . In desperation , mum-of-five Kerstin took to Facebook and was amazed when a school friend she had not spoke to for almost three decades got in touch . Bluck -LRB- left -RRB- poses for a photo with Wales manager Chris Coleman and the U16 cap she won in 2012 . The long-lost contact threw the family a lifeline as experts at the world 's biggest orthopaedic conference in Las Vegas in the USA ended up analysing Hannah 's MRI scan . As a result , Hannah , who lives with brothers Daniel , 23 , Thomas , 20 , Conor , 16 , Ben , 10 , and dad Jonathan , 42 , as well as Kerstin , has secured an appointment with a leading specialist in London on April 20 . Kerstin said : ` She is still training all the time at Swansea City and you should see her upper body now . ` She has a core that puts some of the men to shame when she is in the gym with all of them . ` Hannah 's so humble but she can do so many things that even the men there would struggle to do . ` It 's been a hard two years for her but she has never given up and she never will do . ` I 'm proud of every single breath that girl takes . '