TV celebrity Dr Mehmet Oz will take on his detractors in the medical community head-on during a special episode of his daytime talk show Thursday , sending a strong message that he will not be silenced . Oz , 54 , found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University , where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians , calling for his resignation because he is a ` charlatan who promotes ` quack treatments . ' In a special episode of The Dr Oz Show , which was pre-taped Tuesday and will air Thursday , the beleaguered physician directly addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence . Scroll down for video . Teaser : TV celebrity Dr Mehmet Oz released a videotaped message previewing a special episode of his show Thursday , which will be dedicated to the controversial swirling around him . Bold statement : Oz , 54 , says in the video that he will not let the 10 doctors who launched a campaign last week to try and get him fired from Columbia University silence him . The show released a 25-second teaser clip to CNN Money featuring a part of Oz 's rebuttal to promote the upcoming episode . ` This month , we celebrate my 1000th show , ' Oz says in the preview . ` I know I 've irritated some potential allies in our quest to make America healthy . ` No matter our disagreements , freedom of speech is the most fundamental right we have as Americans . And these 10 doctors are trying to silence that right . Looking directly into the camera , Oz concluded : ` So I vow to you right here and right now : we will not be silenced , we will not give in . ' According to a spokesperson for The Dr Oz Show , about two-thirds of this week 's episode will be devoted to the controversy . On Friday , Dr Oz will sit down for an interview on NBC 's Today show . The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993 . He has been hosting his health and wellness talk show since 2009 . Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position because he is a ` charlatan ' who promotes ` quack treatments ' ` I bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves , ' Oz said in a statement released through a representative of The Dr. Oz Show , according to USA Today . Columbia 's Medical and Health Sciences Center . He continued : ` We provide multiple points of view , including mine , which is offered without conflict of interest . That does n't sit well with certain agendas which distort the facts . ' Dr Henry Miller , of California 's Stanford University led the campaign against Dr Oz and was the first person to sign the letter , the New York Daily News reported . Miller said : ` He 's a quack and a fake and a charlatan . ` I think I know the motivation at Columbia . ` They 're star-struck , and like having on their faculty the best-known doctor in the country . ` But the fact is that his advice endangers patients , and this does n't seem to faze them . ' He told CBS News that ` a person who endangers patients and is a menace to public health should not be on the faculty of a prestigious medical institution ' . The nine other doctors from across the country included Dr Joel Tepper , a cancer researcher from the University of North Carolina School of Medicine , and Dr Gilbert Ross of the American Council on Science and Health in New York City . The doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman , the dean of Columbia 's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine . The physicians accused Dr Oz of pushing ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work . The doctors wrote that Oz , for years a world-class Columbia cardiothoracic surgeon , has ` misled and endangered ' the public . From left to right , Dr Phil McGraw , financial advisor Suze Orman , host Oprah Winfrey , Dr Mehmet Oz and interior designer Nate Berkus participate in The Oprah Winfrey Show live from Radio City Music Hall in 2010 . For more , visit Extra online . The letter read : ` He has manifested an egregious lack of integrity by promoting quack treatments and cures in the interest of personal financial gain . ` Thus , Dr Oz is guilty of either outrageous conflicts of interest or flawed judgments about what constitutes appropriate medical treatments , or both . The authors of the scathing communique took a particular issue with what they described as Oz 's ` baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . ' CNN Money and the New York Times reported that some of the doctors opposing Oz have strong ties to the GMO food industry , namely the advocacy group American Council on Science and Health . Dr Miller , a researcher with a conservative think tank , has been a vocal proponent of genetically modified foods and has spoken out against mandatory labeling . Dr Oz insists that he is not opposed to GMOs on principle but wants them to be properly labelled so that educated consumers would know exactly what is in their food . ` I do not claim that GMO foods are dangerous , but believe that they should be labeled like they are in most countries around the world , ' he said in his statement Friday . The New York Ivy League school responded Thursday , issuing a statement to The Associated Press saying only that the school ` is committed to the principle of academic freedom and to upholding faculty members ' freedom of expression for statements they make in public discussion . ' Special interests : The authors of the letter took an issue with what they described as Oz 's ` baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . ' The surgeon has been a vocal proponent of mandatory labeling of GMOs , while some of his critics have been advocating for the GMO industry . Dr Oz first came to public attention as a frequent television guest of Oprah Winfrey . For the past five years , he 's been the host of The Dr Oz Show . Last year , he appeared before a US Senate panel that accused him of endorsing products that were medically unsound . At the time , the doctor acknowledged some of the products he advised his viewers to use ` do n't have the scientific muster to present as fact . ' A show representative did not immediately return a call Thursday from the AP seeking comment . As vice chairman of Columbia 's surgery department , Dr Oz still occasionally teaches , said Douglas Levy , spokesman for the Columbia University Medical Center . The controversy did not die down after his testimony . The company behind the `` miracle '' diet supplement in question later agreed to pay a $ 3.5 million settlement over false advertising . A study that purported to prove the product 's weight-loss benefits turned out to be based on fraudulent data and was retracted .