Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix , her fourth holiday in a month -LRB- pictured at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix last November -RRB- . After 11 holidays in under six months , you might have thought Princess Beatrice would be ready to put the brakes on her globetrotting . But yesterday the underemployed 26-year-old was spotted enjoying the high life in an overseas location yet again , this time at the Bahrain Grand Prix . She was in the Gulf state , ruled by a controversial king whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists , with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark , according to an onlooker who saw her among dignitaries on the starting grid before the race . ` She was walking behind the Crown Prince of Bahrain . She was introduced to the recently abdicated King Carlos of Spain and curtseyed , ' the source said . ` Bernie Ecclestone was leading that group of dignitaries . I think she watched the race from the tower high above the circuit with the Crown Prince . ' It is thought legendary Formula 1 racing driver Sir Jackie Stewart and comedian Rory Bremner were also among those in the tower enjoying the spectacular view as Britain 's Lewis Hamilton won after battling it out over the 57 laps of the 192 mile race with arch rivals Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg . Although Beatrice receives no public funding , her jet-set lifestyle has raised eyebrows at a time when the Queen is keen to promote royal thriftiness . Asked about the sighting of Beatrice at the Bahrain Grand Prix , a Buckingham Palace spokesman last night -LRB- sun -RRB- said : ` No comment . ' The 26-year-old princess -LRB- pictured left in Beijing in November last year -RRB- was spotted in the Gulf state with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark , according to an onlooker . According to the witness , Beatrice -LRB- pictured celebrating New Year in the Caribbean -RRB- was with the Crown Prince , whose regime has been accused of violently putting down pro-democracy protests . Human rights campaigners were horrified when The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge bowed and curtseyed to the King of Bahrain Hamad Al-Khalifa at a lunch for sovereign monarchs at Windsor Castle in 2012 . On that occasion , Princesses . Beatrice and her sister Eugenie , were seen chatting animatedly to the king 's wife , Princess Sabeeka bint Ibrahim Al Khalifa . Beatrice , whose father the Duke of York has been nicknamed Air Miles Andy , is still described as working ` in full time business ' on her father 's official website even though she is not known to have had a job since before Christmas . She quit her last one , a £ 19,500-a-year post at Sony Entertainment Pictures , amid claims she was targeted by a North Korean cyber-attack on the firm . The Bahrain visit would make it Beatrice 's fourth holiday in a month , after she went to New York on March 20 , Verbier on April 5 , and Florida on April 11 , followed by the grand prix -LRB- pictured in St Barts in January -RRB- . Beatrice is described as ` working full-time ' on her father the Duke of York 's website , even though she has not had a job since before Christmas -LRB- pictured here staying with sister Eugenie in January -RRB- . Before quitting , she managed to get some winter sun in the Middle East and enjoy another Grand Prix in November . She was officially in UAE for an engagement with her father , unveiling a couple of plaques at a British school in Abu Dhabi alongside UK ambassador Philip Parham and the UAE 's culture minister.This fitted in nicely with the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , held the previous day . Days later Beatrice and Mr Clark , a Virgin Galactic executive , flew to Beijing , where they joined her mother Sarah Ferguson and sister Eugenie for the wedding of photographer and graphic designer Victoria Tang to Hong Kong . lawyer Christopher Owen . Victoria is the daughter of Fergie 's firm friend Sir David Tang , the Hong Kong businessman and socialite . Since boxing day last year Beatrice has made use of her parents ' £ 13million ski chalet in Verbier three times , including on this occasion on February 11 . New York , New York : Come March Beatrice was back in the Big Apple again , with Eugenie -LRB- centre -RRB- and mother Sarah -LRB- left -RRB- , celebrating her sister 's birthday . Beatrice has since soaked up the sun with Mr Clark on two trips to Caribbean island St Barts , at one point staying on tycoon Lakshmi Mittal 's yacht . She also squeezed in three trips to her parents ' £ 13million chalet in Verbier , Switzerland . Last month she flew to New York to celebrate sister Eugenie 's 25th birthday . It was Beatrice 's third US jaunt this year alone . She had already been spotted in New York in January before hitting the ski slopes of Aspen , Colorado , the following month . She also recently also had a long weekend with friends in Greece . Beatrice stayed at her parents ' Verbier chalet again on April 5 , complete with its sizeable pool -LRB- pictured -RRB- , before going to Florida , and finally to Bahrain . Beatrice pictured heading to St Barts in January this year just after retiring from Sony . November 21 , 2014 . Officially in the UAE for a business engagement with her father , the Duke of York , Beatrice found the time to take in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix with boyfriend Dave Clark . The fun included trying camel meat and going to a lavish party on board HMS Mahiki , a 125ft ` Polynesian-themed ' party yacht that is an offshoot of posh London club Mahiki . November 28 . Later the same week Beatrice then flew to Beijing with mother Fergie and her sister to watch Victoria Tang , daughter of Hong Kong businessman Sir David Tang , get married . The trip included a pre-wedding Friday night dinner , the church wedding on Saturday , a tea ceremony , banquet and late-night dancing at Tang 's China Club , plus a recovery brunch . December 26 . Right after Christmas lunch with the Queen at Sandringham , Beatrice jetted off to Verbier to her parents ' £ 13million ski chalet . It has seven bedrooms , an indoor pool , a staff of six and a very desirable location . December 30 . Skipping the fireworks in London , Beatrice instead made for the Caribbean where she saw in 2015 relaxing in a yacht though to belong to billionaire Lakshmi Mittal . She was joined by her boyfriend Dave , American fashion writer Derek Blasberg , U.S. Vogue editor Anna Wintour 's daughter Bee Shaffer and New York fashion girls Tracy Dubbs and Molly Howard . January 21 , 2015 . Having made a quick trip back to London to hand in her resignation to Sony , she flew back to St Barts where she spent time on another yacht . Her company included comedian Jimmy Carr and girlfriend Karoline Copping , retired footballer Jamie Redknapp and his wife Louise , Jamie Reuben and Amit Bhatia , Lakshmi Mittal 's son-in-law . January 30 . Suitably refreshed after a double holiday in the Caribbean , it was time to return to city life -- which meant a trip to New York . Bea 's plans to take a finance course in the U.S. , afforded her the perfect excuse to visit little sister Eugenie , who has been working at an auction house in the Big Apple since 2013 . February 11 . February saw Bea land back in Verbier for Valentine 's Day with boyfriend Dave , Prince Harry and Princess Eugenie . Joining them were fashion designer Amanda Wakeley 's boyfriend Hugh Morrison , socialite Emma Pilkington , Dave and Gabriela Peacock again , Eugenie 's boyfriend Jack Brooksbank , who works for the Mahiki nightclub , PR girl Astrid Harbord and TV presenter Donna Air 's ex-boyfriend , Sam Goldstone . February 17 . A surprise treat from Dave sees the couple fly off for another skiing holiday in just seven days , this time to Colorado . There they dined with U.S. investor Jerry Murdock , who seems to have helped Dave land a new job at taxi app firm Uber . March 6 . Beatrice jetted to Greece for a weekend of revels with friends . Details are sparse , but insiders say there was no purpose to her visit beyond fun . March 20 . Eugenie 's birthday saw Beatrice back in New York for a long weekend including mother Fergie . In a bizarre incident father Andrew persuaded an invited audience at Buckingham Palace to sing Happy Birthday to Eugenie via an iPad connection . April 5 . Back at her parent 's place in Verbier , Beatrice winds down following a church service for Easter Sunday which the Queen also attended . April 11 . Bea is back off to Florida this time for her 12th holiday in just five months , according to The Sun . April 19 . Beatrice is spotted in Bahrain as a guest of the Gulf state 's Crown Prince , who father has helped to put down pro-democracy protests . She is whisked away with the prince to watch Lewis Hamilton win the race from a platform suspended above the track .