Aussie the dog had always been very protective of his owners Kai , seven , and Sophie , 10 . But now their beloved pet is being remembered as a hero after he saved the two children from being electrocuted to death in a puddle in the aftermath of the New South Wales storms . Their family home at Caves Beach , near Lake Macqurie , had lost power so on Wednesday the children 's mother Natalie Crane-Hayes decided take Kai , Sophie and Aussie for a walk in a nearby park . Scroll down for video . Aussie the dog -LRB- centre -RRB- saved his owners Kai -LRB- left -RRB- and Sophie -LRB- right -RRB- from being electrocuted in a puddle . The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach , near Lake Macquarie , when he was killed suddenly in a puddle that was connected to a fallen live electrical wire . Aussie -- who the kids brought home on Australia Day this year - was always protective of the children . The park was full of large puddles and they did n't know it at the time , but the wild weather had caused a power line to fall down into one of the puddles meaning all the water in the park was live with electrical current . Five-month-old Aussie was walking just ahead of the kids and when he stepped into the first puddle he was electrocuted and died instantly . ` Honestly those kids were only a metre away , ' their grandmother Deanna Addicoat told Daily Mail Australia . ` It would have been both of them because they would have followed the other one in . ` Aussie 's our hero , he saved their lives . ' Ms Addicoat said the kids were traumatised . Their grandmother Deanna Addicoat said the children were traumatised after seeing their dog die . Kai and Aussie shared a special bond and he is buried under a tree outside Kai 's bedroom window . ` It was n't something nice to see ... Seeing an animal killed is not nice but for him to be electrified in front of them , ' she said . They had to wait for emergency services to come and cut the wire before they could move Aussie from the puddle . ` The SES were excellent because they 've got so much work on up here , ' Ms Addicoat said . ` Once they knew there was a live wire and danger , Ausgrid came out and they were just so compassionate . ' Ms Addicoat said the family hoped the tragedy would remind people about the danger of fallen power lines . Ms Addicoat said Sophie -LRB- pictured -RRB- was too devastated to watch Aussie be taken away but Kai wanted to be there to take him home . The kids ' father Brendon Crane-Hayes -LRB- right -RRB- with Aussie , who is being remembered by the family as a hero . She added Sophie was too devastated to watch Aussie be taken away but Kai wanted to be there to take his dog home . ` Kai wanted to be with Aussie and stay in the car next to him on the way home , ' she said . ` He helped his daddy dig a hole and they buried him in his favourite spot under the banana tree outside Kai 's bedroom window . ` Aussie just loved Kai . ' Ms Addicoat said Aussie -- who the kids brought home on Australia Day this year - was always protective of the children . The remains of a staircase on Newcastle Beach . The Hunter Region , Central Coast and Sydney were smashed by wild weather on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday . Damage from the storms that hit the coast near Lake Macquarie . Winds reached Category 2 Cyclone strength . A car is seen among the debris of houses destroyed by cyclonic winds are seen on in Dungog . ` He would always round up the kids if they walked too far ahead , he was a cattle dog and that 's what they 're meant to do , ' she said . ` Kai found these pups at market and his parents said no at first . ` But Kai said `` When I 'm holding him and his heart 's next to mine our hearts are beating as one '' . How can you say no to that ? ` Had they not got that dog that day , I do n't want to think about what would have happened . ' An Avoca Beach resident cleans up her property on the Central Coast after flooding on Wednesday . Damage and destruction caused to the Arkinstall family home by flooding in Stroud in the NSW Hunter region . Pulver St , in Hamilton South in Newcastle , was one of the hardest hit streets with nearly every second tree lining the street ripped up , falling on homes .