The new Honda Civic which the Japanese car firm 's UK factory in Swindon will be exporting to the world -- including Japan and the USA -- was unveiled in America tonight . The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show . It came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic , supported by a new £ 200million investment . The ultra-sporty Honda Civic Concept car is presented at the New York International Auto Show , Wednesday . Although the dramatic Kermit green prototype seen in New York is a three-door version , the Swindon factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version around the globe . A Honda spokesman said : ` With more focus on sporty , fun-to-drive dynamics the new U.S. Civic line-up will include Civic saloon , Coupé and Si models , along with the return of the Civic five-door hatchback to the U.S. market . ` These will be followed by the launch of a next generation Civic Type R in the U.S. market , as the ` performance flagship ' of the Civic line-up . Currently , just over half of the vehicles produced at Swindon are exported to the Continent . But when the factory moves to dedicated Civic production next year , about 50 per cent of production will be exported to key markets outside of Europe , including Japan and now the USA . The Swindon factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version of the Honda Civic around the globe . John Mendel , senior vice president , automobile operations of American Honda Motor Co. , introduce the ultra-sporty Civic Concept car . Currently , just over half of the vehicles produced at Swindon are exported to the Continent . Philip Crossman , managing director of Honda UK said : ' This is significant announcement demonstrates the opportunity available to the Swindon operation and reinforces the quality and reliability of the product coming from our UK facility . ' Honda designer Guy Melville-Brown , a who worked on the new Civic 's exterior styling said : ` This is the first time the Civic has been born in America . He promised the new Civic will have sporty proportions , with the windshield moved toward the rear , a shorter front overhang and longer rear overhang than the current Civic . The car will get new engines and transmissions , including a turbocharged 1.5-liter four-cylinder motor in higher-end models , Honda says . The sedan version will be in showrooms this fall , with a coupe and a high-performance R-Type coming later . Honda last rolled out an all-new Civic in 2011 , and it was widely panned for bland styling , cabin noise and pedestrian handling . The Japanese car-maker was forced to quickly make improvements to the car at the end of 2012 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .