Model Hailey Baldwin has revealed that she used to spend nights sleeping over at Kim Kardashian 's apartment , before she found fame herself . The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin , who stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine and is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star Kendall Jenner , let slip very discreetly in an interview with Elle magazine that she often spent nights with ` one of her friends ' -- meaning Kendall -- in their ` sister 's apartment ' -- meaning Kim 's multi-million-dollar residence , while she was traveling to castings in New York at the start of her career . ` I would basically pack a suitcase from home and just come live with her for a week , ' she said . Scroll down for video . Fancy friends : In the new issue of Elle , model Hailey Baldwin said that before achieving fame , she would often sleep over Kim Kardashian 's house when she was working in New York . Beautiful BFFs : Hailey has been friends with Kendall Jenner since she was starting out ; both models have famous last names . But since the days of crashing at Kim 's sprawling home , Hailey has quickly gone on to become a star in her own right . She currently boasts more than 1.3 million Instagram followers , has walked in numerous Fashion Week shows all over the globe , and was recently named as the new face of Topshop Denim . ` She 's got that twinkle in her eye , ' Topshop creative director Kate Phelan told Elle , while comparing Hailey to supermodel Cara Delevingne . Kate also recalls how , the first time she met Hailey , she was struck by the star 's social media influence ; when Kate went home to tell her teenage daughter about the meeting , she said she already knew - because Hailey had posted about it online . Next generation : Hailey , the daugher of actor Stephen Baldwin -LRB- pictured -RRB- is keeping up with her family 's famous legacy . Top model : Hailey is the face of Topshop denim , as the brand 's creative director says the model has ` a twinkle in her eye ' like Cara Delevingne . Indeed , as the magazine points out , it is not just Hailey 's beautiful physical features that have helped to catapult her to the top of the fashion industry ladder , but also her impressively formidable social media presence , which makes her an appealing asset to fashion brands eager to capitalize on her popularity . And she has other hidden talents , too . Before discovering a passion for fashion , the model also trained as a ballerina and spent many summers studying at the American Ballet Theatre school as a child . The gracefulness she learned as a dancer has likely contributed to her skills as a model ; in the chic Elle photograph , Hailey effortlessly pulls off a daring Topshop unique ensemble . It 's good to be a model : Bella Hadid also appears in the magazine , tantalizing in a $ 895 Fleur du Mal Lace bodysuit and $ 1,250 Giuseppe Zanotti boots . In the know : Bella shared outtakes from her Elle shoots with her Instagram followers . Fellow model Bella Hadid , who has 646,000 Instagram followers of her own , also appears in her own stunning spread in this month 's issue , showcasing a number of the season 's hottest fashion designs including an incredibly risqué lace bodysuit , similar to that worn by Kylie Jenner at Coachella on Saturday . The 18-year-old poses seductively over the four-page spread , and shared more photos from the shoot with her Instagram followers . Exhibiting an air of cool confidence well beyond her years , Bella , who is the younger sister of model Gigi , flaunts several sheer and low-cut pieces by brands like Saint Laurent , Chanel , and Valentino . Bella is also featured in ten designer-clothing-packed photos on the magazine 's website .