Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has given Azerbaijan the all-clear ahead of its debut next season despite serious concerns over the country 's human rights record . Human Rights Watch 's 2015 report on the former Soviet republic stated there had been ` a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record ' particularly in its treatment of opponents of the political regime . However , Ecclestone maintains F1 has conducted its due diligence on Azerbaijan . The capital , Baku , will host a street race to be known as the European Grand Prix . Bernie Ecclestone , speaking in Bahrain , has confirmed Azerbaijan will stage the European Grand Prix . The race will be held in the capital of Baku , despite the country 's poor human rights record . Asked whether Azerbaijan 's human rights record would be checked , the 84-year-old replied : ` We have . ` I think everybody seems to be happy . There does n't seem to be any big problem there . ` There 's no question of it not being on the calendar . It 's going to be another good race . ' The sport recently published a ` Statement of Commitment to Respect for Human Rights ' that was posted on the formula1.com website . It said : ` The Formula One Group is committed to respecting internationally recognised human rights in its operations globally . ` Whilst respecting human rights in all of our activities , we focus our efforts in relation to those areas which are within our own direct influence . ' It added that the sport would also ` identify and assess ... any actual or potential adverse human rights impacts with which we may be involved either through our own activities or as a result of our business relationships , including , but not limited to , our suppliers and promoters . ' Lewis Hamilton celebrates another victory at the Bahrain Grand Prix . The Mercedes driver has now won three of the opening four races this season . The Human Rights Watch report on Azerbaijan for 2015 was pretty damning . ` The Azerbaijani government escalated repression against its critics , marking a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record , ' the report states . ` The authorities convicted or imprisoned at least 33 human rights defenders , political and civil activists , journalists , and bloggers on politically motivated charges , prompting others to flee the country or go into hiding . ` Authorities froze the bank accounts of independent civic groups and their leaders , impeded their work by refusing to register foreign grants , and imposed foreign travel bans on some . ` Many of those detained complained of ill-treatment in police custody . Many organisations , including several leading rights groups , were forced to cease activities . ' Concerns remain , however , over the Italian Grand Prix , one of the most historic races in F1 . Hamilton leads the 2014 Italian Grand Prix , although Monza 's future on the circuit is uncertain . Ecclestone is currently negotiating with promoters at Monza over a new contract , with the current one due to expire after next year 's race . Officials have made it clear they can no longer afford Ecclestone 's terms and are hoping he will reduce his fees . Ecclestone , though , seems unconcerned at losing F1 's heartland of Europe as key races such as those at Imola , France and Germany have disappeared . ` We have to wait and see . They do n't have an agreement . Bit like Germany really , ' said Ecclestone . Suggested to Ecclestone it was unthinkable the race could be dropped , he replied : ` I tell you something , I was told that when we did n't have a race in France actually . And Germany now . We 've got some good replacements , have n't we ? '