Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure but vowed to back the Manchester City midfielder -- at least until the end of the season . Sportsmail revealed City would listen to offers for the Ivorian as they look to overhaul an ageing squad at the end of a faltering campaign . Toure is determined not to be forced out but the Chilean , speaking ahead of Sunday 's visit of West Ham , acknowledged the midfielder had underperformed and dismissed claims he should be given a rest . Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season . Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he has been disappointed by the Ivory Coast midfielder 's level . ` I do n't think he 's happy with his performance this year -- and nor am I , ' said Pellegrini . ` He does n't need a break . ' Toure , who has two years left on a £ 220,000-a-week deal , has come in for criticism amid the collapse of City 's Premier League defence . But Pellegrini , who faces questions over his own future , said the 31-year-old would be backed . ` He 's a very important player and he will have my support until the end of the season , ' he said . City , who have taken just 18 points from the last available 39 , take on Sam Allardyce 's side knowing that defeat will leave fifth-placed Liverpool with the chance to close the gap to one point with victory at West Brom next weekend . City will also face the Hammers without captain Vincent Kompany , who could miss the rest of the campaign with a muscle injury . With his manager in the firing line , City goalkeeper Joe Hart insisted the players should take responsibility . ` People have been disappointed in their own performances , ' said the England No 1 . ` We 've let the manager down a few times and we 've baffled ourselves because we feel like we 've got the quality to beat anyone and that 's not been the case . ' City boss Pellegrini has vowed to support Toure until at least the end of the season . Sportsmail revealed that Manchester City will listen to offers for Toure in the summer . Hart added that Pellegrini retained the backing of the dressing room . ` He 's been great , ' Hart said . ` He 's hard , he kind of says it how it is and you ca n't ask for much more than that from a manager . ' Pellegrini , however , said : ` The players have responsibility but I choose the players . ' Meanwhile Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell not to make the same mistake as others amid interest from Chelsea and Manchester City . Manchester City want to sign West Ham left back Aaron Cresswell in the summer . Sam Allardyce has warned Cresswell not to make same mistake as other English players by moving to City . Allardyce believes the 25-year-old is an attractive prospect after a fine season at West Ham and because he can help clubs fill homegrown player quotas . ` Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair spent time at City but did not play a great deal , ' Allardyce wrote in his Evening Standard column . ` The decision for a player like Sinclair is would he be willing to join another club in a permanent deal if it meant less money ? '