Kelly Ripa has been grief stricken following the sad news that her friend , cosmetic surgeon Dr Fredric Brandt , was found dead by suicide at his Miami mansion on Sunday . So it 's understandable that 44-year-old TV star was looking morose as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday . The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host , who is usually seen smiling , wore a frown as she left the building alone . When appearing on her morning show she said , ` He was such a great man ... he was just a great person , a great friend , he will be missed - I can not tell you how much I will miss him . I will miss him every day of my life . ' Sad day : Kelly Ripa looked to be in mourning on Tuesday as she left her NYC apartment ; on Sunday it was announced her surgeon friend Dr Fredric Brandt had died . The personality added , ` If you love someone tell them every day that you love them because you do n't know if you will have that opportunity ... . It 's sad . Oh my gosh , he was just the best . He would sing to you while he put Botox in your face - any song you wanted . He could sing anything at a moment 's notice . ' The former soap opera actress was dressed casually in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans . Comfortable short beige boots and aviators completed her look . It seemed as if Ripa had wet hair and hardly any makeup on . The beauty was carrying her coat as well as some papers , a cell phone and her purse . Casual look : The former soap opera actress was dressed down in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans . Comfortable short beige boots and aviators completed her look . It seemed as if Ripa had wet hair and hardly any makeup on . Feeling the pain : On her show Live With Kelly & Michael , the host told Michael Strahan that she will miss the doctor who had worked on the morning program . Near tears : When appearing on her morning show she said , ` He was such a great man ... he was just a great person , a great friend , he will be missed - I can not tell you how much I will miss him . I will miss him every day of my life ' Heartfelt : The personality added , ` If you love someone tell them every day that you love them because you do n't know if you will have that opportunity ... . It 's sad . Oh my gosh , he was just the best . He would sing to you while he put Botox in your face - any song you wanted . He could sing anything at a moment 's notice ' The day before the New Yorker tweeted her condolences for Dr Brandt , 65 , who was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry . Madonna and Stephanie Seymour were clients . ` My heart is breaking for the loss of Dr. Fredric Brandt . My friend . You will be missed forever and in my heart even longer , ' the star wrote . Her husband Mark Consuelos , retweeted choreographer Isaac Calpito 's post , which read : ` Devastated over the loss of our dear friend @drfredricbrandt . You are missed . You are loved . The world has lost one of its kindest souls . ' They were close : Dr Brandt was remembered by Ripa -LRB- left with the surgeon in 2011 -RRB- in a tweet on Monday following his tragic suicide at his Miami home on Sunday . Comedian and former The View star , Joy Behar , tweeted on Monday : ` Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with . He will be sorely missed . ' The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt 's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging . An autopsy was scheduled on Monday , the coroner confirmed . Miami Herald columnist , Lesley Abravanel had said Brandt had been ` devastated ' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show , Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . Her note : The 44-year-old beauty 's tweet said , ` My heart is breaking for the loss of Dr. Fredric Brandt . My friend . You will be missed forever and in my heart even longer ' Abravanel , a Miami Herald columnist , posted a series of tweets on Sunday claiming that he had been ` devastated ' by unflattering comparisons to Dr Franff on the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , according to sources close to the doctor . The doctor 's longtime publicist Jacquie Tractenberg told The New York Post on Monday : ` The show definitely deeply hurt him , he was being made fun of because of the way he looks . ` It is mean , and it was bullying . But the show was not the reason for his depression , and it was not the reason he would take his own life . ' The Tractenberg & Co PR agency did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Daily Mail Online . Was he bullied ? : Dr Brandt -LRB- left -RRB- has a resemblance to Dr Franff -LRB- right -RRB- , a character on Tina Fey 's Netflix show , Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . He was reportedly ` devastated ' by the portrayal . His colleague , Dr Robert Anolik , who worked with Brandt at his practice , posted a moving tribute on Monday . The acclaimed dermatologist wrote : ` Dr. Fredric Brandt died yesterday . For nearly 5 years , Fred and I worked side by side . He was far more than a colleague to me . He was a close friend . I will miss him every day . ' The doctor was found dead at his Coconut Grove mansion in Miami by his housekeeper where he lived alone . She called 911 at 9.17 am , according to a police statement . The Miami-Dade County Medical Examiner Department confirmed that an autopsy will be conducted on Monday . The New York Post also wrote a column last month comparing the real-life doctor to the fictional doctor on Tina Fey 's hit comedy . ` Sources : Dr Fredric Brandt was `` devastated '' over comparisons to the protagonist on Tina Fey 's new Netflix show , `` Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt '' , ' Abravanel tweeted . Behar tweeted on Monday : ` Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with . He will be sorely missed ' An eye for art : Dr Brandt , a cosmetic dermatologist and well-known art collector pictured in front of a piece from his collection at his apartment in New York City on March 7 , 2014 . Dr Franff only appears in one episode , titled ` Kimmy Goes To The Doctor ! ' , of the first season . The character shares Dr Brandt 's smooth skin , platinum blond hair and enthusiasm for plastic surgery , but his door sign claims he 's a ` board certified D , DS , DDSOBGYN ' , rather than a cosmetic dermatologist . The Dr Franff character is depicted on the Netflix show with a high-pitched laugh and unable to speak certain words due to his plastic surgery . He is also seen drinking from a surgical bag and reinflates his own face after being punched . Netflix had no comment when contacted by Daily Mail Online . Dr Brandt was famed for his appearance , which displayed many of his dermatology techniques . In a 2014 profile in The New York Times , he said that his goal was to ` restore the face to harmony ' . ` I approach each face with a visual perception , an artistic perception and a medical perception , ' he said . The article , which described the doctor as an ` unnervingly ageless-looking personage ' , said that he was sought out by the rich and famous for his signature Y lifts , where fillers are injected below the cheekbones . Abravanel said that sources told her Dr Brandt was ` devastated ' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . The plastic surgeon , Dr Franff , in the Netflix comedy , is played by comedy veteran Martin Short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life Dr Brandt . In one scene , where the lead character Kimmy almost gets plastic surgery , the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder . Martin Short had a small role as Dr Franff in one episode of the TV show 's first season . When he is punched by the main character , Kimmy , as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon 's chair , his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube . Dr Franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . He 's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by Martin Short . The show follows a Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- , who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader . She then is hired to be a nanny for the step-children of socialite Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski -RRB- . In the fourth episode of the show , Jacqueline visits Dr Franff to discuss a ` foot lift ' of sorts because she believes that ` feet are the new butts ' . In the fourth episode of the Netflix show 's first and only season , Dr Franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- and Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski , pictured -RRB- . Dr Franff 's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of Dr Fredric Brandt , who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour . Franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor , whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times . In the episode , he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for Jacqueline , as well as on Kimmy .