Emergency services are preparing for damaging winds to hit large parts of New South Wales as residents in Victoria and Queensland prepare for a week of colder weather . The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan , Hunter and Illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days . The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning , mainly in Sydney metro area . Scroll down for video . Winds of at least 100km/h lashed parts of the east coast , causing this tree to fall on a car in East Gosford , on the NSW Central Coast , wth a driver and passenger inside . They were treated for only minor injuries . They were treated for minor injuries by paramedics . The SES is preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of NSW over the next two days . Pedestrians shelter under umbrellas from heavy rain in Sydney on Monday . Rain and damaging winds averaging 55 to 70 km/h with gusts to about 100 km are forecast to develop along the coastal fringe of the Sydney Metropolitan , Hunter and Illawarra regions . MONDAY . TUESDAY . WEDNESDAY . THURSDAY . FRIDAY . SATURDAY . A pedestrian is drenched while crossing the street in the Sydney central business district during heavy rain on Monday . ` We anticipate there will be some more requests for assistance coming through , due to the fact there 's a severe weather warning currently for damaging winds , ' an SES spokeswoman told AAP . According to the Bureau of Meteorology forecast , winds averaging 55km/h to 65km/h with gusts to about 100km/h are set to develop in Sydney , the Hunter and Illawarra on Monday afternoon and evening . The SES said there is also some rainfall forecast in the same areas for Monday , which are not yet included on the warning . Rainfall could be 40-60mm across most of those areas , with up to 100 mm in some places . A weather map from the Australian Bureau of Meteorology shows three-hourly precipitation as at 1 pm AEST on Monday . A ship makes its way out to sea in Sydney on Monday . The Bureau of Meteorology has been issued for Sydney Closed Waters , the Hunter Coast , Sydney Coast , Illawarra Coast , Batemans Coast and Eden Coast . The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning , mainly in Sydney metro area . Snow has started to fall at Perisher in the Snowy Mountains of New South Wales . Perisher will see a snow shower or two on Monday with a maximum temperature of three degrees celcius . On Tuesday there will be a 30 per cent chance of a snow shower with temperatures expected to sit between -1 and 3 degrees . ' -LRB- We 're -RRB- waiting for it to develop , ' the spokeswoman said . Dangerous surf conditions are also expected to develop on Monday . The SES is advising people to move their cars under cover , secure loose yard or balcony items and keep clear of fallen powerlines . Meanwhile in Victoria , residents are bracing for what could be the coldest April week in six years , The Age reported . People in Melbourne endured hail storms on the weekend and are set to endure a cold week until the end of the weekend with ranging between lows of 7 degrees and highs of 19 degrees all week . A cold front is expected to move across the state on Friday , creating the conditions for a cold and rainy Anzac Day . South-east Queensland is also preparing for below average temperatures this week and rain on Monday and possibly Tuesday . The first major snowfall of the year has happened at the ski fields at Thredbo , in southern New South Wales near the Victoria border . The area 's forecast says to expect possible snow showers in areas above 1200m and temperatures between -2 and 3 degrees . On the weekend Melbourne endure freak hail storms . Victorians are bracing for what could be the coldest April week in six years . Melbourne residents are set to endure a cold week until Anzac Day with ranging between lows of 7 degrees and highs of 19 degrees .