The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London . The side , which is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in England 's top flight , featured six Chelsea players , with Eden Hazard , winner of the individual prize , making the side for the third straight season . But did the professionals get it right ? Not according to the EA Sports ' Performance Index anyway . Sergio Aguero nets his 21st strike of the season against Aston Villa . He has scored one more than Harry Kane . Cesc Fabregas , in action against his former club Arsenal on Sunday , and Aguero are in the EA Sports Team . Eden Hazard poses with his individual gong at Sunday 's night 's PFA Player of the Year awards in London . The system , which measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team , sees Manchester City 's Sergio Aguero , scorer of 21 goals this term , replace Diego Costa up front . Aguero is one of five changes from the PFA Team of the Year . The EA Sports ' side sees two fewer Chelsea players in the line-up with Gary Cahill and Nemanja Matic failing to make the team . Instead Everton defender Phil Jagielka , who has missed just one Premier League game , and Santi Cazorla , one of Arsenal 's standout players , are given the nod . The EA Sports Team of the Year -LRB- left -RRB- and the PFA Team of the Year award , which was announced on Sunday . Cesc Fabregas , a surprise omission from the PFA Player of the Team is included in the EA Sports XI . The Spaniard , who returned to Arsenal for the first time since leaving the Emirates Stadium to join Barcelona in the summer of 2011 , has provided assists for 17 goals for Chelsea following his £ 30million arrival from the Nou Camp - the most of any player in the division . Aaron Cresswell beats Ryan Bertrand to fill the left-back slot after impressing for West Ham . Along with David de Gea , the 25-year-old Hammers defender is the only man to have played every minute of the campaign . John Terry , named in both line-ups , has started each of Chelsea 's 33 matches , but has n't completed every one . The EA Sports PPI is the official player rating index of the Premier League . It measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team . The intention is to remove any opinion bias and only work with proven statistical measurements which become more accurate as the season progresses . So , what are the six indices ? 1 . Winning performance . 2 . Player 's performance per match . 3 . Appearances . 4 . Goals scored . 5 . Assists . 6 . Clean sheet .