Plans for a ` rainbow ' zebra crossing to support gay rights could be abandoned amid fears it would cause hallucinations for dementia sufferers . The brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in Totnes in Devon - the first in Europe - as a mark of the town 's pride for its gay community . But experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer 's . Scroll down for video . Plans for a ` rainbow ' zebra crossing to support gay rights in Totnes , Devon , could be abandoned amid fears it would cause hallucinations for dementia sufferers . The brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in Totnes in Devon - the first in Europe - as a mark of the town 's pride for its gay community . Fears were expressed to councillors who had been asked to back the plan to install the crossing across an area called The Plains . Councillors told the Proud2Be group , which has launched the campaign , to go away and seek further medical advice from experts . Totnes town councillor Carol Wellwood said : ` Somebody who works with the elderly is concerned that people with Alzheimer 's might find a rainbow crossing very troubling . ` The claim is that it would cause them to have hallucinations . ' Mat Price , who runs the the Proud2Be group revealed that a trained dementia champion had contacted the group warning of the serious health impact . But he said : ` I do n't understand why it is any different from putting a rainbow-coloured display in a shop window or Christmas lights up at Christmas . But Mat Price , who runs the the Proud2Be group revealed that a trained dementia champion had contacted the group warning of the serious health impact . Experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer 's . ` I am concerned that if this keeps going backwards and forwards we will not be the first place in Europe to do this , we will be the 40th . ` We have already trialled it in the High Street and no-one got killed . ' The world 's first rainbow crossing has already been unveiled in Vancouver in Canada and Melbourne in Australia is planning to make a temporary crossing permanent . The crossing was temporarily installed to mark Pride celebrations last year . The world 's first rainbow crossing has already been unveiled in Vancouver in Canada and Melbourne in Australia is planning to make a temporary crossing permanent . There have been temporary crossings in London and Brighton but the one planned in Totnes is hoped to be the first permanent one in Europe . There have been temporary crossings in London and Brighton but the one planned in Totnes is hoped to be the first permanent one in Europe . The estimated cost of £ 15,000 to set it up would be found through an international fund raising campaign , grant funding and commercial high-profile sponsorship . It was temporarily installed to mark Pride celebrations last year . The crossing was removed but gay rights project Proud2Be has been fighting to create a permanent version ever since . Mr Price , who set up Proud2Be with his twin brother , said that he hoped the crossing would send a strong and positive message . Mat , 32 , said : ` Totnes is a brave and courageous town , which likes to do things first . We want to celebrate diversity and encourage people to be proud of who they are . ' His brother and co-founder Jon Price , 32 , said : ` Growing up in a rural community as LGBT , I know how important it is to feel supported as it is easy to be isolated . ` The rainbow crossing is a great way to increase the visibility and awareness around these issues . This has brought the community together to do something positive . '