` Heartless ' : Tykeran Hamilton , 25 , has been jailed for 11 years . He killed cyclist Alan Knight in hit-and-run . An unlicensed driver fresh off a vodka and cocaine binge shouted ` watch this ' before killing a great-grandfather on his paper round in a hit-and-run . Tykeran Hamilton , 25 , who borrowed the rented black BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester after spending a night drinking and taking drugs , has been jailed for 11 years . He spotted a friend waiting for a bus , leaned out of the window and shouted ` watch this ' before accelerating up to 70mph on a residential road at 7 am . Bristol Crown Court heard Hamilton sped down the road and overtook cars ` recklessly ' - narrowly avoiding a central reservation and other traffic . Moments later , he crashed into cyclist Alan Knight , 64 , who was crossing the road while on his morning paper round , then drove away at high speed . Former factory worker Mr Knight , a father-of-four and grandfather-of-14 , died instantly from his injuries at the scene , on Stroud Road in Gloucester . Hamilton abandoned the car nearby then fled the city and denied any involvement in the tragedy , which happened on September 26 last year . His trial was due to start today but he admitted causing death by dangerous driving , driving without a license , driving without insurance and failing to stop after a road accident . Judge Graham Cottle said Hamilton ` could not have cared less ' about the safety of others on the road when he hit Mr Knight . ` In the early hours of the morning of September 26 Mr Knight was doing a paper round on his bicycle , ' the judge told Hamilton . ` What had you been doing for the past 12 hours ? The evidence paints a picture of you spending a night drinking , taking cocaine . ` You were an uninsured driver , you were unlicensed . You went to a garage and as it happened you saw somebody nearby who you knew . ` You said `` watch this '' . The inference that can be drawn from that statement is that you attempted to show off to him what this car could do . ` You took off up the road at around 60-70mph . You were overtaking recklessly and just managed to avoid colliding with a central island . ' Great-grandfather Alan Knight , 64 , had been out on his morning paper round when Hamilton crashed into him . Mr Knight was killed instantly . His wife said : ` My life just is n't the same since he was taken from us ' Hamilton spotted Mr Knight starting to cross the road ahead and immediately began braking but could not stop , the court heard . ` You drove straight into Mr Knight , doubtless killing him instantly , ' the judge said . ` You left him in the road and you drove off at equally high speed . ' Hamilton drove back to a friend 's house before running to see his girlfriend , who he asked to provide him with an alibi , then left Gloucester . The court heard Hamilton told friends ` I 've licked him , I 've licked him ' - street slang for ` I 've killed him ' . He was arrested on October 21 but insisted he was not involved , telling police he had been with his sister and girlfriend at the time . Prosecuting , Rupert Lowe read a victim impact statement from Mr Knight 's wife , Linda . Mr Knight was struck on Stroud Road , Gloucester -LRB- pictured -RRB- on the morning of September 26 last year . ` My life just is n't the same since he was taken from us by such a show-off person like you , Mr Hamilton , ' it said . ` Alan was a great husband , father and grandfather . We did n't want for anything . If we needed the moon he would get us the stars as well . ' Mr Knight started doing paper rounds on his bike four years before the accident and did it as a hobby to keep fit . His daughter Victoria told Hamilton in court : ` I will never forgive you for what you did that day and I hate you for it . You are heartless . ' The judge sentenced Hamilton for 10 years for causing death by dangerous driving , driving without insurance , driving without a license and failing to stop . He imposed a separate sentence of 12 months , to run after the first sentence , for five drugs charges relating to possession with intent to supply Class B drugs . Hamilton had been on license for the charges at the time he killed Mr Knight . Representing Hamilton , of Moor Street , Gloucester , Joe Maloney , said : ` He is an immature man . He panicked , drove off and did all the wrong things . ' Mr Maloney said his client had previously worked as a landscape gardener but applied for disability living allowance after being stabbed in the leg .