Everton manager Roberto Martinez sees a fearlessness in relegation-threatened Burnley similar to that displayed by his Wigan team in surviving against the odds in the Premier League . The Clarets head to Goodison Park having beaten Manchester City , drawn against Tottenham and being narrowly defeated by Arsenal in the last month . They remain two points from safety but Martinez believes the fact they have been scrapping to get out of the bottom three all season - much like his Wigan side in the four seasons he spent with them before joining the Toffees - gives them an advantage over teams who have been dragged into the race for survival . Roberto Martinez -LRB- left -RRB- says Burnley 's player remind him of his old Wigan side when they avoided the drop . ` You always see similarities , ' said the Spaniard when asked for comparisons with his experience of the Latics ' relegation battles . ` I do n't think there is any fear of relegation and that is the biggest difference Burnley have over other teams who are not in the relegation zone who are starting to think they have something to lose . ` Burnley have shown to every team they play on the front foot . ` Physically they do not show they have been involved for nine months in this competition ; it is the opposite as they are getting used to the demands of the Premier League and they look a strong team physically . The Spaniard masterminded Wigan 's escape from relegation which seemed an almost impossible task . ` When you are in a situation as clear as the one they have now with the points they have , they are only one step away from getting away from the bottom three and that is an incredible incentive . ' Martinez was criticised for not changing his approach during Everton 's difficult run a couple of months ago but he stuck to his principles and he believes Sean Dyche 's clear plan will help Burnley survive . ` Sean has been an incredible leader and has set very good direction for his team , ' he added . ` When you get into a new league you sometimes do n't get positive results after having a successful season in the Championship and you can start having doubts and wanting to change week after week . Sean Dyche has installed a fearlessness into his squad and Martinez praised his weekend opponent . ` Your own approach becomes your biggest problem but Burnley have been an incredible source of clarity , knowing what they are and how they want to achieve success and they are enjoying the best period of their season in terms of being consistent with their performances . ` You can expect them to pick up enough points to achieve their aim . ' While Burnley are fighting for their lives Everton have nothing left to play for , 12th in the table on 38 points with no chance of qualifying for Europe again . But Martinez insists there will be no easing up as they look to build on seven points from their last three matches . ` Maybe from the outside they do n't see it as an important ending to the season but I can guarantee from our point of view the next six games are very important , ' he said . John Stones -LRB- right -RRB- has turned into a crucial player for Everton this season and earned himself an England cap . ` We need to take advantage of the good moment of form we are in now . ' Key to their recent upturn has been the elimination of defensive mistakes and Martinez said that was a result of hard work on the training ground . ` The mentality has changed . I think we have become more focused as a team . Sometimes it is unfair just to speak about defenders when you talk about defensive qualities of a side , ' he said . ' -LRB- Goalkeeper -RRB- Tim Howard is enjoying a good moment of form and that breeds confidence and -LRB- John -RRB- Stones and -LRB- Phil -RRB- Jagielka have become really strong with their understanding and how they are setting a clear platform for the team . ` What is important is it is something we highlighted , it was something we were not happy with and we corrected it over the weeks and that has been reflected in the scorelines . ' Phil Jagielka -LRB- right -RRB- is forming a blossoming partnership with Stones at the heart of the Toffees defence .