When even injuries are working in Leicester 's favour , the other teams around the relegation zone should begin to worry . Leonardo Ulloa was not supposed to be starting this match , left out in favour of Andrej Kramaric . But when David Nugent suffered injury in the warm-up , Ulloa was sent on . Inside 15 minutes he scored a goal that provided the platform for a victory that looks increasingly like being part of a truly great escape . That familiar melody was hummed loudly by Leicester 's fans at full-time , fuelled by Andy King 's late second goal and the sight of their team moving off the bottom of the table for the first time since November . Leicester City defender Marcin Wasilewsk -LRB- left -RRB- hassles Swansea playmaker Gylfi Sigurdsson -LRB- right -RRB- for the ball at the King Power Stadium . Swansea winger Wayne Routledge -LRB- centre -RRB- jumps to avoid the challenges of Leicester defenders as he surges forward on Saturday . Swansea City midfielder Jack Cork -LRB- left -RRB- prepares to block a cross from Leicester 's Esteban Cambiasso during the Premier League match . Leicester 's Andy King slides in with a strong challenge on Swansea forward Nelson Oliveira during the match at the King Power Stadium . Leicester -LRB- 3-4-1-2 -RRB- : Schmeichel 7 ; Wasilewski 6 -LRB- De Laet 46 ' 6 -RRB- , Huth 6.5 , Morgan 6.5 ; Albrighton 7 , King 7 , Cambiasso 7.5 , Schlupp 6.5 ; Kramaric 6 -LRB- Drinkwater 74 ' -RRB- ; Ulloa 7 -LRB- Mahrez 68 ' 6 -RRB- , Vardy 7 . Subs not used : Konchesky , James , Lawrence , Schwarzer . Manager : Nigel Pearson 7.5 . Swansea -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Fabianski 6.5 ; Rangel 6 , Fernandez 5.5 , Williams 6 , Amat 5.5 ; Cork 6 , Ki 5.5 -LRB- Montero 58 ' 6 -RRB- ; Routledge 6 -LRB- Dyer 70 ' 5 -RRB- , Shelvey 6 , Sigurdsson 5 ; Oliveira 5 -LRB- Emnes 75 ' 5 -RRB- . Subs not used : Britton , Grimes , Tremmel , Bartley . Booked : Amat , Shelvey . Manager : Garry Monk 6 . Referee : Lee Probert . Attendance : 31,121 . Man of the Match : Esteban Cambiasso . Leonardo Ulloa gives Leicester the lead , scoring from Wes Morgan 's knock down . One more goal would have taken them out of the relegation places instead of Hull , but much more like this and that will come . This is three Premier League wins in a row for the first time since 2000 . Manager Nigel Pearson has been here before . Leicester emerged for this game looking like , one imagines , the pack of dogs that Pearson once fought off with a stick while hiking in the Carpathian mountains . His side are finally bearing teeth at the end of an arduous season , two wins in succession providing genuine hope of a remarkable surge to safety . Shifting off the bottom for the first time since November was the carrot for this game should defeat be avoided . Pearson selected an attacking side , a 3-4-1-2 with genuine wingers in the wide roles . He sent on Ulloa for the injured Nugent and played Andrej Kramaric as No 10 . Cambiasso -LRB- front -RRB- stretches to control the ball ahead of the oncoming Swansea forward Ki Sung-yueng -LRB- behind -RRB- at the King Power Stadium . Leicester hitman Leonoardo Ulloa -LRB- right -RRB- strikes the ball to score his side 's opening goal against Swansea during the match on Saturday . The home side began with feral ferocity . Straight from kick-off Jamie Vardy drove at the Swansea defence only being halted at the last by Federico Fernandez . The tone was set . The lead Leicester craved was theirs in the 15th minute . Ulloa made the Premier League sit up and take notice at the start of the season with a flurry of goals , but his failure to maintain the momentum contributed largely to Leicester 's decline . This was his first Premier League goal in four months , but what an important one . Following a corner the ball was recycled to Marcin Wasilewski , who launched a long ball from halfway that Ulloa flicked-on to Wes Morgan , who had stayed up . The centre-back fed it back to the Argentine who lashed home under the diving leg of Ashley Williams . The King Power Stadium erupted , and Ulloa ran to the dugout to Jon Sanders , the club 's player liaison officer , and share a hug . Leicester are very much together at the crucial stage of the season , as this performance illustrated . Swansea were nothing like their fluid best , restricted to long shots easily held by Kasper Schmeichel . At half-time Wasilewski was forced off , with Richie De Laet coming on , and Leicester switched to four at the back . Their energy remained . Three minutes after the break Marc Albrighton fired a shot narrowly wide , and shortly after Kramaric sent a chance over following a breakaway . Schmeichel saved well from Jonjo Shelvey , was again from range , but it was Leicester unpicking Swansea 's defence with greater frequency . In the 55th minute Vardy crossed to Ulloa , who sent his header onto the roof of the net while back-peddling . A minute later , Ulloa got free down right and centred , Vardy miscued and Kramaric ballooned a very good opening over . This has been a theme of Leicester 's season , always positive but too often missing chances . It has previously proved costly . It would have done again in the 67th minute , but for a stunning save by Schmeichel . Nelson Oliveira ran clear and stayed on his feet when Robert Huth made a desperate lunge -- referee Lee Probert could have awarded a penalty and possibly red in any case . Schmeichel came out in star jump fashion -- like his dad Peter -- and thwarted Oliveira 's finish . Ulloa rushes over to supporters to celebrate a crucial goal in the club 's bid to avoid relegation from the Premier League this season . Leicester 's Andrej Kramaric -LRB- left -RRB- has a shot at goal blocked by Swansea centre-back Jordi Amat -LRB- right -RRB- at the King Power Stadium . Swansea City boss Garry Monk -LRB- right -RRB- gives instructions to defender Angel Rangel -LRB- left -RRB- during the match against Leicester on Saturday . Wasilewski -LRB- centre left -RRB- gives chase to Swansea 's Oliveria -LRB- centre -RRB- who surges forward with the ball for the visitors on Saturday . Leicester skipper Wes Morgan slides in with a strong challenge from behind on Swansea winger Routledge during the match on Saturday . Morgan -LRB- right -RRB- tussles for possession with Oliveria -LRB- left -RRB- as Leicester take on Swansea at the King Power Stadium on Saturday . Leicester 's King -LRB- right -RRB- jumps highest to head the ball away from Swansea 's Oliveira during the Premier League match on Saturday . Schmeichel grasped the ball and blew out his cheeks moments later after saving another snap shot from Shelvey . Jefferson Montero than saw his shot deflect wide off Morgan when it could have gone anywhere . From then the game was Leicester 's . Through Vardy , Albrighton and substitute Riyad Mahrez they possessed pace to counter at speed Swansea struggled to handle . In the 73rd minute Vardy led a two-on-one breakaway but over-hit his pass to Mahrez allowing Lukasz Fabianski time to dive and block . Vardy was again clear six minutes later through Danny Drinkwater 's pass and fell under contact from Ashley Williams as he pushed the ball past the Swansea captain . Pearson was incensed but it would have been soft . Vardy sent another chance over , and Fabianski palmed wide a stinging shot by Mahrez . But a minute from time Leicester did seal the win . Esteban Cambiasso , superb all afternoon , fired a free-kick through Swansea 's wall , Fabianski spilled the ball , and King applied the required tap-in . The noise was phenomenal . Leicester believe . Swansea City midfielder Jonjo Shelvey -LRB- left -RRB- skips away from the challenge of Leicester winger Marc Albrighton during the match on Saturday . King scores Leicester 's second goal on the rebound following Cambiasso 's parried free-kick to secure a 2-0 win for the home side . King celebrates his goal which sees Leicester move off the bottom of the Premier League table for the first time since November last year .