After initially removing photos of an Alabama boy born without a nose because they were deemed to be too controversial , Facebook has reinstated photos of the infant , according to his mother . Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . His mother Brandi McGlathery said Facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote Eli 's story . Scroll down for video . Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama and his mom put his photo on Facebook . A picture of Eli was removed by Facebook after a pro-life group tried to post it to promote his story . The story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints , WKRG reported . Brandi said : ` I posted the status with a link about it saying no one 's going to keep me from posting photos of my child . ` If I can see completely distasteful things on Facebook all day long , then I can post a picture of my son . ` He was everywhere and he broke the internet ! ' Eli 's parents , Brandi McGlathery -LRB- left -RRB- and Troy Thompson -LRB- right -RRB- are raising money for him on GoFundMe . Eli had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old . Doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in Eli 's skull which will allow him to breathe when he is older . A family friend set up a GoFundMe page to help Eli 's parents pay for his care . Brandi wrote : ` He will have to have a tracheoomy & a feeding bag inserted into his stomach , which is also not what I expected . ` I would be so grateful for anything anyone could spare , but if you can not afford to help with money I will be just as appreciative for prayers for my sweet Eli . ` He has a long road a head of him & we need all the support we can get . ' Doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in Eli 's skull when he 's older which will allow him to breathe . After he was born , Eli was treated at the USA Children 's and Women 's Hospital in Mobile for three weeks . McGlathery , 23 , is diligently tracking the ups and downs of her baby 's progress on the Eli 's Journey Facebook page . She shared the good news of his test results , including an eye exam and cranial scan that came back normal , as well as the ` hard blow ' the family was dealt when they found out Eli did n't have nasal passages . The mother-of-three has also shared the emotional joys she 's had with Eli , including his first successful bath and bottle feeding , and the first time she saw his face without an oral respirator . She is worried about what Eli will have to experience as he grows up and wrote : ` My biggest fear for Eli is that the world wo n't see him as the beautiful , brave little boy that I see him as . ' No matter what , the mother-of-three calls him ` the most beautiful boy I 've ever laid eyes on ' .