The front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show on Thursday . Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq , and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising . One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination . Scroll down for video . Cheeky : Models give the front row an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by Marriam Seddiq during the St George New Generation show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . Leather and straps : A model at the Raffles International Showcase wore a dress by Any Step constructed of leather straps and buckles . Another wore an unusual skirt and pants creation that appeared demure front-on , but as the model walked was revealed to be a printed panel that viewed from the side revealed entirely sheer pants , showing off her derrière . No less demure was the model in a long waistcoat worn open to reveal her chest and stomach . Sex appeal played a major role in the show , whether through the sheer mesh fabrics or racily cut gowns with thigh-high slits . Suddenly shy : The model was slightly more conservative backstage , covering herself up for photographers . Chesty : And yet another wore a waistcoat open to reveal her front . Flashing the flesh : Whether through sheer fabric -LRB- left -RRB- or thigh-high slits -LRB- left and right -RRB- , Marriam Seddiq ensured her models were working the sex factor at all times . Similarly , the Raffles International Showcase held later in the day at Carriageworks was awash with racy creations . Designer Any Step sent a model down the runway wearing a dress constructed of just purple leather straps connected in a criss-cross design , leaving much of her body on display . The creation was held to her model with buckles on her arms , around her torso , and legs , while an intricate cuff necklace was the only accessory . The model 's modesty was protected by high-waisted black underwear and black pasties over her nipples . Peekaboo : The same model from the Any Step show was less demure in a completely see-through blouse walking for Cynthia Francisca . The same model was n't quite so demure in another outfit when walking for a different designer in the showcase . She reappeared wearing a sheer black blouse by Cynthia Francisca that showed off her breasts , teamed with an intricate body piece and voluminous cream pants . The Raffles International Showcase featured seven emerging designers from the Raffles College of Design and Commerce . The talent included 580 , Any Step , Asanovski , Cynthia Francisca , De Le Motte , Iven Teh , and Sara Aljaism .