A Maryland father and his seven children were discovered dead Monday afternoon from carbon monoxide poisoning caused by a generator they were using after the power company had cut off their electricity , according to relatives . The tragic incident took place in Princess Anne - a community of 3,260 in Somerset County , Maryland . Princess Anne police told Daily Mail Online that no foul play was suspected in the deaths . Scroll down for videos . Family wiped out : Eight members of the same family - seven of them children between ages six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne , Maryland , home Monday afternoon . Deceased father : Relatives have identified the adult victim as father of seven Rodney Todd Sr , 36 , pictured left and right . Tynijuiza Todd , 15 , -LRB- left -RRB- and her 12-year-old sister Tykira -LRB- right -RRB- are believed to have perished in the carbon monoxide accident . Eldest : Todd 's eldest son Cameron , 13 , is pictured with his sister , 15-year-old Tynijuiza . Birthday boy : On March 10 , Todd posed for a photo with his son , 7-year-old Zycheim -LRB- left and right -RRB- , saying his birthday was coming up soon . Tynijuiza Todd and all of her sisters perished in the carbon monoxide poisoning . Police Chief Scott Keller confirmed to Delmarva Now that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16 , but they have not been officially named as of midnight pending the notification of next of kin . Bonnie and Lloyd Edwards , encountered outside the home by a reporter from The Associated Press , identified themselves as the mother and stepfather of Rodney Todd , 36 , whom they identified as the adult who died . They said Todd had seven children , including five girls and two boys . Bonnie Edwards identified the children as boys Cameron Todd , 13 , and Zycheim Todd , 7 ; and girls Tynijuiza Todd , 15 ; Tykira Todd , 12 ; Tybree Todd , 10 ; Tyania Todd , 9 ; and Tybria Todd , 6 . Officers who responded to the home in the 30500 block of Antioch Avenue entered the residence and found the eight family members dead inside . Officers observed that a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel . The home had no electricity . Chief Keller said they knew at once ` there were n't any live people in there . ' Stephanie Wells , Rodney Todd 's supervisor at University of Maryland-Eastern Shore food services , said she last spoke to him March 28 . Chief Keller confirmed that the man and his children were last heard from on the last Saturday of March . Horrified : A woman looks away as bodies of the family of eight are removed from a house . Grieving : Lloyd Edwards , left , and Bonnie Edwards , the stepfather and mother of Rodney Todd stand outside the home where Todd and his seven children found dead Monday . Welfare check : Officers responded to the house in the 30500 block of Antioch Avenue after getting a call from the father 's employer saying he had not shown up for work Monday morning . Lloyd Edwards said police told them Todd had died . ` It was disbelief , ' he said . ` It 's so hard . How can you understand something like that ? ' Mr Edwards also revealed that Delmarva Power had cut off the electricity to the house because of an outstanding bill . Matt Likovich , a spokesman for Delmarva Power , would not say Monday night whether the power had been cut off . He said the matter was being investigated . Edwards said , ` to keep his seven children warm , -LSB- Todd -RSB- bought a generator . It went out and the carbon monoxide consumed them . ' According to AccuWeather.com , on March 29 temperatures dropped overnight into the mid-20s , with highs in the 40s . Bonnie Edwards described her son as a loving , caring young man who set an example for his children . ` I do n't know anyone his age who would have done what he did ' for his children , she said . ` I was so proud to say he took care of seven kids . ' According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , carbon monoxide is found in fumes produced any time you burn fuel in cars or trucks , small engines , stoves , lanterns , grills , fireplaces , gas ranges , or furnaces . The harmful gas can build up indoors and poison people and animals who breathe it . The most common symptoms of CO poisoning are headache , dizziness , weakness , upset stomach , vomiting , chest pain , and confusion . CO symptoms are often described as ` flu-like . ' More than 400 Americans die each year from exposure to carbon monoxide . Sheets are held as a body is removed from a residence where a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel . The local chief of police said his officers knew at once they will not found anyone alive inside the house . Silent killer : Stunned neighbors look an as police probe the CO accident . More than 400 Americans die each year from exposure to carbon monoxide .