This was tricky for Steve Cotterill . He did not want to do Bristol City down but at the same time felt the truth ought to be laid bare . The eight-second pause was revealing in its length as a delicate topic reared its head . Where exactly would this club -- now on the brink of the Championship -- be without their billionaire owner Steve Lansdown ? Cotterill looked down at his feet , searching for the right answer . ` I do n't quite know , ' he said , head shaking . It is n't worth thinking about . He is aware that they 'd be nowhere near a win away from League One promotion , potentially ending the season as champions and enjoying a spectacularly redeveloped Ashton Gate . Steve Cotteril has taken Bristol City to the brink of a Championship return after two seasons in League One . City have already won silverware this season in the shape of a Johnstone 's Paint Trophy win last month . ` There are a lot of big clubs in League One , Two and the Conference with good support . You only have to look at Bristol Rovers and the crowds they get in the Conference , ' Cotterill added after his side 's 1-1 draw at second-placed Preston . The inference was obvious . ` We 're on the verge of the Championship and that 's only down to Steve and his investment and what he 's doing at the ground . ' Lansdown , who made his fortune from financial services , is a rare breed in English football , unwavering in ploughing his own fortune into the club through love and nothing else . It has n't always been rosy . That strategy was downright naive when they chased the Premier League dream and racked up astonishing debts in doing so . Dean Windass 's memorable winner for Hull City in the 2008 Championship play-off final might have cost Bristol City far more than just missing out on top-flight riches . If Lansdown had n't changed his approach they could have folded . Dean Windass hit the only goal of the game as Hull were promoted at the expense of the Robins . Those mistakes -- over-paying for decent but not exceptional players -- meant the owner had to write off an eye-watering £ 35million worth of debt last year . The age of Financial Fair Play dictates they must live within their means . Lansdown is far more pragmatic with money nowadays , even though Cotterill was allowed to spend £ 1.65 m on four players last summer . They later sold striker Sam Baldock to Brighton for £ 2m and the squad is among the smallest in all four divisions . Quality , not quantity . ` I ai n't quite sure we bought the division , ' Cotterill added . ` We pay all these over a period of time , over a couple of years . ` We will still potentially need to up our budget from where we are -LSB- next season -RSB- . I would n't mind betting that Preston have got a bigger budget than us . I 'm not saying that to put any pressure on anybody , all I 'm saying is that their squad 's bigger than ours and I know their players . Probably Sheffield United as well . ' Aaron Wilbraham celebrates his goal at Preston which kept City 's eight-point lead at the top of League One . Bristol City will become the first Football League club to clinch promotion this year should they beat Bradford at Valley Parade on Tuesday , in turn ending a two-year absence from the Championship . They have been staying in a Preston hotel ahead of the trip across the Pennines , training at Burnley today and utilising Cotterill 's contacts . ` I was at Burnley for nearly four years , ' he added . ` I should be allowed to train on the pitch that I built ! We sold Robbie Blake -LSB- to Birmingham City for more than £ 1m in 2004 -RSB- and built a new pitch . I will take credit for that . ' What he wo n't take credit for is City 's rise back where they belong . That 's reserved for one fanatic with very deep pockets . Owner Steve Lansdown -LRB- right -RRB- has backed Bristol City to the hilt with his own personal fortune .