Swansea manager Garry Monk insists Newcastle 's players will not be affected by any supporters ' protests at St James ' Park on Saturday . The Magpies have lost their last six Barclays Premier League games under caretaker manager John Carver and more demonstrations are planned for the visit of Swansea after a significantly smaller crowd than usual saw last weekend 's 3-1 home defeat to Tottenham . Campaign organisers protesting over Mike Ashley 's ownership have said they will support anyone who wishes to boycott once again and have asked fans to stand up on 34 minutes inside St James ' Park on Saturday - to reflect the £ 34million the club left in the bank during the last financial year rather than investing in the squad . Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday afternoon . At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James ' Park for the club 's last home game against Spurs . Fans are unhappy at the club 's lack of ambition , despite owner Ashley having £ 34million in the bank . But Monk claims the backdrop to the game will have no bearing on the actual 90 minutes , saying : ` As a player there 's nothing you can do about that - you have to concentrate on your football . ` No player goes out on the pitch without the intention of giving his best and I 'm sure all the Newcastle fans will be thinking that . ` They 'll want to put on a display and do well in front of their crowd and bounce back from recent results , and as a player you are there to perform . ' The supporters ' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday 's match against Swansea . Carver was handed the Newcastle reins until the end of the season after Alan Pardew quit the club in late December to become Crystal Palace boss . And Monk sees similarities between himself and Carver as he became Swansea manager in February 2014 with the Welsh outfit involved in a relegation battle at the time . ` I was in that position at the end of last season , although maybe it 's a little bit different because John 's been a coach for a number of years and has got that experience , ' said Monk , whose side have equalled Swansea 's best ever Premier League points total with five games still remaining . Fans boycotting the Spurs match hold banners demanding the resignation of Ashley as Newcastle director . ` But in terms of taking over at a difficult moment for the club and trying to get results straight away , it 's similar . ` The times I 've met him , he 's a fantastic guy with a lot of experience , he speaks well and is pushing his players to get the best . That 's in his character , and you see that in his interviews . ` I have sympathy for him in a way because as a manager you have to get results , but I 'm sure he is giving 100 per cent and putting all his knowledge and experience into it . ' Newcastle supporters have also been asked to take part in peaceful protests outside Sports Direct stores . Swansea are unbeaten on their three Premier League visits to Newcastle , winning twice and drawing once , and secured their top-flight status last season by winning 2-1 at St James ' Park towards the end of April . ` We 've done well there over the years and it 's a great place to go and play your football , ' Monk said . ` You 're in the game to play in those big stadiums and our players are used to those arenas now as they are established Premier League players . ` Hopefully we can use the crowd against the team if we perform well , but the idea is to focus on ourselves and put our best football on the pitch . ' Swansea boss Garry Monk -LRB- right -RRB- insists Newcastle 's players will not be affected by the protests .