Nicola Sturgeon today faced claims she would ` paralyse ' the UK economy with her demand for another referendum on Scottish independence . The SNP leader , who has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead , sparked outrage with her suggestion by refusing to rule out a second vote on breaking up the Union . Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if the SNP chose to ` constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want ' . Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon today faced claims she would ` paralyse ' the UK economy with her demand for another referendum on Scottish independence . The SNP leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead , where she set out her ` triple lock ' for a second referendum . The First Minister took a shot on the pool table as she played a game against children at the after-school club and community nursery . Ms Sturgeon was booed after saying on a TV debate this week that Scots should be given another say on breaking away from the rest of the UK . In September 's referendum , 55 per cent voted in favour of staying in the UK , but the SNP has seen a surge in support since then and is set to take dozens of seats from Labour in the general election on May 7 . Speaking during an election campaign visit to a nursery in Loanhead near Edinburgh , Ms Sturgeon set out details of what she called a ` triple lock ' that exists on independence . She said : ` Firstly , there would have to be a change of circumstances from the referendum last year for a proposal for another referendum to be in an SNP manifesto in future . ` Secondly , people would then have to vote for that manifesto ... thirdly , people would then have to vote for independence . The point I am making is that this is a decision that lies in the hands of the people . ' But the prospect of another referendum has been condemned by rival parties . Ms Sturgeon was booed after saying on a TV debate this week that Scots should be given another say on breaking away from the rest of the UK . Ms Sturgeon said next month 's General Election is not a 're - run ' of the referendum , but is buoyed by a surge in support for the SNP which suggests she could hold the balance of power after May 7 . Ms Sturgeon later escorted children to a bus , as she continued to set the political pace north of the border . Mr Clegg today warned of the impact on Scotland and the whole of the UK . Campaigning in Cornwall , he said : ` It is of huge significance that despite their protestations that they have got no plans to keep constantly asking everybody the same question until they get an answer they want , actually that is precisely what they intend to do . ` I think that would have a paralysing effect on the Scottish economy and would have a paralysing effect on the UK economy as a whole if we 're constantly trying to guess every few years whether the SNP are going to get their way . ` They just do n't seem to be able to accept the answer they received at the ballot box . Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if the SNP chose to ` constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want ' ` There is almost a sort of Maoist tendency which says that the people must be wrong according to the SNP and that they must be forced to ask themselves the question over and over and over again until they give the answer which is satisfactory to Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon . ' Mr Clegg went on : ` It is a bit like that Japanese soldier who emerged from the jungle after 30 years and he thought the Second World War was still on . I sometimes think the SNP 's a bit like that . ' In an STV debate on Tuesday , Ms Sturgeon said next month 's General Election is not a 're - run ' of the referendum , . But she pointedly said ` that 's another matter ' when asked about her Holyrood manifesto for 2016 . Her weak response was met with audible groans from the audience . During the show , the SNP leader insisted : ` I do accept the result of the referendum . There is a triple lock on this . ` Before it is inserted in the manifesto , public opinion has to change , and then people have to vote for the manifesto if it is in it , then people have to vote for independence . ' Today Ruth Davidson , Tory leader in Scotland , said : ` The SNP seem to by trying to ride two horses , saying to people , ` It 's okay , we 're a safe vote , we 're not going to push for another referendum ' , and then saying to their tens of thousands of new members ` do n't worry another referendum is just around the corner and we can push for it in one more heave ' . ` Nicola Sturgeon is all over the place on whether there is going to be a second referendum . ` She says that there has got to be a material change and then says an opinion poll may be that change . ` I think a lot of people would have been quite disturbed last night to hear Nicola Sturgeon talking about full fiscal autonomy within the next year . '