A German rapper turned Islamic State terrorist has released a propaganda video where he calls on jihadist sleeper cells in Europe to carry out terrorist attacks . Denis Cuspert , 39 , dubbed the ` Goebbels of ISIS ' , sings about planning attacks in Britain , Germany and France , rapping ` We want your blood ' . This follows reports that British police have raised security levels ahead of several World War I commemorative events taking place next week . Scroll down for video . Cuspert had been a relatively successful rapper under the name Deso Dogg before trading in his faux-gangster lifestyle to wage jihad on behalf of the Islamic State . In the slick three-minute video Cuspert sings ` in France deeds were done , in Germany the sleepers are waiting . We want your bloo . Anzac Day , which takes place on April 25 , honours Australian and New Zealand soldiers who have died in war , originally observed in memory of troops who fought at Gallipoli in 1915 . ` We already have protective security plans in place for major Anzac events in the UK but as a sensible precaution all forces have been asked to review security arrangements at related events , ' a Scotland Yard spokeman told the Sunday Times . The propaganda production made by the 39-year-old , who now calls himself Abu Talha al-Amani , is filled with horrific footage of prisoners being beheaded and Jordanian pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh being burned alive . In the slick three-minute video , he sings : ` In France deeds were done , in Germany the sleepers are waiting . We want your blood . ` Even if you 're in Europe , wage your jihad . Allah will reward you , put an end to the filthy ones . Oh Allah destroy them . ' German rapper turned Islamic State terrorist Denis Cuspert has released a music video threatening his home nation with a Charlie Hebdo-like atrocity . The propaganda video contains staged footage of bombs being assembled and guns being prepped . Pictured is a grab from the video - a news footage clip of Paris attacker Amedy Coulibaly being shot by armed police . The video contains footage of passages from the Koran such as ` kill the polytheists wherever you find them ' being highlighted , along with images of Western soldiers being treated in hospital and staged footage of bombs being assembled and guns being prepped . The number of Britons who have travelled to Iraq and Syria to join ISIS is twice than what has previously been reported . It is now thought that 1,600 Brits have joined ISIS , foreign intelligence officials told the Sunday Times . ` We believe that 1,600 is a very conservative estimate and we 're seeing at least about five people leaving the UK for Syria anbd Iraq every week - and that 's not to count the ones we do n't know about , ' an intelligence official said . According to the newspaper , about 500 have returned to the UK after heading to the Islamic State . News clips from last year 's Paris attacks carried out by Saïd and Chérif Kouachi -- who murdered Charlie Hebdo staff members - and Amedy Coulibaly , who gunned down shoppers at a Jewish supermarket , also accompanie the singing . Cuspert had been a relatively successful rapper under the name Deso Dogg before trading in his faux-gangster lifestyle to wage jihad on behalf of the Islamic State . In February it was revealed that the militant - who has starred in several grisly beheading videos for the Islamic State - was being spied on for the FBI by a Syrian woman he thought was his wife . The spy transmitted critical information about the rapper and his ISIS colleagues before escaping to Turkey - where she was arrested and then turned over to the US , according to the German newspaper Bild . The paper said German and American intelligence sources confirmed the existence of the operation , Fox News reports . The unidentified woman fled Syria after her handlers told her it was no longer safe to continue the mission as militants had began to hunt and flush out infiltrators . She is now thought to be in the US . In February it was revealed that the militant - who has starred in several grisly beheading videos for the Islamic State - was being spied on for the FBI by a Syrian woman he thought was his wife . German newspaper Bild believe Cuspert may have been targeted for the operation because of his womanising past . In Germany he fathered three children by three different women , including one who he dumped just before embarking on his career as an ISIS poster boy . Cuspert arrived in Syria in 2013 from a so-called German jihadi colony in Egypt . In February the US added rapper Cuspert to its list of ` global terrorists ' - freezing all his assets under US control and prohibiting any transactions with him in the future . The State Department said : ` Cuspert is emblematic of the type of foreign recruit ISIL seeks for its ranks - -- individuals who have engaged in criminal activity in their home countries who then travel to Iraq and Syria to commit far worse crimes against the people of those countries . ' Last November , Cuspert was compared to Nazi Minister for Propaganda Joseph Goebbels for his ability to appeal to young , disillusioned people in Europe while providing an alternative ideology . He spent several years as a major player in the Berlin hip hop scene under the name ` Deso Dogg ' before embracing radical Islam . He has been known to oversee the group 's sophisticated media operation and is reportedly using British fighters in an attempt to attract even more of their countrymen to the war-torn region . It is understood he leads a unit of German-speaking ISIS terrorists operating under the name ` The German Brigade of Millatu Ibrahim ' .