Drank himself to death : Charles Terreni Jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died . An 18-year-old University of Carolina freshman who was found dead after a St Patrick 's Day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ` tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled . Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found . He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on March 18 , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual Irish holiday . Terreni 's official blood alcohol reading was .375 , according to WISTV . He is the son of Columbia attorney Charles Terreni , a former staff member for then-Lt . Gov. Bob Peeler , a former state Public Service Commissioner and a man involved in legislative redistricting . The death is still under investigation . Circumstances leading up to his death are not clear , but the house was draped in St Patrick 's decorations and a beer keg could be seen outside . Neither the fraternity nor the university has explained the situation in detail . However , USC suspended the fraternity in the wake of the death . Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning . ` I would say there are three houses there , and I do n't know who exactly lives in them , but there 's always a frequency of parties going on , ' neighbor Mehrdad Vejdani told Fox Carolina . ` At times , there can be a hundred people in that place . Live band in the backyard , which is fine . I mean , some noise , but it does n't bother us too much . ' Scroll down for video . Suspended : The Pi Kappa Alpha house at the University of South Carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house Wednesday morning . Rager ? Neighbors said the house had a party the night before , on St Patrick 's Day . On Wednesday , several stray cups and a keg were seen on the porch , as well as clover decorations . The Columbia Police Department and Richland County Coroner 's Office have both labeled the death ` suspicious ' . Responding the Terreni 's death , the fraternity 's national office released a statement saying the USC chapter had been placed on leave pending the investigation . It said : ` The fraternity 's thoughts and prayers are with the family of this young man and the brothers of Xi Chapter ' . A spokesman for USC added : ` There are a lot of rumors out there about the circumstances surrounding the death but at this point the matter remains under investigation . ' ` While we await further information we are focused on helping our community grieve and heal . ' This is the second incident at the fraternity in a week . Last Friday , the University of Connecticut chapter lost recognition for hazing members , providing alcohol to underage students and harassing women . Pi Kappa Alpha was founded in 1868 at the University of Virginia and has now grown to include some 220 groups across the U.S. and Canada . The house has been plagued by controversy before . In November 2012 , a 19-year-old student at Northern Illinois University died after a night of heavy drinking . Five frat members were charged with felonies for hazing and the chapter was suspended indefinitely . That same year , the University of Tennessee , Knoxville chapter was suspended indefinitely when a 20-year-old member was hospitalized for reportedly ingesting wine through his anus .