Concerns have been raised over a program which allows school students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate - and is only being offered to pupils at a prestigious Sydney private school . Tuition , sporting and curricula fees for Scot 's College , one of Sydney 's most prestigious schools , reportedly top $ 30,000 . The University of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at the elite school Scot 's College , Fairfax Media reported , stirring fears among student groups and university staff that the program allows parents to ` buy ' their sons entry to the sandstone university . The program was devised by the university 's commercial arm , Sydney Learning , and students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses , including bachelor degrees in health sciences , liberal arts and science , animal and veterinary bioscience , visual arts , music and oral health , or in a diploma of law . Minutes of a university Academic Board meeting show staff were worried over how the course was being advertised to Year 11 students ` as an alternative to completing the HSC ' , with ` concern noted about possible implications for the university 's reputation ' . Eight Scot 's students gained ` direct entry ' to the university after completing the program in 2014 , according to a letter sent to parents by principal Dr Ian Lambert , while 166 students completing the HSC . Rose Steele , the president of the National Union of Students , told Daily Mail Australia that while it was important there were alternative pathways available for students to gain entry to university , it was ` really concerning ' if this program was only open to students who could afford it . ` NUS really believes education should be open to all and not just those who can afford it , ' Ms Steele said . Sandstone halls : The University of Sydney 's commercial arm , Sydney Learning , has run the pilot program with Scot 's College . Pictured above is the university 's clocktower and the eastern range of its main building precinct . Scot 's College does not advertise their fees for tuition , sport and other curriculum activities , but in 2013 they were reported to be $ 30,900 per year . Daily Mail Australia approached the University of Sydney and Scot 's College for comment on Monday morning . Dr Lambert , the college 's chief , was quoted telling the Sydney Morning Herald that the diploma was designed with students ` in the middle rank of learners ' in mind . Do you know more ? Daniel.Piotrowski@mailonline.com . Scot 's College : Dr Lambert , the college 's chief , was quoted telling the Sydney Morning Herald that the diploma was designed with students ` in the middle rank of learners ' in mind .