Technology shows such as the annual E3 games conference in Los Angeles have become known for their scantily clad ` booth babes ' designed to attract people to stands . However , a Dutch firm has taken a slightly different approach for its London event . TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch . Scroll down for video . The robots were originally created by Walker for a show called ` Peepshow ' . The dancers , which cost around £ 2,500 to hire , were made out of old car parts and were designed by British artist Giles Walker , with their moves controlled by a computer . The robots were originally created in 2012 by Walker for a show called ` Peepshow ' . ` We are now all living in a peepshow . ` Continually being watched by mechanical peeping toms on every street corner , ' he said . ` With this in mind , I wondered if it was possible to literally make a CCTV camera sexy using simple mechanics ... and by using the imagery of a pole dancer question the roles played in voyeurism . The robots will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event , along with presentations from leading figures in the technology industry . ` Could this pile of old windscreen wipers and odd pieces of metal become something sexual ... ' ` Inspiration Centraal ' - the free event hosted by Dutch hosting company TransIP - has so far seen more than 3,500 technology enthusiasts attend to hear talks from some of London 's most successful startup entrepreneurs , including MindCandy founder Michael Acton-Smith and ` gaming industry godfather ' Ian Livingstone . The eight day event , was been staged to celebrate the UK launch of Dutch VPS , hosting and domain name company TransIP . The dancers , which cost around £ 2,500 to hire , were made out of old car parts and were designed by British artist Giles Walker , with their moves controlled by a computer . ` We chose Shoreditch and Tech City quite deliberately as our new home , as we are a fan of London 's growing stature as an international technology hub , but frankly our expectations have been exceeded by the level of engagement we 've experienced from the startup community in this beautiful city , ' said TransIP CEO Jeroen Hüpscher . ` We 've been blown away by the reaction to our event , the level of attendance and the infectious enthusiasm for building a vibrant and successful startup ecosystem . The robots will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event , along with presentations from leading figures in the technology industry .