A celebrated Texas-born hunter was crushed to death by a baby elephant in Zimbabwe as he tried to measure its ivory tusks for an American client . Ian Gibson , 55 , was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts , who would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in South Africa . On Wednesday , he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in Zimbabwe 's Zambezi Valley when the animal charged , and knelt on Gibson until he died . Crushed to death : Ian Gibson , 55 , was killed by a young bull elephant while measuring its ivory for a U.S. client . His American client , who was also present , has not been identified . The Dallas Safari Club is paying for Gibson 's funeral . Despite only having one leg , Gibson was described by fans as ` fit and strong ' . According to a statement from Safari Classics , posted on AfricaHunting.com , the group had stopped for a rest when the animal approached their group . Gibson and his tracker approached to assess its ivory . ` At very close range , Ian was able to get off one shot before the bull killed him . The scene was very graphic , ' the statement read . Twitter users were widely pitiless , with hundreds of animal rights supporters commenting that he ` got what he deserved ' . Lauded figure : Gibson , who lived in South Africa , was a popular figure in the U.S. safari enthusiast community . Backlash : Twitter users have been widely unsympathetic to Gibson 's death in Zimbabwe on Wednesday . Tributes posted on the hunting forum slammed unsympathetic reactions to Gibson 's death , describing the big game hunter as a ` magnificent wildlife photographer and conservationist . ' According to friends , he fired one shot at the young bull elephant , who was going through ` musth ' - a period of high testosterone . The animal then charged . Gibson 's trackers wrote on AfricaHunting.com : ` We know ` Gibbo ' shot it once , from about 10 yards away , with a 458 -LSB- rifle -RSB- . ` He would never have fired unless he had no alternative . He was a hunter , yes , but he was also a magnificent wildlife photographer and conservationist . Prized : Ivory tusks are some of the most prized treasures hunters can get , enraging animal rights supporters . ` He was so experienced and this is a most unexpected tragedy . ' The news has come a month after a study was released warning that ivory hunting is continuing to diminish the elephant population in Africa . A report by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species , which is known as CITES and regulates wildlife trade , said poaching rates of elephants in areas that are being monitored still exceed their natural birth rates . Conservationists say tens of thousands of elephants have been killed in Africa in recent years as demand for ivory in Asia , particularly China , increases . Past estimates of Africa 's elephant population have ranged from 420,000 to 650,000 . Prince William is one of the world 's most prominent voices in defense of elephants against ivory hunters .