A woman is in a critical condition after falling 30 metres from the highest lookout in Blue Mountains when she slipped trying to retrieve her mobile phone . The 44-year-old , named by locals as Donna Christie , slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon , the ABC reports . She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children , aged 12 and 13 , when she dropped her phone at the lookout , which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level . The 44-year-old , named by locals as Donna Christie , slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon . She is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres . Her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police , paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman . ` The paramedics were assisted by emergency services personnel to stabilise the then unconscious patient , lift her back up to the top of the cliff face , where an ambulance helicopter was then dispatched from Sydney , ' an Ambulance spokesman said . She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children , aged 12 and 13 , when she dropped her phone at the lookout , which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level . She is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres . She was airlifted to Westmead Hospital in Sydney where she remains in a stable condition . ` It was one of those tragic accidents that could have been avoided , ' Lithgow police inspector Chris Sammut said . ` In this case , it would appear that she 's accidently dropped her phone and in trying to retrieve it , she 's lost her footing and fallen . ' Inspector Sammut said parts of the lookout did n't have fencing and walkers needed to be vigilant to avoid risks . ` We have to weigh up whether a mobile phone is worth a life and obviously the answer is ` no ' , ' he said . ` The phone can be replaced . ' She was airlifted to Westmead Hospital in Sydney where she remains in a stable condition . Inspector Sammut said parts of the lookout did n't have fencing and walkers needed to be vigilant to avoid risks . It took two hours for police , paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue her -LRB- file photo -RRB- .