A man has died after a ride-on lawnmower he was using overturned into a farmhouse pond and trapped him underneath . The man , who has been named locally as 62-year-old Richard Clements , is believed to have been mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham , Suffolk , when the machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him . His family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at the scene . A man , in his 60s , has died after the ride-on lawnmower he was using to cut the grass at a farmhouse property in Wattisham , Suffolk , overturned into a pond . Pictured : An air ambulance at the scene yesterday . Friends today told of their shock at the incident , which occurred in the quiet village just before 5.15 pm yesterday . Peter Mead , the secretary of Stowmarket Meadlands Recreation Club which Mr Clements had been chairman of for around 30 years , said they grew up together . The 70-year-old from Cotton , Suffolk , said : ` I heard about it last night it was a complete shock . I have been told that he was riding a lawnmower and it went into the pond . I do n't know much more about how it happened . ` But knowing the sort of person Richard was I am not surprised . He was a very hands on guy and would do that kind of work . ` We used to play football together and we used to work together at Imperial Chemical Industries -LRB- ICI -RRB- . I worked in the sales office he was a chemist and then a waste environmental manager before he retired about three of four years ago . ` He was just a really nice bloke . The club used to be part of ICI but we wanted to make it independent and Richard was heavily involved on that . ` He did so much for the club , he 's really going to be missed . He 's left us in a bit of a pickle really . ' Liam Cracknell , 47 , a lorry driver , who lives on the same street as Mr Clements , said : ` I heard about it this morning , it 's really sad . ` I think the whole village will be shocked about it . ` I heard he drowned after the piece of machinery fell on top of him . ` Obviously it 's very , very sad you do n't wish that on anybody , but this is n't the first time we have had something like this happen . ` A couple of years ago we had a mam die in a pond and we had a young girl die in a bath after she had an epileptic fit . ` That 's three drownings in one village which is the really strange . Obviously they are not connected but it 's a very strange coincidence . ' The incident occurred at about 5.15 pm yesterday in the rural Suffolk village of Wattisham -LRB- above -RRB- . Police said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the death and a file is being prepared for the coroner . Another neighbour , who did n't want to be named , added : ` I was here at the time and I saw all the ambulance and fire engines . ` It 's a real shock to hear what actually happened . I knew him to say hello to he seemed like a really nice bloke . He was very well known round here and really liked . It 's such a shame . ' East of England Ambulance Service said Mr Clements suffered a heart attack and , despite the best efforts of emergency services , died at the scene . Suffolk Police was unable to confirm whether he lived at the rural farmhouse but said he was n't a contracted worker brought in to maintain the land . The force said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding his death and said a file was being prepared for the coroner . A spokesman said : ` Police were called to address in Bildeston Road at Wattisham around 5.15 pm yesterday to reports that a ride-on lawnmower was upside down in a pond in a private garden . ` A man , believed to be in his 60s , who had been driving the lawnmower was pulled from the vehicle and attempts were made to resuscitate him , however he was pronounced deceased at the scene . ' An air ambulance and hazardous response team were sent to the incident . The tragic incident comes just two years after a man died in similar circumstances in the rural village . Michael Bradwel , 52 , was working to restore a farmhouse in the village in May 2013 and died after being found unconscious in a pond within the grounds of a property .