One in every six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change , scientists claim . The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America , Australia , and New Zealand . While another group of researchers have added to the forecast with a separate study , which warns that marine animals near North America , Antarctica and New Zealand are most likely to die out . Scientists warn that one in every six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change and those in South America , Australia , and New Zealand are most at risk . A stock image of an endangered flightless kākāpō parrot , native to New Zealand , is shown . Scientists from the University of Connecticut warned that one in six animals are at risk of extinction , particularly in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem . Dr Mark Urban studied data from 131 biodiversity studies to come to his bleak conclusions , which are published in the journal , Science . He proposes that the rate of extinction will speed up in line with rising temperatures . If future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels , the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2 per cent . Researchers from the University of Connecticut warned animals in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem are most at risk . Antarctica , which is home to many species of penguins -LRB- stock image -RRB- is one of these places . But if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase , that could increase to 16 per cent , he said . ` If the world does not come together and control greenhouse gas emissions and we allow the Earth to warm considerably we will face a potential loss of one in six species , ' Dr Urban told the BBC . ` Many species will be able to shift their ranges and keep up with climate change whereas others will not either because their habitat has disappeared or because they ca n't reach their habitat anymore . ' If future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels , the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2 % . But if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase , that could increase to 16 % , the study warns , which could be bad news for endangered jaguars . In a separate study from the University of Berkeley in California , scientists examined extinction rates in fossils over 23 million years . They found that the tropics and Antarctica are most at risk and animals such as whales and dolphins are especially vulnerable . Another study published at the same time has compounded the warning . Scientists at the University of California , Berkeley and other institutions examined fossils to determine which marine life is most at risk of dying out , based on previous rates of extinction . A study by the University of Connecticut has found that global warming is accelerating the world 's extinctions . One in six species could face extinction due to the effects of climate change if carbon emissions continue at current rates , it warns . Dr Mark Urban from the university came to the conclusion by correlating information from 131 biodiversity studies . If future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels , the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2 % . But if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase , that could increase to 16 % , he said . Animals in small geographic ranges are most at risk - with whales , dolphins and seals proving particularly vulnerable in the past , the study , which is also published in Science , says . The researchers used patterns from the fossil record to assess the natural extinction risk of animals living in the oceans today . Comparing these patterns with areas where human activities , such as fishing , impact the oceans revealed areas that may be particularly sensitive . These areas included regions of the tropics such as the Indo-Pacific and the Caribbean , as well as regions such as Antarctica that harbour many unique species . ` The implications of these patterns for the future of coastal marine ecosystems will depend on how natural risk and current threats interact , ' said co-author Dr Paul Harnik , an assistant professor of geosciences at Franklin and Marshall College in Lancaster , Pennsylvania . ` By understanding these patterns in the past , we hope to provide a framework for understanding global change . ' The detailed study examined 2,397 fossil types over the past 23 million years . They found that worldwide patterns of extinction remained remarkably similar over the whole period , with the same groups of animals showing similar rates of extinction . The researchers used patterns from the fossil record to assess the natural extinction risk of animals living in the oceans today . On the left in this image are fossil examples used , and on the right are living examples , with whales and sharks shown top and bottom respectively . The detailed study examined 2,397 fossil genera over the past 23 million years across a variety of animal groups . The team then compared the ` natural ' risk of extinction , based on historic evidence , with current threats from humans and climate change . By combining this ` natural ' extinction risk with threats from humans and climate change , they created a global map of future hotspots of extinction . ` Our goal was to diagnose which species are vulnerable in the modern world , using the past as a guide , ' said lead author Dr Seth Finnegan , an assistant professor of integrative biology at UC Berkeley . ` We believe the past can inform the way we plan our conservation efforts . ` However , there is a lot more work that needs to be done to understand the causes underlying these patterns and their policy implications . ' England will experience a significant increase in the number of record-breaking warm years due to geenhouse gas emissions , scientists have claimed . A study of the Central England Temperature -LRB- CET -RRB- record , which dates back to 1659 , found exceptionally warm years have become 13 times more likely as a result . Shown are the top here are echinoids -LRB- sea urchins -RRB- , and at the bottom are clams . Clams and mussels - so-called bivalves - had about one-tenth the extinction risk of mammals .