West Ham 's season tickets will cost as little as £ 289 when they move to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford . The Hammers will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the Barclays Premier League in a bid to fill the 54,000 capacity stadium when they make the switch for the 2016-17 season . Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan are using the boost of the enhanced television revenue , which coincides with their move away from Upton Park , to pass on savings to fans . The new TV deal starts in 2016 after Sky and BT agreed to pay more than £ 5billion for domestic rights and there will be another auction over the summer with overseas broadcasters . A view of the Olympic Stadium on Tuesday ahead of West Ham 's switch to the 54,000 capacity arena . West Ham 's vice-chairman Karren Brady visited the club 's future home in Stratford on Tuesday . West Ham 's season tickets will cost as little as £ 289 when the club move to the Olympic Stadium next year . An artist 's impression of what the Olympic Stadium will look like during a West Ham match . Co-chairmen David Gold -LRB- right -RRB- and David Sullivan -LRB- left -RRB- will use enhanced TV revenue to pass savings to fans . According to a document that will be issued to West Ham fans on Wednesday , every season-ticket band will be reduced when the club move . The lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost £ 289 , the price for under 16s will be cut to just £ 99 , and a family of four will be able to watch all 19 home games in the top flight for £ 776 . Disabled season-ticket holders will also see a huge reduction , with prices dropping by up to £ 205 . The news comes just one day after Sportsmail revealed massive price hikes at Manchester City . Supporters in City 's East Stand have been been told they will have to fork out £ 1,750 to watch their team , almost double the £ 885 they currently pay . West Ham 's vice-chairman Karren Brady said : ` We have always said that the move to our magnificent new stadium would be a game changer for West Ham ; a chance to increase revenue , invest in the team and improve our performances on the pitch , but crucially without putting an extra financial burden on the supporters who already come to watch every home match . ` Today 's announcement proves that we have kept our promise . ' Football Supporters Federation backed the club 's drive and Chair Malcolm Clarke said : ` The FSF strongly believes that top-flight clubs should use their newly-signed media deal to cut ticket prices for both home and away supporters . ` We hope that other clubs follow suit and reduce ticket prices across the board , as West Ham United have done . ' The club also announced a new VIP area in homage of the club 's most famous sons . With 2016 marking 50 years since since Bobby Moore , Sir Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters lifted the World Cup for England , the ' 1966 seats ' will offer fans impressive views from the halfway line . In addition , West Ham will donate a seat each to the families of Moore , Hurst and Peters for them to use for a charity of their choice . The Hammers will be under pressure to fill their new stadium after taking the huge decision to leave Upton Park , where they have played since 1904 . Gold and Sullivan have taken a 99-year lease on the Olympic Stadium . The club also have a decision to make over manager Sam Allardyce 's future -- but insist they will not make a final call until after the end of the season . West Ham trio Diafra Sakho , Winston Reid and Mark noble smile for the camera at the Olympic Stadium . West Ham insist they will not make a final decision on the future of Sam Allardyce until the end of the season . West Ham vice-chairman Karren Brady hit out at suggestions that Jurgen Klopp is set to replace Allardyce . Allardyce won promotion with West Ham two seasons ago and took them to a mid-table finish in their first year back in the Premier League . His contract expires at the end of the season and they have yet to open talks over a new deal . Real Sociedad boss David Moyes , Besiktas manager Slaven Bilic , a former West Ham player , and Borussia Dortmund 's Jurgen Klopp have been linked with the job . But on Tuesday vice-chairman Brady hit out at suggestions that Klopp -- who will leave Dortmund this summer -- is set to replace Allardyce . ` It is just nonsense , ' Brady told Sky Sports News . ` Sam is the manager , we have talked to him about sitting down at the end of the season , which we will do . We have to see what he wants to do . That 's how these things work . We 've done that since he joined and we 've done that when his contract has run out before . ' -LRB- lowest adult season-ticket price on website , excluding family zone -RRB- . * current price ; next season not available .