US Drug Enforcement Administration -LRB- DEA -RRB- agents in Colombia were taking part in alleged ` sex parties ' with prostitutes funded by drug cartels years earlier than previously known , U.S. lawmakers said on Tuesday . Several DEA agents were taking part in these parties in Bogota as early as 2001 , said a summary of a DEA report released by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform at a hearing on the misconduct . ` This new internal report describes not one or two isolated incidents , but literally dozens of parties with prostitutes , ' Democratic Representative Elijah Cummings said at the hearing , where lawmakers grilled DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart . Scroll down for videos . Several DEA agents were participating in alleged sex parties in Colombia starting in 2001 according to a new report . This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments . The hearing came on the heels of a separate , March 26 report by the Justice Department 's Office of the Inspector General that described similar allegations between 2005 and 2008 . That report said 10 agents - an assistant regional director and nine special agents - had alleged sex parties on government-leased property and used taxpayer money to pay for the prostitutes . After investigation , seven of the agents admitted attending the parties and were suspended for between two and 10 days . One special agent was cleared of all wrongdoing , the report said . None of the agents was named in the report . The inspector general said it investigated allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct between October 2008 and September 2012 , though they declined to confirm where the alleged ` sex parties ' took place . The DEA declined to comment . That report cited ` repeated allegations of DEA Special Agents ... patronizing prostitutes and frequenting a brothel while in an overseas posting . ' It came in the wake of a prostitution scandal involving Secret Service agents in Cartagena , Colombia , in 2012 that damaged the agency 's straitlaced reputation . Where there was alleged high-risk sexual misdeeds , security agency personnel often were not told ` until long after they occurred or were never informed , even though such behavior presents significant security risks , ' the report said . The inspector general found a wide range of sex-related offenses in the case files of the FBI , DEA , ATF and US Marshals Service , including sex with prostitutes and sexual assault of minors in a report two weeks ago . House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz called the allegations regarding the DEA agents ` stunning ' and urged action . Inspectors also criticized the FBI and DEA for initially refusing to provide unredacted information requested , and then providing information that was `` still incomplete . '' Department of Justice spokesman Patrick Rodenbush said the department is already working with the agencies ` to ensure a zero tolerance policy on sexual harassment and misconduct is enforced and that incidents are properly reported . '