Arsene Wenger has branded the emerging trend of post-season tours as a ` nightmare ' after revealing Arsenal opted against an extended pre-season trip . Tottenham have confirmed they will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the Premier League season , while Chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes . Overseas tours are an important component of clubs PR strategies as they look to maximise their earning potential away from England . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has slammed post season tours as a nightmare . Calum Chambers battles with Radamel Falcao during the Emirates Cup pre-season tournament . But they can also cause headaches for managers who feel such tours - particularly pre-season trips - hamper preparations . Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the US this summer . Likewise , Arsenal were exploring the idea of playing additional matches in either India or Malaysia after their initial trip to Singapore - but have decided against it , a decision Wenger is happy with . ` I 'm pleased with that because pre-season is always difficult if you can not prepare well , ' said the Arsenal manager . Chelsea are one of several Premier League sides who will be travelling overseas after the season . North London rivals Tottenham will be heading to Australia and Malaysia after the season is done . ` Lets not forget they voted to start early in August next season , which is a bit of nightmare when you think you start on August 8 . ` Some players play until June 21 in the Copa America , some in the European Under-21 Championship play until June 14 . ` After a season where we have no winter break , I do n't see where you go from there to give players a proper rest . It 's impossible . ` It is difficult because of the commercial aspect but you want to find a compromise . ' Louis van Gaal has successfully lobbied for Manchester United 's US tour to be cut short . On the prospect of the Gunners organising a future post-season tour , Wenger , who 's side face Burnley on Saturday , added : ` Post season tours are a nightmare - I will never do it . ` In pre-season you have the players under pressure with the focus of starting the season well . ` A post-season tour , I always feel people come along to watch but the players are half on their holidays . ` It is a relaxed atmosphere with none of the intensity of a pre-season game . ` Maybe it is a holiday tour and good to have a relaxed atmosphere together . But from a purely football point of view , there is not much meaning -- let 's be honest . '