Hillary Clinton ended her whirlwind New Hampshire campaign swing on Tuesday afternoon in another state entirely , taking taxpayers for an 80 miles-per-hour ride all the way to Boston -- to catch a flight with first class seats . Her Secret Service-provided ` Scooby ' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport , escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts . She arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. US Airways shuttle to Washington , D.C. On the way , her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester , N.H. airport , which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination . The Boston flight , though , used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats . The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . First class : Hillary -LRB- seated at the front , right -RRB- traveled in luxury from Boston to Washington , seated next to chief of staff Huma Abedin , after a high-speed dash to Logan International Airport . Clinton and her entourage flew on a commercial US Airways Shuttle flight on Tuesday , and the Secret Service took care of the cars at curbside . ` Scooby ' is seen next to the Terminal B sign with its side door open . ARRIVAL : Hillary was flanked by her security after she landed at Washington Reagan National Airport near DC , insisting that she had n't booked the first class tickets herself -- but staring ahead wordlessly when asked about the deadly Benghazi terror attack . NEW HAMPSHIRE ? No , it 's Massachusetts : Mrs. Clinton 's motorcade , including her custom conversion van -LRB- center , in the distance -RRB- , arrived just before 4:15 p.m. at Boston Logan International Airport . SLICK : Just a day earlier , Clinton 's motorcade zipped along wet New Hampshire roads at 92 mph so she could make a dinner party on time . Clinton told Daily Mail Online when she reached Washington and was asked why her security detail drove the extra miles at taxpayer expense : ` You know , I do n't make the travel arrangements . I do n't . ' She went silent , however , when asked if she would be ready soon to address public concerns about her performance as secretary of state before and after the 2012 terror attack that claimed four lives in Benghazi , Libya . Asked if she had made mistakes in the legacy-tarnishing episode , Clinton stared straight ahead , continued walking alongside her Secret Service escort , and said nothing . In New Hampshire , she had spent much of her time railing against America 's richest ' 1 per cent , ' but ultimately took the priciest seat to Washington that she could buy without chartering a private plane . During her trip she said of the wealthy : ` The deck is stacked in their favor . My job is to reshuffle the cards . ' According to The New York Times , she spoke to a group of economists earlier this year about ` toppling ' the country 's financial elites if she were elected president . KISS THE RING : Hillary Clinton met Tuesday with Mary Louise Hancock , the grand dame of New Hampshire liberal politics and a woman who wields enormous grassroots organizing power in the Granite State . After a carefully stage-managed morning event at a community college near the state capitol , Clinton held two private meetings , and then bolted to Boston at speeds 25 mph over the limit posted along portions of Interstate 93 . At least the roads were dry . Less than 24 hours earlier , her Secret Service drivers led reporters on a 92-mph race through New Hampshire on a rain-slicked freeway so Mrs. Clinton could arrive at a dinner event by 7:00 p.m. . The Airbus 319 series aircraft took Clinton and her closest aide Huma Abedin back to Washington in comfort . The two women had the very front seats on the flight . A Massachusetts state trooper and a Secret Service agent greeted passengers on the jetway , providing the first hint that there was a VIP on board . Clinton 's choice to fly out of Boston instead of Manchester could anger southern New Hampshire voters who tire of being told they are little more than a Boston exurb . There is no meaningful Massachusetts presidential primary election . SCOOBY ! Clinton 's ubiquitous van left Hancock 's home Tuesday afternoon en route to the New Hampshire Democratic Party headquarters . FAREWELL : Hillary Clinton waves at the end of her final campaign stop in New Hampshire , before hitting the road to Boston at speeds of up to 80mph . LAST STOP : Clinton 's hopeful New Hampshire trip ended not with a nod to everyday Americans , but with a bow to Democratic Party insiders at the NHDP headquarters . Clinton 's first afternoon meeting came at the home of Mary Louise Hancock , the 95-year-old grand dame of New Hampshire Democratic politics . The significance of the get-together is real : Democrats seeking any major office in the Granite State have sought her counsel and kissed her ring for decades . Her second meeting was an hours-long affair at the New Hampshire Democratic Party headquarters , which hosted her while a crowd of reporters and photographers waited in vain for her to answer questions . While still more journalists lay in wait under the shadow of the state Capitol dome , Clinton 's entourage went the other way , southward , boxing out motorists who tried to share their chosen slice of the road . It 's not clear who drove Scooby and its two companion SUVs away from the Boston airport . All three vehicles were still curbside 45 minutes after Clinton arrived . IN CONCORD : Hillary Clinton smiled after a roundtable conversation with students and faculty of New Hampshire Technical Institute , the community college local to Concord , New Hampshire .