There 's nothing better than a succulent steak , sizzling from the hot plate , charred to perfection on the outside , bursting with juices within . People often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that 's bone dry , grey-hued and distinctly unappetising . So what is the best way to cook the perfect steak ? Do you season before or after ? Oil the pan or the meat ? And what are the best cuts ? Scroll down for video . Speak to your butcher when you 're shopping for a perfect steak and pay a little bit extra for the best meat . Allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking , Mr McCarroll advised . According to Jared McCarroll head chef at M Restaurant and Grill , the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping ; when buying steaks purchase the best meat you can afford . He told Femail : ` It 's best to speak to your local butcher and pay a little bit extra and reap the rewards when eating it . ' And while we all stress about the cooking times for steak , he advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal . ` One of the most important steps in cooking the perfect steak that is often forgotten or never thought about , is to allow your meat to come to room temperature first . ` This will shorten the cooking time and help to prevent grey rings from happening , ' Mr McCarroll continued . Your steak should have a fine texture , be well marbled -LRB- veins of fat running through the meat -RRB- and firm to the touch . The shape and thickness of the steak is also important ; the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker . ` The texture will depend on the quality of the beef and the cut ; fillet has the best texture but the least flavour , whereas ribeye has more flavour and more fat , less texture but more flavour , ' the chef said . ` When it comes to the shape of the steak , try and keep it flat and a decent thickness . ` Too thin a steak will be easy to overcook . Also try to keep the shape the same throughout the whole steak as this will help to keep the cooking consistent . A rib-eye -LRB- pictured -RRB- has more fat and more flavour but less texture . Some people like theirs blue while others do n't want to see any pink in their meat . But what are the perfect timings to cook steak the way you like it ? If you are unsure , it 's best to speak to your butcher as they will be able to give you the best advice based on the thickness and cut of meat . The cooking times below are for a 2 cm thick sirloin steak . Blue : 1 minute each side . The steak should be just warm and fell spongy under your fingertips . Meat should still be dark in colour . Rare : 1.5 minutes per side . Dark red with some juice . There will be some resistance when you press the meat but it should still feel soft and bouncy . Medium rare : 2 minutes per side . Pink meat with pink juice . Springy , soft and spongy . Medium : 2.5 mins per side . Your meat will be mostly cooked with only pink in the middle . The steak will feel firm . Well-done : 4 to 5 minutes . There will be hardly any pink and the meat should have a bouncy , firm feel . But which cuts are the best ? Or do they all have their own strengths ? ` The cut depends on individual preference , ' he said . ` The most important thing is to look out for marbling . Marbling is a great way to tell the quality of the meat . The more marbling a piece of steak has means the more moist it will be . Marbling means your steak is full of mono saturated fatty acid , proven to reduce cholesterol levels . It also has a low melting point , thus giving you the melt-in-the-mouth effect . When seasoning , Mr McCarroll advises using coarse salt . ` When seasoning the beef , I would place the beef on the grill and season the top with a coarse salt ; either rock salt or Maldon is good . ` The steak will absorb the salt and when you flip it the excess salt will fall off , which means you can season the other side . Cook your steak on a grill and only flip it over once , he said . ` For me the best way to cook a steak is straight on the grill . Charcoal and wood will give you the most flavour and smokiness but if you have a gas BBQ that will do as well . ` Ideally you should only flip your steak once , ' he continued . And while we 've all been told various cooking times for the perfect steak , Mr McCarroll says there are too many variables to have anything set in stone . ` Cooking times will vary depending on the size of the steak , whether it is room temperature , how hot your grill is . ` There are too many variables to give a specific cooking time , ' he said . The T-Bone -LRB- left -RRB- gets its name from the distinctive T-shaped bone . Filet mignons are prized for their tender meat although they are the least flavourful cuts . T-Bone : This cut gets its name from its distinctive T-shaped bone T-shaped bone . A succulent piece of meat which is both a strip sirloin -LRB- bone in -RRB- and a tender filet mignon . Also known as : Short loin , porterhouse , club steak . Filet mignon : A cut taken from the heart of the beef tenderloin . Known for it 's tenderness and texture but is not the most flavourful cut . Also known as tenderloin , tournedos , cheauteubriand , beef medallion . A New York Strip has good marbling and a strong flavour . Top Sirloin comes from the rump and is tougher . New York Strip : A cut taken from towards the rear-end of the steer from just behind the ribs , this has good marbling and strong beefy flavour . An excellent cut for grilling as it has less fat . Also known as : Strip Lon , Shell Steak , Kansas City Strip , New York Strip Steak . Top Sirloin : Sirloin meat is near the rump so this might take some chewing as its much tougher than meat taken from the loin or ribs . The top sirloin however is taken from the tender centre of the sirloin . Grilling it quickly will bring out its flavours best . New York Strip : A cut taken from towards the rear-end of the steer from just behind the ribs , this has good marbling and strong beefy flavour . An excellent cut for grilling as it has less fat . Also known as : Strip Loin , Shell Steak , Kansas City Strip , New York Strip Steak . The classic rib eye is a well-marbled piece of meat . The porterhouse is a combination of two cuts of steak . Rib eye : A classic cut , rib-eye steaks are usually well-marbled which make them one of the juiciest , melt-in-the-mouth steaks . Fat is what gives this steak its flavour . Also known as : Scotch fillet , Delmonico steak . Porterhouse : A combination of two cuts , the porterhouse is a very large steak comprised of A New York strip on one side and a tender filet on the other . Also known as : T-Bone , Short Loin .