A father falsely accused of abusing his own children and drinking the blood of babies wept today as he described his ` horrific ' ordeal . Actor Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded the leader of a London satanic cult who trafficked of children into the UK to be tortured and killed on video . Scotland Yard investigated the ` baseless ' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner , who attacked them and fed them drugs . Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie , who may have fled abroad , and Mr Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children , who are eight and nine and currently in care . Scroll down for video . Heartbroken : Ricky Dearman sobbed today as he revealed he was falsely branded the leader of a London satanic cult who masterminded the trafficking of children into the UK to be tortured and killed on video . Missing : A specialist police child abuse team is investigating Ella Draper -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and her partner Abraham Christie -LRB- right -RRB- after they forced her two children to lie about sexual abuse and ritual torture . Mr Dearman , who has appeared in films including the Hitman and on the stage , told the BBC 's Victoria Derbyshire TV show : ` They 'd said we were killing babies , I was shipping them in , we would cut the babies ' throats and drain their blood and then would drink the blood . It 's just horrific upon horrific detail . Draper was in the middle of a battle with the children 's father Ricky Dearman -LRB- pictured -RRB- over access arrangements when she accused him . ` Having to go and watch these videos when your own children say these things about you , imagine what the children must have had to do in their own psyche , their own minds , to eventually give up to beatings and stuff to say this stuff . ` I get death threats . Today , yesterday , still . Comments , ` paedo ' , whatever . I understand , I get it . What we have is a 77-page judgement totally clearing me 100 per cent . ' It had been claimed that their father , who had separated from their mother , was the head of a cult which abused and sacrificed babies , slitting their throats and drinking their blood . More than 100 people , including a school head , a teacher , a priest , social workers and police , were said to have been part of the cult which had been ` doing sex ' to the children . Rumours of the cult , said to be operating in north London , were posted online as part of an internet campaign which the judge said was likely to have ` devastating consequences ' for the children . They were subjected to various forms of assault including being punched , pinched and kicked in order to get them to tell the made-up stories . Mrs Justice Pauffley said at a public hearing last month in the High Court 's Family Division that the children , aged eight and nine , had suffered `` incalculable '' harm after their mother and her partner forced them to `` provide concocted accounts of horrific events '' . She said : ` Torture is the most accurate way to describe what was done by Mr Christie in collaboration with Ms Draper . ` Both children were assaulted by Mr Christie by being hit with a metal spoon on multiple occasions over their head and legs , by being pushed into walls , punched , pinched and kicked . ` Water was poured over them as they knelt semi-clothed . ' More than four million people around the world have viewed the online material and police were forced to protect worried parents at the gates of Christchurch Primary School where the ` main action ' was alleged to have happened , the court heard . Tests on Ella Draper 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- children showed they had ingested cannabis in the months before being taken into care . The ` grotesque ' claims against ` blameless ' people included drugged babies being sent from abroad by courier services such as TNT and DHL to London and then sacrificed . The pair claimed cult members drank their victims ' blood and danced around with the babies ' skulls . At least seven schools were named , a swimming pool identified as a meeting place and ` rituals ' were alleged to have been performed at a McDonald 's fast food restaurant . The children 's father , Mr Dearman , whose three-year relationship with Draper ended acrimoniously in 2007 , was falsely said to be the leader of the cult , and teachers , police and even a priest to be among its more than 100 members . The judge said : ` Many of those individuals are now living in fear because they have been identified on the internet as abusers of children and their contact details including telephone numbers , home and email addresses have been published . ` Several of those implicated have received malicious , intimidating phone calls and emails at all hours of the day and night from all over the world . For example -- `` We 're coming for you . You paedo scum '' . '