A celebrated Australian artist has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends , Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan , are expected to be executed in Indonesia . Archibald-winning artist Ben Quilty became a mentor to Bali Nine duo in 2012 and has been a staunch advocate for clemency having witnessed their remarkable rehabilitation first-hand . Quilty has addressed his poignant post to Indonesian President Joko Widodo , who has repeatedly rejected pleas to spare the lives of the nine drug convicts on death row . The artist has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment . Scroll down for video . Australian artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends , Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan , are expected to be executed in Indonesia . Artist and vigil organiser , Ben Quilty speaks during the Ampuni -LRB- Mercy -RRB- Vigils in February . He has long led the Mercy campaigns and has now addressed a message to Indonesian President Joko Widodo . The heartbreaking message Ben Quilty wrote , directed at Joko Widodo , during Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran 's last day on earth . Present Joko Widodo has repeatedly rejected all pleas for clemency for the nine on death row . ` Joko Widodo tonight you will kill two good men , my friends , ' Quilty wrote . ` I want you to know that you may take their freedom and their lives , you may rob their fellow inmates of the support and love that both men have offered and provided for so long , you can turn off Myu 's imagination but you will never kill the memory of them . ' Quilty has pledged to become the ` most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life ' . ` I have promised Myu and Andrew , their parents and their siblings , that I will fight against the death penalty for the rest of my life , ' he wrote . Quilty gives an insight into the two men 's compassionate characters and the strength he imagines they are showing during their last hours of earth . ` I can also assure you that Myu and Andrew will care for the other inmates you will execute tonight , ' he wrote . A portrait on Ben Quilty , painted by his protege and death row prisoner Myuran Sukumaran . Recent paintings done in prison by Australian drug convict and death row prisoner Myuran Sukumaran are carried by relatives at the Nusakambangan port in Cilacap across from the Nusakambangan maximum security prison island on his last day alive . The heart is his last ever painting . ` The six men and one young woman from the Philippines , Ghana , Brazil and Nigeria will have two constant , calming and compassionate voices beside them right until the last second . ' The artist particularly mentions that Sukumaran would be a vital source of comfort for single mother-of-two , Filipino woman Mary Jane Veloso , who was not allowed a translator during her crucial court cases . ` Myuran will continue to translate your executioner 's words into English for Mary Jane Veloso and Andrew will calm and console , ' Quilty wrote , describing the artist and the priest . ` I know that before the sound of your guns the island will hear the comforting whisper of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan . ' Quilty has tirelessly led the Mercy Campaigns and organised vigils to appeal for mercy from the Indonesian Government . He has organised concerts and created videos with well-known Australians pleading for compassion to be shown for the two young men . Australians Andrew Chan -LRB- R -RRB- and Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- R -RRB- wait in a holding cell at a Denpasar court in Bali in this February 14 , 2006 - more than nine years ago . Mother and father of Myuran Sukumaran , Raji and Sam Sukumaran at a press conference at a hotel after saying their last goodbye to their son on Nusanbakaran Island Prison . Helen Chan , the mother of Andrew Chan cries as she arrived from Nusakambangan island at a hotel in Cilicap , Central Java , Indonesia . Quilty has previously described Sukumaran as ` humble and generous and kind ' . ` He is not a terrorist . He is not even dangerous , ' wrote Quilty in March , as Sukumaran and Chan were taken by Special Force soldiers . ` He was a self indulgent kid . But now he is a quiet , dignified young man . He is an artist . ' On Monday , as time continued to slip away , Quilty posted another reflection as he tried to come to terms with the imminent death of his Sukumaran , a masterful artist who became his protégé . Sukumaran completed a fine arts degree this year through correspondence with Curtin University and produced his last artwork on Tuesday afternoon -- a heart , signed by all nine people on death row . ` With his passing my world will take a dark plunge backwards , ' Quilty wrote . Hundreds of supporters of Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran , including Ben Quilty , held a vigil tonight at Martin Place as the pair prepare to face the firing squad . Supporters of Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran held a vigil tonight as the pair prepare to face the firing squad this evening at Indonesia 's Nusakambangan Island . He 's called for the men to be pardoned and organised candle-lit vigils in a bid to sway Indonesian President Joko Widodo 's favour . But with the news on Monday that Indonesia authorities have told the men they had begun the 72-hour notification period , even Quilty 's hope appears to be fading . ` Myu is ok . He is ready for what is to come , ' he posted on Facebook . The artist said his friend , Sukumaran , had brought people together in an outpouring of compassion . ` We will all ensure that compassion continues to flourish , ' he promised . Quilty also hit out at media reports depicting Sukumaran as ` The Enforcer ' and hoped in the future no young man would be victimised by such coverage . An ambulance carrying coffins arrives at Wijaya Pura Port , Cilacap the day of their execution . An ambulance bearing the name of Mary Jane Veloso , a Filipino facing execution , enters Wijayapura port as it heads to the prison island of Nusa Kambangan in Cilacap , preparing for the executions . ` The only thing Myu enforced in me is that compassion is at the core of a healthy society , ' he wrote . Notably , Quilty rose to prominence in the Australian contemporary art scene for his expressive artworks - such as a series of crashed car portraits - that often focused on the destructive character of masculine youth . Now , it appears his one-time pupil and eternal friend will pay the ultimate price for such indiscretions . ` Myu made terrible mistakes , ' Quilty writes . ` So did I , but Myu , his family and his friends will pay a dreadful price for his youthful self-indulgence . ` And so will Myu . ' It comes as Sukumaran and Chan 's heartbroken families pleaded for the Indonesian government to spare their brother 's lives after their final goodbyes on Tuesday afternoon . Veronica Haccou , the lawyer for Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran carries a painting of Myuran inside the port authority office as they arrive from Nusakambangan Island at Wijaya Pura port in Cilacap this week .