There is an old wives ' tale that says the best way to tackle red wine stains on carpets and clothes is to cover them in white wine . And while alcohol is the key to removing a spilled glass , the solution does n't lie in a glass of Pino Grigio . In a video , a scientist has revealed how gin and vodka dilute red wine stains , why vinegar is so good at removing mineral deposits on glass , and how spit tackles stubborn food stains in your kitchen . Scroll down for video . Red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins , which are alcohol soluble . When higher concentrations of clear alcohol , such as gin , vodka or white rum , are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet . These can then be soaked up using a paper towel . The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society -LRB- ACS -RRB- as part of its Reactions series . It covers three household cleaning ` hacks ' for windows , carpets and counter tops . The first reveals an alternative to window cleaner is to add two cups of water and a quarter cup of 70 per cent rubbing alcohol to an empty spray bottle . As the video explained : ` Vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid . ' Gin : Pour gin , or another high-proof clear liquor , onto a red wine stain and soak it up with a cloth . Spit : Your own spit can be used to lift food stains from counter tops or hard surfaces . Bananas : Wipe the inside of the banana skin on the spot of leather that needs to be cleaned . When finished , rub with a damp cloth . Cola : Pour into the toilet bowl and leave to sit for an hour to allow the acid to take effect . Clean the inside of the bowl with a toilet brush and flush away . Vinegar also works . Tomato ketchup : Good for cleaning brass , copper and silver elements . Rub onto the area that needs cleaning , leave to work and wipe with a moist cloth . Mayonnaise : Ideal for removing marks on wood . Use a cloth with a small amount of mayonnaise and wipe the mark that needs to be removed . Leave the oils to work and wipe away any residue with a clean cloth . Brazil nuts : Also effective on wood surfaces . Cut a nut in half and rub vigorously over any scratches . Potatoes : Cut the potato in half and dip the side without peel into baking soda . When covered , firmly rub the potato on rusted areas . Grapefruit : Remove limescale by cutting the grapefruit in half and sprinkling one half with salt . Scrub the area and rinse with water . Coffee : Place dry ground coffee into an old margarine tub with holes in the lid . Place in the fridge and leave to eliminate odour . Acetic acid sits at a 2.4 on the pH scale making it very acidic . Because of this acidity , vinegar ` eats away ' at mineral deposits on windows including moisture and dust , while the rubbing alcohol absorbs greasy dirt like fingerprints . Onto red wine stains in fabrics , the video said the key is to ` act fast and grab a bottle of the nearest high proof clear liquor ' . This can be vodka , gin or white rum , but the important part is that whichever drink is chosen it must be higher proof than the wine that has been spilled . Keep applying it to the stain while soaking the liquid up with a rag or paper towel until it 's all gone . Red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins , which are alcohol soluble . When higher concentrations of alcohol are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet . As more alcohol is poured onto to the stain , the red colour dilutes completely and can be soaked up . ACS advise pouring plain water onto the carpet once the alcohol has been soaked up to remove the smell . Elsewhere , if there is a hard food stain on a countertop or hard floor , ACS suggest using spit to remove it . Inside saliva is an enzyme called amylase and it 's used as one of the first steps of digestion . Amylase speeds up the process of breaking down starches , for example . ` You may have noticed when you eat certain starchy foods like potatoes or crackers that they have a slightly sweet taste when you chew them , ' said ACS . ` That 's the amylase in action and the same principle can be used to break down food spills . ' A cleaning expert from Hassle.com recently revealed the science behind why certain foods are so useful for tackling rust , removing stains and tightening cracks in wood , too . The American Chemical Society -LRB- ACS -RRB- has produced a video as part of its Reactions series that covers three household cleaning ` hacks ' . These include how to get streak-free windows , remove red wine stains from carpets -LRB- pictured -RRB- and clean stubborn food stains from counter tops and hard surfaces . Alex Depledge , Hassle.com 's chief executive told MailOnline that tomato ketchup is good for cleaning brass , copper and silver elements . ` Tarnishing mainly occurs due to sulphur compounds in the air , ' she said . ` When the ketchup is applied to the metal , the natural acid in the tomatoes reacts with the oxidising of the tarnished silver , brass or copper . ' ` Potatoes and baking soda are effective at tackling rust because the oxalic acid in the potato mixes with the baking soda to help to dissolve the rust . ' An alternative to window cleaner is to take an empty bottle and add two cups of water and a quarter cup of 70 % rubbing alcohol . As the video explained : ` Vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid . ' Acetic acid sits at a 2.4 on the pH scale making it very acidic ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Because of this acidity , vinegar ` eats away ' at mineral deposits on windows including moisture and dust , while rubbing alcohol -LRB- pictured -RRB- absorbs greasy dirt like fingerprints , said the chemist . Even the weakest levels of acid can dissolve and loosen the hydrated iron oxides found in rust . This also means vinegar is a good rust remover . These foods can also replace the rust with a thin film of smooth hard oxide on the surface of the iron , to help it resist further hydrated oxidation . Phosphoric acid in cola drinks , and citric acid in lemon juice also work . ` Banana skins are often used to buff leather , followed by a damp cloth , and this is effective because the potassium in bananas is absorbed and slowly works to plump up the scratches , ' Mrs Depledge said . To remove hard food stains on a countertop or hard floor , ACS suggests using spit to remove it . Inside saliva is an enzyme called amylase and it 's used as one of the first steps of digestion -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Amylase speeds up the process of breaking down starches , for example . ` You may have noticed when you eat certain starchy foods like potatoes that they have a slightly sweet taste when you chew them , ' said ACS . ` That 's the amylase in action and the same principle can be used to break down food spills ' Potassium is often found in shoe polishes too , for the same reason . ` Ideal for removing marks on wood , mayonnaise contains oils and proteins that gently diminish scratches and marks on wood . ` They also react and cause the wood to swell , which tightens cracks in surface . ` The oils in Brazil nuts are also effective and act like a natural die to darken and hide scratches . ' Elsewhere , Mrs Depledge added : ` To keep a fridge smelling fresh , experts claim putting dry ground coffee into an old margarine tub with holes in the lid will eliminate odours . A cleaning experts has also revealed which food items can be used to clean a home . For example , potatoes remove rust because the oxalic acid reacts with baking soda to dissolve the hydrated iron oxides . Banana skins -LRB- stock image pictured -RRB- are often used to buff leather , followed by a damp cloth , and this is effective because the potassium in bananas is absorbed and slowly works to plump up the scratches . Potassium is often found in shoe polishes too , for the same reason . ` Smelly substances floating around in the air attach themselves to the surface of coffee beans via a process known as ` adsorption ' . ` Invisible to the naked eye the many tiny pores in a coffee bean create a large surface area , per unit mass . ` This gives , in chemical terms , plenty of area for the smell to adhere itself to and causes it to be cancelled out . ' As a subsititute to limescale remover , Mrs Depledge recommends cutting a grapefruit in half and sprinkling one half with salt . The salt acts like an exfoliator to remove the surface limescale , while the citric acid in grapefruit acts as the cleaning agent and breaks down the scale at a more molecular level . And cola drinks are an effective toilet cleaner because they contains carbonic , citric , and phosphoric acids . Many of these acids are found in household cleaning products already , and when mixed together , the reaction causes the stains to be lifted and removed . Ideal for removing marks on wood , mayonnaise -LRB- left -RRB- contains oils and proteins that gently diminish scratches and marks . They also react and cause the wood to swell , which tightens cracks in surface . Tomato ketchup -LRB- right -RRB- cleans brass and copper because its natural acid reacts with the oxidising of the metal . To keep a fridge smelling fresh , the expert claims putting dry ground coffee into an old margarine tub with holes in the lid will eliminate odours . Smelly substances in the air attach themselves to the surface of coffee beans via a process known as ` adsorption '