Green party leader Natalie Bennett has been forced to distance herself from a bizarre online site run by her boyfriend . Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend ` rape fantasies ' , describe paedophiles as ` complex human beings ' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register . The couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her , but now the Green party stresses they do not ` want to be associated ' with his internet rants . Scroll down for video . Green party leader Natalie Bennett has distanced herself from the bizarre blog posts of her boyfriend Jim Jepps , insisting he is a ` private individual not involved in party politics ' Ms Bennett 's profile has soared in recent months , buoyed by rising poll ratings and Green party membership in England passing 60,000 for the first time . However , little is known about her private life , in contrast to the spouses of David Cameron , Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg who have been frequently seen on the campaign trail . Ms Bennett has been dating Mr Jepps for five years , after meeting online . He continued blogging on the Daily Maybe site until 2011 . He quit the Socialist Workers Party in around 2003 and later joined the Greens . Bizarrely , he left the party in 2012 , the year Ms Bennett replaced the more high-profile Caroline Lucas as Green leader . On his website , Mr Jepps appears to have deliberately courted controversy with a series of controversial blog posts , often related to sex , rape or paedophiles . In one post , seen by MailOnline , he joked that gay sex is not a sin ` unless you do it really well or claim it on expenses ' . In 2007 , he tackled a news story about demands for music books written by a paedophile to be withdrawn , because the recorder lessons were used to groom victims . Mr Jepps wrote : ` We can burn these books as a public statement against the author -LRB- who is in jail for his crimes -RRB- or try to understand that whatever monstrous acts individuals commit they are still complex human beings for all that . ` Good , evil , interesting and banal by turns - not devils who can taint everything they touch with evil . ' He also dismissed a case in which a blogger was charged with obscenity for writing an article imagining the kidnap and murder of the pop group Girls Aloud . ` Either I 'm hopelessly jaded or getting depraved and corrupted is a lot duller than I remember ... Personally I did n't find it that shocking . ' Mr Jepps quit the Green party in 2012 , the same year Ms Bennett became leader after replacing Caroline Lucas -LRB- left -RRB- . According to the Sunday Mirror another posting included : ` New Poll : Sex with pupils - good idea/bad idea ? Personally I 'm ambivalent and would appreciate any guidance . ` It seems to me the sex offenders register is a sledgehammer to crack a nut sometimes . When you have a teacher who kissed a 17-year-old placed on the same register as Gary Glitter it does make you wonder how useful the list is , no matter how creepy that teacher might be . ' Another post entitled ` Even monsters have feelings ' is said to have covered the case of Austrian schoolgirl Natascha Kampusch , who was kidnapped aged 10 by Wolfgang Přiklopil and held in a cellar for . Mr Jepps wrote : ` These are two people who had a long term and human relationship . ' Ms Bennett and Mr Jepp reportedly share a flat she bought for £ 249,950 in 2007 in North London . Last night the Green Party distanced itself from Mr Jepp 's remarks . A spokesman said : ` The Daily Maybe was a personal blog written by Mr Jepps until 2011 . ` The party does not endorse the views expressed and would not want to be associated with them . Jim Jepps has not been a member of the party since 2012 . ' Ms Bennett said : ` Jim is a private individual not involved in party politics . I will not be commenting on words he 's said or written . '