Kell Brook has finally landed the Battle of Britain he craved , but will take on Frankie Gavin rather than bitter rival Amir Khan . Just sixty four days after the first defence of his IBF belt against Jo Jo Dan , Brook will return to action on a packed pay-per-view show on May 30 at the O2 in London . The welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby while Anthony Joshua faces his toughest test to date against Kevin Johnson . Kell Brook poses outside London 's 02 Arena where he will fight Frankie Gavin on May 30 . Brook posing on the train as he headed to London for the announcement of his fight . Brook -LRB- left -RRB- was back in action as he beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield last month . Brook poses with Gavin inside the O2 arena after announcing their world title fight . Brook had been desperate to face Khan at Wembley in June but his compatriot ruled out a fight until at least later in the year . Such was the Sheffield welterweight 's desire not to rest on his laurels however , that he demanded a quick turnaround . ` I never expected to be out again so quickly but I ca n't wait , ' Brook said . ` I respect Frankie for stepping up , he has called for this fight for a long time . I feel like I 'm unbeatable right now and Gavin is n't going to be able to cope with my speed and power on fight night . The O2 is one of the best arenas in the world and it 's an honour to headline a card like this . ' Gavin had been due to face South African Chris van Heerden in Birmingham on May 9 but has jumped at the chance to fight for a world title . Brook will fight Gavin -LRB- pictured -RRB- during an action-packed pay-per-view show in London next month . Gavin -LRB- right -RRB- beat Bogdan Mitic of Serbia on the same night in Sheffield as Brook 's return last month . The 29-year-old switched to Eddie Hearn 's Matchroom outfit earlier this year , making his debut on Brook 's undercard in March . He was previously with Frank Warren who guided him to the British and Commonwealth titles but he came unstuck when suffering his first defeat against European champion Leonard Bundu last August . ` These are the fights you want to be part of and are where I belong , ' Gavin said . ` I 've dreamt of a world title and I will be 100 per cent ready physically and mentally for Kell Brook . ` Of course it 's going to be tough but I believe Kell is beatable and I 've always felt that I have got the skills and the team to cause an upset . '