An elderly couple died of carbon monoxide poisoning after lighting a barbecue in their home to keep warm during a power cut , an inquest heard . Grandparents Patrick and Marianne Charles , 78 and 74 , were without heating during a blackout on a cold November night last year . The couple , who had been married for 53 years , sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne , East Sussex , with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room . An elderly couple died of carbon monoxide poisoning after lighting a barbecue in their home -LRB- pictured -RRB- to keep warm during a power cut , an inquest heard . The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes . They couple laid dead for 16 days before their son , Andrew Charles , raised the alarm on December 11 and police searched the property , Hastings Magistrates ' Court heard . Maintenance work by UK Power Networks caused the power cut , the inquest was told . Mr Charles said his parents often went on holiday abroad and neighbours said the pair ` kept themselves to themselves ' , so it was not unusual for them to go weeks without contact . The son 's statement to the hearing read : ` They loved their holidays , faithful friends and their grandchildren . They were happy and in love after 53 years of marriage . ' East Sussex deputy coroner Christopher Wilkinson recorded a conclusion of accidental death . They couple laid dead at their home on Cedar Close , Eastbourne , for 16 days before their son found them . Carbon monoxide poisoning is often caused by people lighting barbecues inside tents , with campers warned not to use them in enclosed spaces . Official advice from Public Health England on carbon monoxide poisoning states : ` The potentially deadly gas , which you ca n't taste , smell or see , is produced when fossil fuels or wood burn without enough oxygen . ` Several campsite deaths have been linked to carbon monoxide poisoning from barbecues in recent years . The gas can build up quickly to potentially fatal levels in enclosed spaces such as tents or caravans . ' Sheila Merril , public health adviser at the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents , said : ` Carbon monoxide -LRB- CO -RRB- is particularly dangerous because it has no colour , smell or taste . It is therefore easy to inhale without realising it . ` CO poisoning is caused by faulty or badly-serviced gas and other fossil fuel-burning appliances and systems . Barbecues should not be used indoors as this can lead to a build up of CO. . ` To remain safe , families need to ensure that gas and fossil fuel appliances are serviced regularly and know the signs of CO poisoning , which include prolonged flu-like symptoms or coal or wood fires that burn slowly or go out . ' Symptoms can include headaches , drowsiness and nausea , causing some victims to believe they have a minor illness , such as a cold or food poisioning , or are even just sleepy . However long exposure to the toxic fumes can have severe consequences , including unconsciousness and death .