Backlash : Virginia Roberts - pictured here with Prince Andrew - is being sued for defamation . The woman who claimed she slept with Prince Andrew whilst working as a sex slave is facing a legal backlash from two other men she claimed had relations with her , it emerged yesterday . Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz , who said that he wants to have her thrown in jail . Mr Dershowitz said that Miss Roberts would have to give evidence under oath and that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself . Miss Roberts has also been branded ` despicable ' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel who said that he is considering legal action of his own . In a statement Mr Brunel said that he was ` devastated by the unfounded accusations against him ' and wanted to take revenge . Earlier this week Florida Judge Kenneth Marra ordered Miss Roberts ' claims that she was a ` sex slave ' to billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein , a former friend of Andrew , be struck from the record . Amid the other ` lurid ' allegations removed from the record were claims that she slept with the Duke of York , Mr Dershowitz and Mr Brunel . Mr Dershowitz , who used to represent Epstein , said there was ` no way ' Miss Roberts could repeat any of the allegations in court ever again . He said : ` If they try to bring it up in court we 're going to seek contempt proceedings against them . ` The ultimate goal is for -LRB- Miss Roberts -RRB- to go to prison for perjury . ' Mr Dershowitz said that last week he tracked Miss Roberts down and served her with a subpoena that she will have to respond to under oath . He said : ` If she repeats she had sex with me on Epstein 's ranch in New Mexico where I was at for one hour in the presence of five people , she will have committed perjury . ` If she says I had sex with her on Jeffrey Epstein 's island where I was one day with my wife , my daughter , professor Michael Porter , his wife , and four members of his family , she will be committing perjury ' . Defamation : Attorney Alan Dershowitz says he would like to see Ms Roberts in prison after her claims . Mr Brunel has not filed a claim against Miss Roberts yet but said that if she repeats her ` lies ' again she will ` end up in prison for perjury ' . His lawyer said : ` He 'll relentlessly sue those who persist in attributing to him any involvement in this sordid sexual scandal to which he is completely foreign ' . Miss Roberts had attempted to join a lawsuit filed by two other women who seek to get Epstein 's 2008 plea deal overturned as they feel it was too lenient . In her filing she claimed that she was forced to take part in an orgy with the Duke when she was 17 , under the legal age of consent in Florida , and that she slept with him in London , New York and on Epstein 's Caribbean island . Prince Andrew has always strongly denied the allegations against him . Buckingham Palace has confirmed that was informed of Judge Marra 's ruling . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .