When the first iPad launched on 3 April 2010 , opinion was split on how popular the product would turn out to be , and whether the tablet market would grow . Now five years - and 225 million sales - later it might be natural to presume that those who doubted the device have been proved wrong . But amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices , some industry experts have predicted that the iPad 's days are numbered . Scroll down for video . The first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in early 2010 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , but at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular . Five years and 225 million units later , it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now . When Steve Jobs revealed the original iPad in California in early 2010 , it was met with derision by many technology experts , who failed to see how such a product would prove popular . At the time , blogger MG Siegler from TechCrunch said : ` Is it a must-have ? The quick and dirty answer is : for many people , right now , no . ` Unlike the iPhone , which filled an already well-established need , there is no existing need the iPad fills . ' Rhi Morgan at T3 magazine agreed . He said : ` I ca n't see anybody who needs a laptop buying an iPad , and I ca n't see people using it as a smartphone either . ' But opinion soon swung back in Apple 's favour . Within the first 24 hours of Apple 's launch the company sold 300,000 units , and to date , nine incarnations of the iPad have gone on sale , with the Air 2 and Mini 3 being the most recent . 1st generation : 3 April 2010 . 2 * : 11 March 2011 . 3rd generation : 16 March 2012 . 4th generation : 2 November 2012 . Mini 1st generation : 2 November 2012 . Air : 1 November 2013 . Mini 2 : 12 November 2013 . Air 2 : 22 October 2014 . Mini 3 : 22 October 2014 . * Note : The iPad 2 was the only iPad that had a number after its name -LRB- aside from the Air and Mini -RRB- . The iPad was soon heralded as being the perfect mid-way device between a phone and a laptop . Considering , at the time in 2010 , smartphones were still by and large finding their feet , the iPad filled a gap in the market that many thought simply was n't there . The Horn , a technology blog for eCommerce site Gazelle , cited a number of areas that the iPad exceeded in . In education , the iPad found its place as tablets were preferred to textbooks . And , according to The Horn , it ` altered -LRB- and possibly saved -RRB- the publishing industry , forcing magazines and newspapers to create tablet-ready versions for digitally savvy customers . ' While the iPad was by no means the first tablet on the market , it successfully grew the industry to such levels that , today , news readers or presenters are often seen clutching an iPad when talking on the TV , where once they would have used paper . Launches of Apple products are often greeted by swathes of adoring fans - and that was none more obvious than with the launch of the original iPad . Pictured is Robert Scoble picking up the inaugural iPad on 3 April 2010 in Palo Alto , California . How far we 've come : On the left is the original iPad , launched in 2010 , and on the right the iPad Air 2 , launched on 22 October 2014 . The latest variant of the iPad , the iPad Air 2 , is shown here being unveiled by CEO Tim Cook on 16 October 2014 . In total nine different versions of the iPad have made it to market . Queues of people are seen here waiting outside the Apple store in Regent 's Street , London after the release of the iPad 2 on 25 March 2011 . But it seems the tide may be turning for the iPad . According to CNN Money , sales for the iPad dropped 18 per cent in the final quarter of 2014 alone . And this year , it 's predicted that sales will fall by five per cent from last year - admittedly still at 60.1 million units - but the lowest level since 2012 . Industry expert Giulio Montemagno , from SVP International , RetailMeNot , says that while tablets might have revolutionised some markets , it risks being lost in a sea of other products . ` This year alone , shoppers are set to spend £ 6.32 billion -LSB- $ 9.37 billion -RSB- using tablet devices in the UK , up from £ 3.62 billion -LSB- $ 5.36 billion -RSB- 2014 , ' he said . But he added : ` We are seeing a strong shift from tablets to smartphones as the lines blur between smartphones , phablets , and tablets . ' Apple 's iPad has widely been heralded as kickstarting the tablet industry , creating a huge new market between smartphones and laptops - and seeing many copycat devices made in the process . ` There are still flashes of life in the iPad , ' Martyn Landi , Press Association Technology Correspondent , told MailOnline . ` It 's still the fastest selling product in Apple history with more than a quarter of a billion sold in five years - and that 's quite something up against the iPhone and iPod . ` But sales are starting to decline as smartphones are getting bigger and rivals are getting better . ` iPad numbers were always going to fall at some point because they had a huge market share to begin with - 75 per cent after the first year of iPad - and that was always unlikely to be sustainable once the competition got involved . ` It 's being squeezed from both sides by `` phablets '' like Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and even the iPhone 6 Plus , but also on the other side by hybrid laptops like the Surface Pro 3 . ` Times and trends change . Right now , it 's all about larger screen smartphones and full metal bodies . Tablets are not top of the wanted list for consumers right now , but that does n't mean they never will again . ' All is not well for the iPad . The rise of new devices like the Apple Watch -LRB- left -RRB- and larger smartphones like the iPhone 6 Plus -LRB- right -RRB- mean the place for the iPad in today 's market is becoming less obvious . ` To some extent it 's Apple 's own fault , ' said Phil Morris , Deputy Editor for iCreate Magazine . ` With bigger screens on its iPhones , consumers are n't using their iPads like they used to . ` The new MacBook is going to dent the iPad even further - that machine is like a Mac with an iPad engine , a real sofa-surfers ' device . ` Apple wo n't let the iPad die though , so we fully expect an iPad Pro later this year ' On whether Apple might consider discontinuing the iPad , though , he said he ` ca n't ever see that happening . ' He added : ` Sales wo n't fall off that dramatically for the iPad to be discontinued . ' Apple store staff in central Sydney welcome the first shopper waiting in line , Alex Lee -LRB- centre -RRB- of Canada , the moment Apple 's iPad 2 became available for direct purchase in Australia on 25 March 2011 . Hundreds of customers lined up outside Apple stores for the launch - but will we see such numbers again ? With the release of smartphones with larger screens like the iPhone 6 Plus , and other devices like the Apple Watch , the place for the iPad today is becoming less obvious . But , after all , that is what they said five years ago , as well . Will we be celebrating the 10 anniversary of the iPad in 2020 , though , and looking back on another successful five years ? At the moment , it looks pretty unlikely .