Karim Benzema hailed team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo as a ` phenomenon ' after the Portuguese struck five goals in Real Madrid 's 9-1 mauling of Granada . It was the first time in his career that Ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match and saw him become only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for Madrid , a tally achieved in only 287 appearances . On Sunday , Benzema said on his club 's website : ` Cristiano is a phenomenon , he is always looking for goals and ways to help the team . He deserves everything he has achieved . ' Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- centre -RRB- scored five goals during Real Madrid 's 9-1 La Liga victory against Granada . Benzema also scored twice after Gareth Bale had opening the scoring as Madrid 's much-vaunted ` BBC ' strikeforce combined to score eight of their side 's nine goals , with the other coming from a Diego Mainz own goal . The Frenchman added : ` Him -LRB- Ronaldo -RRB- , Bale and me , we 're in good form , like always . We 're helping the team and sometimes we score and other times we do n't , but we 're in good shape to continue like that until the end of the season . ' Ronaldo , meanwhile , was quick to highlight the role his team-mates played in his five-goal haul as he inched closer to becoming the club 's all-time record scorer . Karim Benzema , who scored twice himself , hailed his Madrid team-mate Ronaldo as a ` phenomenon ' Ronaldo performs his trademark celebration as his team-mates watch during the 9-1 rout at the Bernabeu . Raul currently leads the way with 323 goals from 741 appearances while Alfredo di Stefano is second with 308 goals from 396 matches . Ronaldo wrote on Twitter : ` Happy to have scored 5 goals with this excelent team work . Thank you for all your support . ' Madrid 's performance was a timely one , coming after they had lost three of their previous five matches in La Liga and the Champions League - including a 2-1 loss to bitter rivals Barcelona in their last outing . Sunday 's win saw Madrid close the gap to Barca back to one point ahead of the league leaders ' clash at Celta Vigo on Sunday evening , and coach Carlo Ancelotti is looking to the future with optimism . Gareth Bale scored for Wales last week and kept up his scoring form with a goal against Granada . He said : ` Everything went to plan . My team are in good physical shape , the players are fresh and we showed that throughout the match . ` We played with a good tempo and scored bags of goals . We come away from this happy but this is just one game and we have other important ones coming up . ` It 's simple mathematics . It 's better to win nine games 1-0 than one 9-1 . But today we have to point out the good play , the team are back to playing as desired , just like they have played many times before . What mattered most was winning and playing well and we have achieved that . ' On Ronaldo , the Italian added : ` He has improved just as the team have . So , what can I say ... This is the first time he has scored five goals in a game and that is good news for everyone : for him , for the team and in terms of the upcoming fixtures ' . Ronaldo now has 24 La Liga hat-tricks - drawing level with Barcelona star Lionel Messi .