Bumping into Peter Stringfellow in Mothercare in Palma just over a year ago was not such a big surprise , since we both have houses in Majorca where I now live most of the year . However , it was a scene that would have amused anyone who had known us both , or had read about us in gossip columns , in our heyday in the Eighties . There we were , two gentlemen in our 70s ; me , a former newspaper editor and Peter a well-known businessman , with more than our fair share of silver hair . We were both pushing a buggy with a tiny baby inside : me , my son Ben , now four , who was born when I was 73 ; Peter , his daughter Rosabella , who arrived when he was 72 . Our beautiful and much younger wives -LRB- a 40-year gap in his case , 25 in mine -RRB- were there too and it was smiles and congratulations all round . Donald Trelford -LRB- left -RRB- had his son Ben -LRB- back right -RRB- when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy -LRB- held by Donald -RRB- when he was 76-years-old . Since then Claire , 52 , and I have had a second child , Poppy , while it has just been announced that 74-year-old Peter and Bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter . I was 76 when Poppy came along last May , making me , I believe , the oldest living British new father . So what advice could I give to other would-be septuagenarian fathers ? Well , I know from experience that two children are more than twice the work of one . You have two minds and sensitivities to cope with , so to prevent jealousy equal attention is essential . For example , as she is only ten months old , Poppy 's cot is in our bedroom . Much effort is required to stop Ben thinking he is being excluded when he sleeps on his own . Then there 's the feeding , the nappy changing , the crying in the night and the wearying lack of sleep . The sheer physical effort of coping with children at this age can be demanding . So much so that I have to take a brisk daily walk and use an exercise bike and some modest weights to revive my shrinking muscles . After all , toddlers can be heavy and buggies even heavier . Then there is the manhandling of a mountain of luggage whenever we travel : suitcases , car seats , pushchairs , carry-cots and toys . Travelling with children is not easy , anyway , as I once discovered when I was bringing Ben back to Majorca on my own after a family trip to the UK . We were in the two seats nearest the window , with a rather formidable-looking lady , casually flicking through the pages of a style magazine , in the aisle seat . The plane had just taken off and was still climbing -LRB- with the lavatory off-limits -RRB- when I detected a terrible smell . Ben 's nappy had overflowed on to the seat -LRB- note to nappy manufacturers : make them higher at the back -RRB- . I worked away frantically with wet wipes and a plastic bag , worrying about the people sitting nearby . Fortunately , the lady in the aisle seat appeared to be lacking any sense of sight , hearing or smell . Donald -LRB- pictured with Ben and Poppy -RRB- says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding but he takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit . Ben and I managed to edge our way to the loo without making eye contact with other passengers and thankfully things were soon put right . I know EasyJet has hundreds of planes ; even so , if any reader is flying with them , I would avoid seat 4F , just in case . Besides the occasional blip , raising a child , no matter your age , is a huge pleasure . Feeding a baby its bottle is one of the great joys of life for a father and one of the few things one ever does that is unquestionably useful . However , when you are in your 70s , levering yourself out of a deep armchair afterwards and transferring baby to cot without waking it is quite a physical achievement . I think it should be included as an Olympic event for the over-75s . Now I am 77 and I can think of many moments I have shared with my young children which never fail to bring a smile to my face ; mainly because I never dreamt I would be experiencing such moments at this age . There was the afternoon I spent catching popcorn fired from a cannon in a Spanish square while being jostled by screaming infants . One morning , I dodged moving traffic to rescue a balloon for my son before the car wheels crushed it -- or me . During a lively fiesta I paraded one child dressed as an ant and another as a strawberry before bumping into my Spanish bank manager , herself dressed as a plum . Then there is the novelty of exchanging pleasantries in halting Spanish at my son 's school gates with yummy mummies who must be at least 50 years younger than me . Majorca is thankfully a marvellous place for bringing up children , and not only because the Spanish simply idolise them . Claire and I began going there for holidays shortly after we met in 1997 and eventually we decided to make a permanent move . We now live in a beautiful finca , or country estate , on the side of a hill with mountain views all around and the sea only a few miles away . There is a big garden with an orchard , in which Ben and I pick oranges off our trees and he takes them away in his little wheelbarrow and puts them though the juicer himself while standing on a kitchen stool . You could n't do that in Coventry , my birthplace . When Ben started at the Escoleta -LRB- nursery school -RRB- , I used to take him there in a pushchair , then go into the main square for a coffee with the empty chair . On one of these journeys , a friend who understood the Catalan spoken there says she heard an old Majorcan woman say to her neighbour : ` The old man has forgotten the baby again . ' Surprisingly , I have been mistaken for Ben 's grandfather only twice -LRB- at least to my face -RRB- . I have four grown-up children from earlier marriages . Once , during a get-together in a restaurant , some pushy and very nosey British tourists at the next table insisted on knowing more about the puzzling family beside them . I declared proudly : ` This is my son Paul -- he is 44 ; this is my son Ben -- he is two . ' In fact , the gap between my oldest and youngest daughters is even bigger : 49 years . Thankfully , the older children are very happy about the new arrivals and could n't wait to see them . The eldest of my six grandchildren , who is 14 , sent his new-born Uncle Ben a note : ` Hope the birth went well . ' My youngest grandchild is one-month-old . The biggest drawback with a baby at this age is the freedom it steals . The new arrival needs constant attention . Whereas before I could write if I felt like it , or go for a walk , or read a book , or watch some sport on TV , there is now a prior , and sometimes rather insistent , call on my time . Even though you have been through it before , there are always anxieties with tiny babies . Before Poppy was born , we were warned she might not survive due to a medical condition suffered by my wife . When Poppy arrived fit and healthy via a Caesarean , the doctors had to give Claire emergency pain relief for several hours , during which time I was left holding the baby . Talking to her during those first hours was a strangely surreal , precious experience . Before leaving the hospital in Palma we had to complete some forms but the officials flatly refused to believe my date of birth and would n't let us go until I had dug out my passport to prove it . Thankfully , Claire and Poppy both emerged none the worse for their respective ordeals . There had always been a nagging doubt in our minds that , given our ages , there was a risk of abnormality , but both our babies are strong and beautiful . Along with the inevitable anxieties there are many small pleasures of late-life parenthood : the warming smile of recognition in the morning , that look of unconditional love , the noisy ecstasies of splash-time in the bath , the heart-bursting pride as baby takes its first steps . I look at Ben 's face sometimes , his stubborn assertion of his identity , and feel a surge of love that comes from somewhere very deep inside . There is a sadder side to having tiny children at my age , in that I wo n't live to see them as adults , maybe not even in their teens . I also have to face the fact that they may hardly remember me at all in later life . For them , too , there is the inevitable trauma of losing a parent while they are young . But then some children lose their parents anyway ; I have known two fathers who died at 51 , one of them before seeing his child . To say that I should not have had children at my age would have left my wife childless , for she has not been married before nor had any previous children . That is a big call for anyone to make about other people 's lives . A curious family oddity is that my father was born in 1911 and Ben in 2011 ; my mother was born in 1914 and Poppy in 2014 . We called her Poppy before realising how appropriate a name it was for someone born on the centenary of World War I. I have to admit that it can be a strange and unsettling experience being so old a new father , especially when both children look like me -LRB- friends call Ben ` a little Donald ' -RRB- . You ca n't help thinking : ` In my end is my beginning . ' Whatever happens , one can only hope that these late-coming Trelfords will get as much fun out of life as their old man .