A teen club volleyball player and her family are suing after they said her coaches spiked her playing time and her league blocked a transfer to another club . Audrey Dimitrew , 16 , of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors in November believing she would get playing time , but was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team . The sophomore at Woodgrove High School and her family sued the Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association on March 10 after they said she was accepted to another club but was denied the transfer from her league . The lawsuit seeks to let Audrey transfer clubs and asks for attorney fees . Scroll down for video . Audrey Dimitrew , 16 , of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club but was benched first two tournaments of the season and was told her skills were not up to par to compete with her team . She along with her family -LRB- her mother Susan pictured left -RRB- , have filed a lawsuit against the league , Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association , seeking for Audrey to transfer teams . Coaches told Audrey she had the potential to play college volleyball and that she would get ` significant tournament game experience ' as one of two setters on the team , according to court documents . However , things changed after the season began , her attorney Robert J. Cunningham said , and she was told she did not have the skills to compete with the team . She was benched the first two tournaments and the coach told her she would not play much for the rest of the season , according to the Washington Post . Audrey was then told by her coach that she could transfer to another club in the league if she wanted or she could be a practice player for the team . She chose to transfer teams and found another club , NV Premier , who wanted her but the league cried foul and said no to a transfer . After several appeals to the league were denied , the family filed suit . ` It was n't about playing time , it was about playing . She wants to play , ' Audrey 's mother , Susan told CBS . Audrey was offered a spot on another club , NV Premier , but the league said she could not transfer . Her mother said the dispute is not about playing time but about ` playing ' claiming her daughter ` wants to play ' The league 's handbook says players are ordinarily forbidden to transfer teams but can switch if they show a ` verifiable hardship condition exists . ' ` Should CHRVA allow players the ability to move teams when they are unhappy with the amount of playtime they are receiving , we would be overwhelmed with requests to change teams , ' a league official wrote in a January 26 letter to Audrey 's parents . The Dimitrews ' attorney says that this is true in Audrey 's case , but the league disagrees . An attorney for the league , Kenneth G. Stallard , declined to comment on the case Wednesday on behalf of his client , saying they ` will not comment on active litigation matters . ' However the lawsuit turns out , Audrey is likely out of luck for the season as only one tournament remains in the club season , though depending on NV Premier 's season performance it may be eligible for other tournaments . ` I never imagined in my wildest dreams there would be a lawsuit over this , ' she Audrey 's mother , Susan . ` But I think it 's the right thing to do . I do n't think my child is the only one that has experienced something like this . They do n't think they have to answer to anyone . ' The teen 's lawsuit is one of several that have been filed across the country in recent years as more families have turned to the courts to intervene in youth sports disputes . Audrey might miss the opportunity to play this season as there is only one tournament remaining in the club season , but if NV Premier does well she might be eligible for other tournaments -LRB- Audrey pictured above with her family -RRB- . The stakes can include scholarships for players and an advantage in college admissions . Two years ago , a Philadelphia father filed a lawsuit against his son 's high school track coach for $ 40 million after the teen was cut from the team . He claimed that his son 's chances of receiving a college scholarship were badly damaged . In the case of Audrey , a Circuit Court judge denied a preliminary injunction in the case on March 12 , saying the law required him to defer to the decision of the league . Judge John M. Tran called Audrey 's case ` unfortunate , ' and he said he was ` unhappy ' that ` a child is not given an opportunity to play ' , according to a transcript of the proceedings . He did not dismiss the case and said the issue has ` the possibility of recurring in the future . ' The Chantilly Club released a statement to CBS saying they are happy to work with her within the club , and is happy to support her if she is able to move to another club .