Federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members . The agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up . The ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13 , federal health officials said . Outbreak : Federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity -LRB- seen in this file photo -RRB- cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . The CDC 's release said ` One CDC Vessel Sanitation Program environmental health officer and one epidemiologist have boarded the ship in San Diego , CA on April 13 , 2015 to conduct an environmental health assessment and evaluate the outbreak and response activities . ` Specimens have been collected and have been tested by CDC to determine the causative agent for this outbreak is norovirus . ' The CDC said staff on the Infinity stepped up cleaning and disinfection in response to the outbreak . Symptoms of norovirus include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches . According to the CDC , most people recover within three days . The CDC recommends on its website that anyone sick with norovirus stay well hydrated . The Infinity was on a 15-night cruise . The Celebrity website says the ship regularly travels through the Panama Canal and to Alaska . Illness : Symptoms of norovirus -LRB- pictured -RRB- include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches . According to the CDC , most people recover within three days . In a statement sent to Daily Mail Online , Celebrity Cruises , part of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , said only 99 passengers and 1 crew member became sick . ` Those affected by the short-lived illness responded well to over-the-counter medication being administered onboard the ship , ' the company said . ` During the sailing , we took a number of steps to prevent the transmission of the illness , including implementing enhanced cleaning procedures and protocols , and using special cleaning products and disinfectants that are proven to kill norovirus to clean throughout the ship . ` Additionally , when Celebrity Infinity arrived to San Diego , California , today , we began an extensive and thorough sanitizing onboard the ship and within the cruise terminal , to help prevent any illness from affecting the subsequent sailing . ' The statement continued ` Also , all guests will receive a letter at boarding that asks if they have experienced any gastrointestinal symptoms within the last three days . Similarly , if any guest is uncomfortable taking their cruise , for reasons related to personal health or otherwise , our staff assisted them in rescheduling their sailing for another time . ' The Maritime-Executive reported the ship previously experienced gastrointestinal illness outbreaks in 2006 and 2013 .