Time fries when you 're having fun . Dedicated waitress Judy Eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead 's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it 's the only job 's she 's ever had or ever wanted . ` It 's like my home away from home and I just love it here , ' Eddingfield told Fox . Scroll down for video . Dedicated employee : For most of her life Judy Eddingfield has been employed as a server at Winstead 's in Kansas City and says it 's the only job she 's ever had or ever wanted . Is that you ? A staff member at Winstead 's said she believes one of the women in this photograph is Judy when she first started working at the restaurant . Classic establishment : This is a photo of the The Winstead family who own the restaurant showing up for work in 1940 around the time when Judy Eddingfield 's mother started working there . Eddingfield says she remembers when French fries and a classic Coca-Cola cost just 65 cents at the same restaurant she 's worked at for half-a-century . For Eddingfield , slinging burgers with a smile is a family tradition . On April , 6 , 1965 Eddinngfield began working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had already been employed at the establishment for 13 years . Eddingfield said that her first day on the job when she was just 15-years-old she spilled a shake all over a woman 's fur coat and thought for sure that she 'd be fired . ` The tray tipped over and vanilla malt slid down a lady 's fur coat . I was so embarrassed , ' Eddingfield told the Kansas City Star ` Of course , she hollered , ' said Eddingfield . All was forgiven after Winstead 's , open since 1940 , got the coat cleaned . Eddingfield along with many of her siblings continued to provide top notch service . Loves to serve : Judy Eddingfield says that her kind customers are what make her job worthwhile . Lots of love : Winstead 's honored Judy Eddingfield last week for her wonderful 50 years of working at the classic burger restaurant . ` I had two brothers , my sister , my mother , two aunts , two cousins and lots of friends that have worked here , ' said Eddingfield . ` I was three years old when my mother started here , so I 've been eating these burger 60 some years . ' Eddingfield says she even met her first husband outside the restaurant and they married 18 months later . The Kansas City Star reports that one of Eddingfield 's favorite Winstead 's memories was when Jerry Mathers and Tony Dow of the television series ` Leave It to Beaver ' came to eat there in the late 1970 's . She said that Mathers was ` talking with his hands ' and knocked sent his food flying everywhere . Marriage : Judy Eddingfield even met her true love who she calls ` Frog ' at Winstead 's and the pair married 18-months-later . Celebration : Dedicated waitress Judy Eddingfield celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead 's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it 's the only job 's she 's ever had or ever wanted . ` Leave it to Beaver , ' his on-screen brother said jokingly , almost as though it were scripted . On a scarier note , Eddingfield says she once was closing up the restaurant when a man started knocking on the door with a gun . She called 911 and hid in the bathroom until the police arrived . Eddingfield 's employees say that as she gets older Eddingfield gets more delightful and that she is always willing to share her knowledge of the business . ` She trained me to be her . Pleasant as she is , prompt . So that people will come here for you and continue to come , ' said server Sue Allen who has been there for 13 years . Close knit team : Eddingfield , pictured with some of her coworkers , has a passion for serving food . Nothing 's changed ! : Winstead 's when it first opened in 1940 has an almost identical style to the Winstead 's that 's here today . Eddingfield 's biggest tip she ever received was a generous man who treated his entire staff in 2014 and staff agree it was well deserved . Eddigfield turns 66 on May 13 and though she is getting older , she plans to keep on working as long as she is healthy . When asked why she chose to stay at the establishment for so long , she replied that the customers make her job worthwhile . ` The customers really make it special , ' she says . General manager Kathi Fern says that Eddingfield is one of her best employees . ` It 's just amazing the way she treats her customers , ' said Fern . ` I call her my dinosaur . She 's a dying breed and there will never be servers like her again . ' said Fern of her dedicated employee . Classic drive-thru : Winstead 's was established in 1940 and to this day is known for serving quality burgers at their drive-thru .