The wife of Pennsylvania 's lieutenant governor allegedly made an obscene gesture then threw a cup of soda over one of her husband 's political rivals . Tonya Stack , whose husband Mike Stack holds the state 's second-highest office , reportedly dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle in an unseemly row at a fundraiser in honor of a slain Afghanistan veteran . According to Boyle , Stack ` flipped me the bird ' as soon as she spotted him at the event in Philadelphia . ` Soda fight ' : Pennsylvania state representative Kevin Boyle , left , claims that he was covered in soda by Tonya Stack , right , wife of Lieutenant Governor Mike Stack , and a political opponent . When he described the gesture aloud as ` a trashy move ' , he claims she retaliated by hurling the dark , sticky liquid at him , according to a report by Philly.com . He told the site : ` She aimed the soda at me and it landed directly on me , hitting from my chest to my lap ' . He added that at the time he was sitting with the grandmother of Michael Strange , a Navy codebreaker who was killed by RPG fire in 2011 and whom the event was honoring . Boyle said that she came close to getting soaked as well , but that he took the brunt of the blast . He claims that after her shot landed , she was bundled out by a State Trooper who was guarding her . Rivalries : Boyle and Lt Gov Mike Stack -LRB- pictured -RRB- have been at the center of a political row . Boyle and Mike Stack , both Democrats , are at the center of a political struggle over who will take over the seat in Pennsylvania 's state senate which Stack vacated to become Lieutenant Governor in January . Earlier this year , politicsPA.com also reported that the two were also backing different candidates in the race for a Philadelphia district which Boyle 's brother had resigned to become a U.S. congressman . Ultimately , Stack 's ` handpicked ' candidate was chosen to contest the election , but lost to a Republican , Philly.com reported . Commenting on the alleged confrontation , Boyle told the website : ` This was a ridiculous and immature act that should n't have happened and hopefully wo n't be repeated . ` We have to be civil about our differences in politics . ' A spokesman for Mike Stack confirmed that the lieutenant governor 's wife was at the event . However , he did not comment on the soda-throwing part of the allegations , and insisted that she left ` under normal circumstances ' .