Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday but as these photos taken on Saturday show , the ongoing drought is already taking its toll on once Technicolor landscape of lush yards , emerald golf courses and aquamarine swimming pools . The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . State reservoirs have a year 's worth of water , and with record low snowfall over the winter there wo n't be much to replenish them . Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall . Scroll down for video . Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday but as these photos show , the ongoing drought is already taking its toll on once Technicolor landscape of lush yards , emerald golf courses and aquamarine swimming pools . Aerial view overlooking landscaping in Rancho Santa Fe : California . Gov. Jerry Brown has demanded a 25 percent cut in urban water usage and everyone from golf courses and other industrial and recreational facilities , as well as personal , home usage are impacted . The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . State reservoirs have a year 's worth of water , and with record low snowfall over the winter there wo n't be much to replenish them . Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall . On Thursday , retired secretary Brenda Johnson stood in the doorway of her Sacramento home contemplating her lovingly tended lawn and azalea bushes . Johnson did not love the idea of brown as the new green . ` With the money I put into it , I do n't want it to go dry , ' said Johnson , who got a warning letter from the city last year for watering her front yard on the wrong day . ` I do n't want a dead lawn , ' she said . ` But change is hard , and you do adjust . ' In Southern California 's sunbathed city of Long Beach , homeowner Katherine Rusconi stood among the bright red , pink and yellow succulents and desert plants that make up her front yard , basking in the knowledge of being ahead of the game . The city of Long Beach gave her $ 3,000 in rebates for ripping out her own lawn less than two years ago . Some of her neighbors have since followed her lead , making the block a showpiece of water-saving , wildlife-friendly yards . With so much of Southern California a desert climate , ` this should have been in place for some time , ' Rusconi said of the restrictions . Aerial view overlooking landscaping in San Diego , California . Everyone from Campuses , golf courses and other industrial and recreational facilities , as well as personal , home usage are specifically targeted by Gov. Brown 's cut in water usage . Brown 's move to get tough on water use came after his push for voluntary conservation yielded mixed results . Asked by Brown in January 2014 to cut their water consumption by 20 percent , Californians achieved only about half that . Brown 's move to get tough on water use came after his push for voluntary conservation yielded mixed results . Asked by Brown in January 2014 to cut their water consumption by 20 percent , Californians achieved only about half that . Affluent Southern California communities with lots of landscaping on automatic timers were some of the worst offenders , topping 300 gallons of water per person a day compared with 70 gallons for some San Francisco Bay Area communities . State water officials will now draw up the emergency regulations to carry out the governor 's order and hope to have them ready for enactment in May , said George Kostyrko , spokesman for the state Water Resources Control Board . The governor 's order requires the roughly 400 water agencies around the state to cut water use by one-quarter from the 2013 level . The state government is also ramping up a water conservation campaign that will include billboards and radio messages through the end of June . Homeowners will get rebates for replacing lawns with greenery more suited to the semi-arid state and for installing more water-thrifty appliances and plumbing fixtures . The state also will press water agencies to impose higher , graduated rates to discourage water guzzling . Affluent Southern California communities with lots of landscaping on automatic timers were some of the worst offenders , topping 300 gallons of water per person a day compared with 70 gallons for some San Francisco Bay Area communities . State water officials will now draw up the emergency regulations to carry out the governor 's order and hope to have them ready for enactment in May . The governor 's order requires the roughly 400 water agencies around the state to cut water use by one-quarter from the 2013 level . Cemeteries , golf courses and business headquarters must cut back significantly on watering the grass and shrubs . And new homes will not be allowed to use drinking water for irrigation unless they have water-stingy drip systems . Homeowners and water districts that violate the rules will be subject to fines , but many of the enforcement details have yet to be worked out . State water officials stress it 's the lush , green blades of grass they are after . ` When it is all said and done , what we are asking is that they cut back dramatically on their outdoor watering , ' Kostyrko said . Californians should water enough to save their trees , water board head Felicia Marcus said , but should let their lawns go the way of all mortal things . In Sacramento , Goud Chetan has already scalped his front lawn , leaving it bare dirt on Thursday . Chetan said he will lay down gravel and shrubs instead , though not necessarily to be a good citizen during the drought . ` Really it 's about the water bill and saving money , ' Chetan said . The state government is also ramping up a water conservation campaign that will include billboards and radio messages through the end of June . Homeowners will get rebates for replacing lawns with greenery more suited to the semi-arid state and for installing more water-thrifty appliances and plumbing fixtures . Cemeteries , golf courses and business headquarters must cut back significantly on watering the grass and shrubs . And new homes will not be allowed to use drinking water for irrigation unless they have water-stingy drip systems . Some water experts and economists are dubious the crackdown will succeed . Californians will embrace saving water if they feel everyone is doing the same , water experts said . Brown 's cutback order , however , exempts agriculture , which consumes 80 percent of all the water that Californians use . ` In times of scarcity , human nature is to do one 's share if you think others are making similar sacrifices , ' said Jonas Minton , a former senior state water official , now an adviser to the California-based Planning and Conservation League policy group . ` When it appears others are taking more than their share , it can be reduced to every person for themselves . ' But farmers have already done their part , fallowing land and paying more for water , said Shawn Stevenson , a farmer in California 's agricultural heartland , the Central Valley . Stevenson said he had to rip out nearly half his almond , pistachio and citrus trees . ` It 's nice to know that some of our fellow state residents are going to share in the pain , ' he said . ` Why they did n't do it last year , I do n't know . ' Californians should water enough to save their trees , water board head Felicia Marcus said , but should let their lawns go the way of all mortal things . Homeowners and water districts that violate the rules will be subject to fines , but many of the enforcement details have yet to be worked out .