Protests to demand answers in the case of Freddie Gray , the 25-year-old black man who died in Baltimore Police custody last week , descended into chaos on Saturday night . After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations , scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside Camden Yards , where the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox in ten innings . Spectators at the game , with a reported attendance of 36,757 , were told that they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police , who allowed them to exit shortly after 10 pm when the game ended . Outside , protesters threw objects at cars , kicked windshields , smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear . Multiple demonstrators were seen jumping on police cars . A civilian car 's windshield was also shattered as chants of ` shut it down ' were heard during unrest that started around 6.30 pm . Violence continued into the evening , with reports of looting and smashing of shop windows despite Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts 's order for protesters to disperse . Scroll down for videos . After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations against the death of Freddie Gray , 25 , in police custody , protesters began climbing on police cars and smashing them with traffic cones . Violence continued from around 6.45 pm into the evening when Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts issued an order for protesters to disperse . Amid growing anti-police sentiments , some protesters turned on police cars while others threw cans and plastic bottles in the direction of police officer . Demonstrators-turned-vandals kick and smash the front windshield of a car outside of Camden Yards in Baltimore as peaceful protests turned violent . At least two cars were damaged in the incidents , as crowds switched from chanting slogans to destroying property . Protesters began violence early in the evening by throwing barricades at police . The police Twitter account repeatedly stated that it was trying to protect the right to protest for demonstrators , who had gathered around 2,000 people in a peaceful rally earlier in the day . From inside the stadium , fans watched as smaller groups of Freddie Gray protesters split off from the main demonstration , throwing cans , bottles and trash cans at police , storefronts and restaurants . A wireless store and a 7-Eleven convenience store were looted , according to a CBS Baltimore reporter . At least two people have been injured and twelve protesters were arrested , according to police . Three-hundred officers were deployed outside Camden Yards , according to Batts . The Commissioner had threatened mass arrests downtown if demonstrators did not leave . Protesters began to disperse as the evening progressed towards 10 pm , with a line of police in riot gear marching them backwards . A request from police led to thousands of Baltimore Orioles fans being trapped inside the ballpark at Camden Yards as they awaited police clearance to leave . Spectators at the game were allowed to leave after a walk off homerun by the Orioles in the tenth inning . Above , the scoreboard tells fans that they can not leave . A 7-Eleven in Baltimore was looted as protesters spread from downtown Baltimore near Camden Yards into the surrounding area . A wireless phone store in the city was also the victim of looters who took advantage of the temporary chaos . Local news coverage captured footage of an unidentified man throwing a flaming trash can at a line of police despite the efforts of bystanders to stop him . A protester threw a rock -LRB- next to side mirror -RRB- at a police car in downtown Baltimore on Saturday evening . A woman in downtown Baltimore stands near her car , which had its back windshield broken in the chaos . Local news captured live footage of a man throwing a flaming trash can at the police line . A group of roughly 100 protesters broke out a window of a department store with a chair they got at a restaurant across the street at The Gallery , a downtown shopping mall . The same group broke the windows of restaurants including a Subway sandwich shop near Camden Yards , tossing chairs and tables through the glass . Protesters also engaged with a group of Orioles fans at Slider 's Bar and Grille and began fighting with patrons . A woman inside one of the restaurants jumped in front of the protesters and begged them to stop throwing things . At least two bystanders - a man and woman - were bleeding from the head . Other people were struck by flying objects . The protesters blocked traffic on major roadways including Interstate 83 , where service was later restored following the end of the baseball game . At least two people were injured on Saturday night as protests that began peacefully earlier in the day took a turn for the worst in the evening . A woman in front of a restaurant with a shattered window pleaded with vandals to stop destroying property as small groups of violent demonstrators splintered off from the main contingent . Protesters described as a ` small group of agitators ' used chairs to smash shop windows in downtown Baltimore . Protesters and patrons of Slider 's Bar and Grille on Baltimore 's Washington Blvd began to fight in the escalating violence . Patrons had been drinking beer in the outdoor area of the bar near Camden Yards before the scuffles began . The demonstration arrived at a baseball game between the Boston Red Sox and Baltimore Orioles before violence began around 6.30 pm . The University of Maryland , Baltimore , which is north of the stadium , issued a shelter in place warning for students as demonstrations turned violent because of ` civil disturbances ' in the area . It advised students and faculty not to come to campus . Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake posted on her Twitter account : ` Thx 2 those who have worked to press for peace during these protests . Concerned about the violence and those who want to destroy our city . ' During a press conference she said that a ` small group of agitators ' turned the demonstrations violent , according to NBC Baltimore . Fredericka Gray , the twin sister of Freddie Gray who spoke to the public for the first time , urged demonstrators not to be violent and said ` Freddie would not want this ' . ` Can ya 'll please , please stop the violence ? ' she said . The funeral for Freddie Gray , who died April 19 after suffering a fatal spinal injury while in police custody , was announced for Monday . Fredericka Gray , the twin sister of Freddie Gray , said her brother ` would not want this ' and urged demonstrators to remain peaceful . Protesters and police confront each other outside of Camden Yards , where the demonstrations turned violent . Though some protesters shook hands with police -LRB- left -RRB- , others marched up to the line and stared at officers -LRB- right -RRB- . A demonstrator approaches police armed with riot gear and begins yelling during Saturday 's protests . Before the protest turned tense , demonstrators held signs with slogans such as ` Jail Killer Police ! ' and ` Unite Here ! ' They filled two city blocks and marched 2 miles to City Hall , where the crowd overtook the grassy plaza adjacent from the building . Tanya Peacher , a 36-year-old Baltimore resident , said she 'd never attended a protest in the city before , but watching a video of Gray 's arrest motivated her . ` I looked at my son , ' she said , ` and thought `` that is my son . '' Late on Friday , Deputy Commissioner Kevin Davis said Gray should have received medical attention at the spot where he was arrested - before he was put inside a police transport van handcuffed and without a seat belt , a violation of the department 's policy . . Freddie Gray was detained on April 12 after he ran away from police . He asked for an inhaler as he screamed in pain during the arrest and requested medical attention , but was denied . Gray , who was arrested for carrying a switchblade knife , died a week after the incident from a severed spine . Before the protest turned tense , people held signs with slogans such as ` Jail Killer Police ! ' and ` Unite Here ! ' Authorities have not explained how or when Gray 's spine was injured . Video showed him being dragged into a police van and police have said he rode in it for about 30 minutes before paramedics were called . Six officers involved in the case have been suspended with pay pending the results of an investigation that includes an independent review . On Saturday , residents young and old , from Baltimore and beyond , gathered around noon and voiced their anger at how the department and the city 's officials are handling the investigation into Gray 's death . At one point , the crowd paused for a moment of silence in front of Shock Trauma , the hospital where Gray died . The marchers then migrated to Camden Yards . At a downtown intersection , a dozen marchers laid down in the street during an impromptu ` die-in . ' The police department has conceded Gray should have received medical attention when he asked for it . People lay in the streets on Saturday afternoon mimicking the way Gray was held as he cried for help during his arrest . Wearing a sign around his neck that said ` I am Freddie Gray , ' 33-year-old Dante Acree joined thousands of others outside City Hall . Acree said he came out to the protest because ` it could have been one of my kids . ' ` It could have been my brother , my father , ' he said . ` I 'd want the same support . ' Leonard Patterson , 56 , said he drove from Manassas , Virginia , to be a part of the protest . Patterson said he decided to come after thinking about his college-aged daughter . ` I 'm trying to do everything in my limbs , everything in my power , to make this a better world for her , ' said Patterson , holding up his black and white drawing of Freddie Gray . The drawing shows Gray being hoisted from a police van to heaven by two angels . ` I 'm here to do what I can . Police brutality is as old as the 1950s , the 1960s . It 's still here , ' he said . Malik Shabazz , of the Black Lawyers for Justice , leads protesters outside the Western District Police Station . The thousands of protesters at Saturday 's rally were the biggest outpouring of public anger since Gray was arrested on April 12 . Commissioner Anthony Batts , who has refused to step down from his post amid uproar following the death , issued an order for protesters to disperse .