The overbearing and interfering mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as most people 's least favourite family member . And now a new poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of Britons -- who said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws . Of the 2,071 people surveyed , 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member , above in-laws -LRB- 21 per cent -RRB- but below grandparents at 26 per cent . Scroll down for video . A new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of Brits prefer their pets to their in-laws . The research commissioned by Matalan for its Made for Modern Families campaign also found that the ` Brady Bunch ' or ` blended ' household where children had multi-parental figures was also on the rise . More than one in 10 British families now live in ` blended ' families as more people with children divorce , remarry other parents and their households merge . As a result a fifth of all children -- more than the entire population of Birmingham and London combined - have participated in their own parents ' wedding , the poll found . Spending quality time together as a family is still important with 65 per cent saying eating together at a table was one of their favourite family activities and 30 per cent claiming to enjoy playing board games and doing arts and crafts together . Over a third -LRB- 35 per cent -RRB- said that their family 's happiness was their top priority , compared to just 6 per cent who cited money as most important . Mark Earls , a leading behavioural expert and fellow of the Marketing Society , said : ` Contrary to those who have bemoaned the decline of the family as a key pillar of our society , family is alive and well -- it just comes in many more different shapes and sizes than it used to including the `` blended ' or `` Brady Bunch '' family , which consists of one or more adults with their own children and those from previous relationships . The interfering mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as most people 's least favourite family member , as in 2004 film Monster-in-Law starring Jane Fonda and Jennifer Lopez . ` More than one in ten British families have this kind of arrangement . Such a scenario can create a situation in which the age gap between the youngest and eldest child/step-child can be more than a decade , as our survey found . ` Ultimately , what we want for our families is what we 've always wanted for those we love - health and happiness . However much the shape and the structures and the participants shift , it seems these same old truths abide . The family is here to stay . ' While the Beckhams were seen by 20 per cent of people questioned as the best representation of the modern family , 16 per cent thought it was Jamie Oliver 's brood , followed by the Jolie-Pitts at 7 per cent . Next in line from the list were Will Smith 's family -LRB- 4 per cent -RRB- and Elton John and David Furnish -LRB- 3 per cent -RRB- . The research saw data compiled by YouGov reviewed by Mr Earls for Matalan as part of its commitment to understanding today 's modern families . Jason Hargreaves , Managing Director of Matalan , said : ` Family life has changed dramatically since we first opened our doors 30 years ago . The demands on parents and families are greater than ever as time is precious , life is faster and pockets are pinched . ` Family is at the heart of our business and we are committed to being there to help families , whatever their makeup or wherever they 're from , in everything we do . '