For Inverness the latest chapter in their remarkable story featured not one , but two , plot-changing twists . One featured penalty Celtic did n't get for 2-0 in which Josh Meekings handball should have also led to a sending off . The other the spot kick they did , followed by a red card for Craig Gordon . ` I 've not seen it yet , but going by the reaction of the Celtic players we got away with a penalty and a sending off and that was probably the turning point in the game , ' acknowledged Caley manager John Hughes after . Inverness 's Josh Meekings appears to get away with a handball on the line in their win over Celtic . Caley boss John Hughes says the break , which could have meant a penalty and red card , was a turning point . ` I 've not spoken to Josh . I have n't seen it - but going by the media it was definitely a hand ball . We look at the referee behind the line and all that and I know Ronny will feel aggrieved - because I certainly would . ` But it 's part and parcel of football and you need a wee bit of luck to beat Celtic . ` This was their biggest game of the season because they will go on and win the league and if they had beaten us today there was a good chance they would have gone on and won the Scottish Cup . ` But when Marley Watkins was clipped by Craig Gordon and they were down to 10 men that was advantage Inverness . ` We were n't going to give Celtic the ball back , they had to come and get it and we had to be patient . ` When big Edward put us into the lead we thought it was going to be our day on the back of things that had happened . ` Celtic equalised with another free kick but it 's typical of Inverness that we do n't do anything easy . ` We do it the hard way and we came up with the winner through David Raven . ' Hughes hauled Raven , his Scouse defender , from his backside as extra-time beckoned . Offended by the sight of one of his players resting he had a message to impart . Caley players celebrate after upsetting Celtic in a Scottish Cup semi-final 3-2 thriller . Celtic , depleted by games and absentees , were virtually on their knees after a relentless programme of midweek games . In last season 's League Cup Final Inverness had been passive and unambitious prior to losing on penalties . This was no time to repeat the mistake . ` I tried to emphasise to the players they would never have a better time to go on and beat Celtic , down to 10 men in the semi final of a cup . We needed to go for it , ' Hughes said . ` Before Raven scored at the back post I was looking to change it . I was going to bring on another winger , Aaron Doran , and put him in the full-back position over on the right , but more advanced so he could take their left back on . Thankfully I did n't do that and David Raven came up with the goal . Virgil Van Dijk -LRB- centre -RRB- fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute . ` I did n't realise this is the first time the club have been in the final of the Scottish Cup and that 's a remarkable achievement given it was only formed 20 years ago . ` It is a great story is n't it ? It 's an absolutely fantastic story . It is 20 odd years since the amalgamation . We are a small provincial club up there in the Highlands . ` We have lost a real inspirational skipper in Richie Foran right from the start of the season . He has never played . We have had to adjust to that . ` We had to sell Billy McKay , our top goalscorer , at Christmas . We have had to go again and adjust . I am a very humble guy and I am grateful and thankful that injuries have never caught up with us . ' There is remarkable irony in the fact Falkirk will be the opponents for the final . A former Bairns captain , he was manager of the club in 2009 when they lost to Rangers at Hampden . Former Falkirk captain and manager John Hughes will take on his former club in the final . ` I had a lot of great times at Falkirk . So much so that it is possibly my favourite time in my playing career . I am still friendly with an awful lot of the characters who were in that dressing room . Neil Oliver is a good friend of mine from my Falkirk days . He comes along and sits on the bench and gives me a wee hand out . ` That is the spirit that we had at that club . I have met some great guys . Brian Rice , my ex-coach , Davie Weir , Ian McCall , the list is endless . I was just talking the other day about that day at Falkirk . There are times even now when I see . ` I have a real special , special feel for the place . I am not kidded Falkirk is a right good side , trust me on that . No side goes to Tynecastle and beats Hearts without being a good side . No side beats Hibs the way they were playing without being a good side . You might say we are favourites I say it is even stevens and I am just looking forward to when the days comes . ' David Raven -LRB- second right -RRB- celebrates with his Inverness team-mates following his extra-time winner . An Inverness and Falkirk final would not have been the choice of sponsors William Hill , you suspect . Vast swathes of Hampden 's west stand were empty , a 12.15 kick-off for the benefit of broadcasters proving unhelpful . There will be no ticket rows this time . Not over a final unlikely to raise a crowd much higher than 35,000 in a stadium of 52,000 . The contract with Hampden plc is signed , with no question of moving it . If the bitter amalgamation of 21 years ago produced a fine football club it also disenfranchised many of those who followed the old ones . ` I hope this encourages the next generation to follow Inverness , ' added Hughes . ` In the peer groups it is still Celtic and Rangers they follow but I hope the next ones will want to support their local club . ` If we can add another few hundred or thousand to the support then we are playing our part . '