Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers in a move that will see him combine the role with his duties at Yorkshire . The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in November 2011 , and led them to the LV = County Championship title last year . While his coaching position with the White Rose is unaffected , he has signed a two-year deal with the South Australian franchise in a move that had been widely anticipated . Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie has taken up a role with Big Bash team Adelaide Strikers . He will begin his role there in December , when the next edition of the BBL gets under way . Gillespie , who played for South Australia during the entirety of his playing career , said : ` I would like to place on record my gratitude to Yorkshire County Cricket Club for allowing me to coach in the Big Bash League . ` I am looking forward to bringing back some knowledge and experiences to Yorkshire , which will improve our T20 cricket going forward . Jono Dean in action for the Adelaide Strikers during the 2014 edition of the Big Bash . ` I am excited to be taking charge of my hometown team in the Adelaide Strikers . Their initial interest came a few weeks ago and after a few conversations I am pleased that we came to an agreement . ` The opportunity to coach and build on the Strikers ' recent success is a great challenge . ' Gillespie will take up his new post with the full blessing of Yorkshire , who have never won England 's domestic Twenty20 competition . Gillespie played in 71 Tests and 97 one-day internationals for Australia . Chief executive Mark Arthur said : ` I want to make it absolutely clear that Jason -LRB- Gillespie -RRB- is primarily our senior coach and he will join Adelaide Strikers with our blessing for a short period at the end of the year . It will advance his own skill-set , which ultimately will benefit Yorkshire . ` Over the last 10 to 12 years we have underperformed in the T20 competition . This year we have made it a priority . We will be making a concerted effort to be amongst the elite . '