Headmistress : Valerie Rutty stole thousands of pounds raised by her pupils from bake sales and fetes that was supposed to pay for new school kit . A headmistress who stole thousands of pounds raised by her pupils from bake sales and fetes that was supposed to pay for new school kit avoided jail today . Valerie Rutty , of Warrington , Cheshire , altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned - then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account by cheque from the school fund . The 60-year-old stole almost £ 3,500 from the fund raised by parents , teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester . The cash was collected by children aged three to 11 and their families through non-uniform days and other fundraisers . It would help pay for extra-curricular days out and gym equipment . But Rutty wrote nine separate cheques into a bank account she shared with her mother between December 2010 and May last year . She was only caught when Salford City Council received an anonymous letter saying she had been stealing from the school accounts . An audit was then carried out and Rutty was suspended from the school in September last year , subsequently losing her £ 60,000-a-year job . The money was repaid in full last month . At Manchester Crown Court Rutty was handed a four-month prison sentence , suspended for 12 months , and ordered to carry out 70 hours of unpaid work in the community after admitting theft . Theft : The 60-year-old stole almost £ 3,500 from the fund at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester . Juliet Berry , prosecuting , said : ` The account from which she stole money was entitled the `` Irlam Primary School Fund '' . ` This money had been raised by parents and pupils at the school by hosting various events including fetes , non-uniform etc and the purpose of the money was to raise money for school trips , football kits and the like . One teacher revealed how Irlam Primary School is in serious need of more money . In a victim impact statement , a member of staff at the school named only as Mr Hargreaves said : ` The school is in desperate need of funds to improve the quality of provision for children and staff . ` The children worked extremely hard to help with this and we are faced with the fact that the money raised has been taken . ` Members of staff , particularly the deputy headteacher , have been placed under severe personal stress and a great deal of uncertainty and additional work . The feelings of mistrust are perhaps the most damaging effect on the school and staff . ' ` The money was raised by the children and parents themselves . It was n't money from the local authority , so one can understand how parents must feel . ' Marsha Myers , defending , said the case had been a ` chastening experience ' for her client . Rutty had done a ` great deal of benefit ' to the school and it achieved ratings of ` good ' in its last Ofsted report , the court was told . But the judge told Rutty she had ` marred ' her career , having previously been someone parents and children ` would look up to ' . Judge Robert Atherton added : ` You are now 60 and have done a great deal during your life for the benefit of people and you have marred the end of your career over this period of time and that is very sad . ` These families , parents and children would look up to you as Mrs Rutty , the headmistress , who was doing a very fine job in many respects and now their confidence has gone . ` I can understand the parents ' frustration , annoyance and anger that their money , the money they have raised , has been taken in this way . ' Rutty was also ordered to pay costs of £ 500 . Irlam Primary , a 416-pupil community school , was formed in September 1980 , following the amalgamation of an infant and junior school . On its official website , a welcome letter from the school reads : ` All members of the staff team are committed to developing our vision which is to encourage children to be ... responsible citizens who make a positive contribution to society . '