If you ever wanted to go to the Mad Hatter 's Tea Party or follow the white rabbit round a strange world , then you had best head to the south coast of England . Brighton holds the ultimate fantasy for fans of the Lewis Carroll classic , with not one but two Alice in Wonderland themed houses to stay in . The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , Queen of Heart themed bunk beds , or alternatively try the snug Looking Glass Cottage with décor inspired by the fantasy story . Scroll down for video . Perfect tea party ! The large dining room table comes complete with engraved quotes from the book , with them mirrored on the other side and if you are looking at them through a looking glass . Quirky design ! Popular with guests is the French vintage bottle rack , which holds all of the cups . The chairs are shaped like teacups with plush cushions for comfort . The guest of honour can see in the elaborate head seat . Jacqueline Martin , 37 , said she sourced the wallpaper online by getting inspiration from sites like Pinterest . Every inch of The Wonderland House is creatively designed to reflect the fantastical story . The dining room comes ready prepared with teapots , cups and saucers - thankfully without the addition of a dormouse inside . Enjoy a delicious tea party with multiple cake stands , and chairs designed in the shape of teacups . The mum of three said the property is extremely popular with parties and hen dos , and weekends have to be booked far in advance . Choose to spend the night as the sassy Queen of Hearts in themed bunk beds , or in a separate room as heroine Alice . Guests will feel like they have stepped into the pages of the popular book , as no detail in has been overlooked in bringing the story to life . From themed flamingo wallpaper and feather light fittings in one bedroom , to crown wallpaper and elaborate mirrors in the Queen of Hearts bedroom each room takes you through the magical story . The kitchen even has a chequerboard floor , reminiscent of Carroll 's second book where the characters represent chess pieces with Alice starting out as a pawn . Jacqueline Martin designed the incredible house in less than a year , sourcing the materials online from other countries on Ebay and Pinterest , finding trinkets in junk sales , or getting her family to help make bespoke items . She said : ` I have always been mad about the story and it was my favourite Disney film . ' ` I completed the project while I was pregnant , and the whole family helped out . ` My teenage daughter helped by making holes in saucers to make chandeliers , and my husband transformed a teapot and server into a bathroom sink . ' The flamingo room has bespoke fluffy lampshades to denote bird feathers , and themed wallpaper . Purrfect sleep ! Alice 's room features smiling Cheshire Cats and multiple mirrors , in a nod to the second book in Lewis Carroll 's series . The kitchen area has a chequerboard floor , similar to theme of the second novel where the action features around chess moves . Jacqueline said her and her family went round junk yards to collect unique details for the house , and created the house in December 2014 . The plush lounge features playing card wallpaper and a kettle lamp , reminiscent of the Mad Hatter . There is also champagne available labelled of course with the ` Drink Me ' tag . Creatively , in the bathroom guests will find teapots instead of regular taps . The location of this quirky hideaway is perfect , being located right by the seafront in the area of town known as Kemptown . Famous quotes from the book are featured around the house for guests to spot , such as ` Drink Me ' on the champagne , -LRB- left -RRB- . The white rabbit also makes an appearance , -LRB- right -RRB- . The house currently holds a perfect 5/5 score on TripAdvisor with many customers singing its praises . HannahB861 gave it five points and said : ` We had an amazing time here for my hen do-everyone loved the house and we were all continually spotting little details here and there that just added to the specialness of the house . ` A lot of my friends asked if we could just move in and never have to leave ! ' The five-floor seafront house costs from £ 450 per night on Holiday Lettings and more details can be found on the website . Jacqueline 's husband made the incredible teapot and server sink and taps from items found at a junk yard . Each corner of this themed house has been lovingly designed and researched by Jacqueline . For guests requiring a smaller property Looking Glass Cottage could be the perfect themed stay . This property sleeps up to eight people and is spread out over three floors . Also owned and created by Jacqueline , this was the first of the properties to be created three years ago . Following the success of this snug cottage , the mum-of-three branched out to a second larger house in order to create the Mad Hatter 's Tea Party room . Looking Glass Cottage , also in Brighton is a smaller but charming property , which brought Jacqueline 's love of the book to life . The cosy bedrooms feature items like a stack of teacups as a lampshade , flamingo wallpaper , a white rabbit light and vintage mirrors . Looking Glass Cottage costs from £ 253 per night and guests are advised to book in advance as weekend slots get filled very quickly . ` There has been such a great reaction to the house , ' Jacqueline said . ` I get numerous enquiries daily and I am very lucky as there is hardly any damage as people love the house as much as I do . ' Book on Holiday Lettings or find out more on the website . The cosy lounge has a deck of cards for wallpaper , and of course comes with a chequerboard so you can play your own game of chess . One of Jacqueline 's favourite items in the house are the spoon and knife door handles , which were found on Ebay . She admits she has been looking but ca n't find any more !