A heartbroken mother has spoken out about her relentless grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack when a stranger broke into their home . Casey Veal 's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random , whilst the baby slept in his cot in June 2012 . ` It tortures because it 's something that 's always like -- why me ? Why our house ? Why our Zayden ? ' a heartbroken Ms Veal told 60 Minutes . The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks who bashed baby Zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana . Casey Veal 's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random in the middle of the night as the family slept . The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks -LRB- pictured -RRB- who bashed baby Zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana . Heartbroken mother Casey Veal -LRB- pictured -RRB- has spoken out about her relentless grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack when a stranger broke into their home . ` My son was murdered so he could get a hit of ice . That 's it , ' Ms Veal told 60 Minutes . Hicks left the home with nothing more than a wallet and a pair of sunglasses . He unplugged the baby monitor before unleashing the vicious attack on the defenceless baby while Ms Veal and Zayden 's brother Xavier , then aged three , slept . When Ms Veal woke she realised they 'd been robbed . She was then faced with the horror of discovering the brutal attack on her son , leaving him almost beyond recognition . ` When I walked over to the cot , I pulled the blankets back and that 's when I saw his face and there was blood everywhere underneath him , ' she said tearfully . Zayden had been repeatedly bashed before he was stabbed 32 times with a homemade copper baton . The happy baby with a beautiful smile suffered a crushed skull , broken collar bone and a broken rib . He was rushed to hospital but could n't be saved . The drug-fuelled killed unplugged the baby monitor before unleashing the vicious attack on the defenceless baby Zayden -LRB- left -RRB- while Ms Veal and Zayden 's brother Xavier -LRB- right -RRB- , then aged three , slept . The happy baby with a beautiful smile suffered a crushed skull , broken collar bone and a broken rib . The baby was a victim of a random attack yet his mother remains wracked with guilt . ` He was gone so I asked if I could have him , I just wanted to hold him , ' she told 60 Minutes . ` I just sat and I cried . I just said ` I am so sorry . ' ` I 'm so sorry that I failed . My only job as your mum was to look after you and I did n't . ' The new interview coincides with the federal government 's announcement of the introduction of a task force to combat the ` national ice epidemic ' . Assistant Health Minister Fiona Nash says the best way to reduce demand for ice is to educate the community , not just police its use . ` We ca n't arrest our way out of this problem , ' she told ABC TV . The health and education campaign will warn Australians about the dangers of the drug . Its key message would be that a momentary high would lead to a lifetime of pain and suffering , Mr Abbott said . He declared the drug worse than heroin , LSD , cocaine or ecstasy . Justice Kaye said the murderer Hicks had at no point shown remorse . ` Nor was there even the slightest indication by you of any pity or sympathy for the baby ... or for his family ' The baby was a victim of a random attack yet his mother Casey Veal -LRB- pictured -RRB- remains wracked with guilt . ` It 's much more addictive , much more dangerous , much more damaging , ' he told reporters in Sydney . Asked if the campaign would be as confronting as the infamous Grim Reaper AIDs ads of the 1980s , Senator . Nash said : ` We 're going to do what 's most effective . ' The campaign will get underway ` well before ' June 30 , Mr Abbott later added . Ice is known for its intense comedowns and can make a person feel paranoid , hallucinate , aggressive and extremely violent . As for his motivation , Hicks has offered no explanation for why he committed the horrific act . The murder weapon , a homemade baton , was later discovered at Hick 's home with his DNA on one end and Zayden 's on the other . The murder weapon , a homemade baton , was later discovered at Hick 's home with his DNA on one end and Zayden 's on the other . Casey Veal says her now five-year-old son Xavier -LRB- left -RRB- remains deeply affected by the death of his baby brother Zayden -LRB- right -RRB- . Yet after his arrest , Hicks tried to blame the murder on another person and reportedly lied throughout investigations . Harley Hicks has been sentenced to life in prison with 32 years non parole for the brutal murder of baby Zayden Veal-Whitting . ` It is almost unthinkable that any human being could have carried out such a sickening crime that you have committed , ' Supreme Court Justice Stephen Kaye said in sentencing Hicks . ` What you did was totally and utterly evil . ' Justice Kaye said he could not say for sure if Hicks had viciously snuffed out Zayden 's cry in a bid to silence the baby during the robbery . ` If that constituted your motive for killing Zayden , then you murdered an innocent child so that you could escape the premises with the valuable items that you had stolen from it , ' he said . ` On the other hand , if that was not your motive , then your murder of Zayden was simply an act of unmitigated evil committed by you for the sheer sake of it . ' After his arrest , Hicks tried to blame the murder on another person and reportedly lied in investigations . Zayden had been repeatedly bashed before he was stabbed 32 times with a homemade copper baton . Zayden 's mother Casey Veal arriving at the Supreme Court in Bendigo to see her son 's killer sentenced . Justice Kaye said Hicks perpetrated an extraordinarily violent bashing on Zayden involving multiple blows with the baton to the head , face and other parts of his body . ` He was utterly harmless , defenceless and helpless , ' he said . ` Any human being with even a shred of decency and humanity could only feel compassion , tenderness and protectiveness towards an infant in those circumstances . ` By contrast , you inflicted a brutal bashing , with a lethal instrument , on that baby . ` You crushed his skull , you savagely beat him with at least 30 blows . In court before the sentencing in 2014 , Ms Veal delivered a powerful impact statement , detailing the devastating impact of Zayden 's murder on herself and her family 's life forever . Justice Kaye said Hicks perpetrated an extraordinarily violent bashing on Zayden involving multiple blows with the baton to the head , face and other parts of his body . The judge also described the English language as being ` entirely inadequate ' to describe the horror and grief Zayden 's mother , Casey Veal , and her family went through . Justice Kaye said Hicks , of North Bendigo , had shown no remorse . ` At no stage of the trial could I detect from you any sign of remorse . Nor was there even the slightest indication by you of any pity or sympathy for the baby , whose life you had taken , or for his family , whose lives you have shattered . ` Rather , you seemed totally oblivious and impervious to such human feelings . ' The judge also described the English language as being ` entirely inadequate ' to describe the horror and grief Zayden 's mother , Casey Veal , and her family went through . In court before the sentencing in 2014 , Ms Veal delivered a powerful impact statement , detailing the devastating impact of Zayden 's murder on herself and her family 's life forever . ` Since the crime occurred I have lost my outlook and determination in life I once had . I may stand before you alive and breathing but I 'm but a shadow of my former self . ' ` I am serving a life sentence ... all I have is memories and most of them are tainted by this crime , ' the statement read . Harley Hicks has been sentenced to life in prison with 32 years non parole for the brutal murder of baby Zayden Veal-Whitting -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Hicks left the home with nothing more than a wallet and a pair of sunglasses during his ice-fuelled attack .