The Australian descendants of eight ANZAC veterans have proudly showed off their relatives ' wartime medals and photographs in a moving commemorative photo series . Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren , great-grandchildren , sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago . Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force , while black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams . The soldiers ' medals remain glistening inside their descendants ' homes after a century of being treasured . Jan Gardner -LRB- left -RRB- the granddaughter of Sergeant W.S. Marks , an ANZAC veteran who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli in 1915 , poses on March 24 , 2015 in Sydney alongside his service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia . The wartime letters and a photograph of Sergeant William.S . Marks an ANZAC veteran who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli . Sisters Jan Gardner and Dianne Bowler the granddaughters of Sergeant W.S. Marks an ANZAC veteran who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli in 1915 pose on March 24 , 2015 in Sydney , Australia . The service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia of Sergeant William.S . Marks . Jan Gardner and Dianne Bowler , the granddaughters of Sergeant W.S. Marks , an ANZAC veteran who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli in 1915 , were photographed in Sydney alongside their relative 's service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia . Jill Sommers , the daughter of ANZAC veteran William Frederick Martin of the Australian armed forces and the daughter-in-law of Harry Joseph Sommers , who was a Gallipoli veteran with the New Zealand armed forces , posed at her home in Melbourne . She proudly held her tickets for the 100 year anniversary dawn service to be held at the ANZAC commemorative site . Thomas Whitelaw and his father Anthony Wade Whitelaw the great great-grandson and the great-grandson of ANZAC veteran Major General John Stewart Whitelaw , who served with an infantry battalion at Gallipoli , opened the doors to their home in Canberra . They told how Major General Whitelaw suffered a bullet wound on 25 April 1915 during the landing and returned to Australia . In Hobart , Scott Clennett , the son of ANZAC veteran James Jim Hoskins Clennett , told how his father returned from the war after he lost an arm and a leg to injuries sustained in battle . And Sydney man Colin Doust said his ANZAC veteran Robert Bob Doust also returned from the war after he lost his leg . Jill Sommers looks down at the photos of her relatives and their medals at her home . 1914 - November . 1 - First convoy of Australian and New Zealand troops departs for Europe from Albany , Western Australia . 5 - The United Kingdom declares war on Turkey . 1915 - January . 13 - British War Council approves naval operation to the Dardanelles . March . 18 - French and British naval operation fails . 22 - Britain decides to launch land campaign on the Gallipoli peninsula . April . 25 - Australian and New Zealand Army Corps -LRB- ANZACs -RRB- land at Anzac Cove , more than 1700 casualties evacuated in first 24 hours . 26 - Australian submarine HMAS AE2 is first Allied vessel to sneak through the Dardanelles . 27-29 - Anzac troops survive Turkish attempts to drive them into the sea . May . 5 - Turkish shell Anzac Cove in what 's known as `` Beachy Bill '' , resulting in more than 1000 casualties . 8 - Anzac troops join British attack at Helles , losing 1000 men out of 2000 . 15 - Major General WT Bridge , commander of the Australian 1st Division is mortally wounded , later dies on May 18 , 1915 . 19 - Australian legend John Simpson Kirkpatrick , famed for rescuing fallen troops with his donkey , is killed . 24 - Armistice declared for nine hours to bury dead soldiers in no man 's land . August . 6 - The major battle of the Gallipoli campaign , the August Offensive begins . 6 - The six-day Lone Pine diversion starts . 7 - Four waves of men in Australia 's 3rd Light Horse Brigade wiped out at the Battle of the Nek . 8 - New Zealand and English forces gain foothold at vital outpost Chunuk Bair . 10 - Turkish troops force Allied servicemen off Chunuk Bair . 21-29 - The Battle for Hill 60 ends with major casualties , August Offensive fails . November . 22 - English Secretary of State for War Horatio Kitchener recommends evacuation of Anzac Cove and Suvla . 27 - Blizzard hits Gallipoli peninsula , reinforcing the need to evacuate . December . 9-18 - More than 16,000 troops evacuated from Anzac Cove mostly at night . 18-20 - Remaining 20,000 Australia and New Zealand soldiers withdrawn . 20 - Evacuation of Anzac Cove and Suvla completed before dawn . Source : Department of Veterans ' Affairs , Monash University professor Bruce Scates . Jill Sommers the daughter of ANZAC veteran William Frederick Martin of the Australian armed forces and the daughter-in-law of Harry Joseph Sommers who was a Gallipoli veteran with the New Zealand armed forces poses on March 30 , 2015 in Melbourne . Jill Sommers was photographed as part of the series at her home in Melbourne ahead of the ANZAC commemorations . A photograph and service medals of ANZAC veteran Harry Joseph Sommers , who served in the New Zealand armed forces , are seen in his daughter-in-law Jill Sommer 's home . The ANZAC medal and a commemorative document of ANZAC veteran William Frederick Martin of the Australian armed forces are seen in his daughter Jill Sommer 's home . Thomas Whitelaw -LRB- left -RRB- the great grand-grandson of ANZAC veteran Major General John Stewart Whitelaw who served with an infantry battalion at Gallipoli poses on March 4 , 2015 in Canberra , Australia . And Anthony Wade Whitelaw -LRB- right -RRB- the grand-grandson of Major General Whitelaw , who suffered a bullet wound on 25 April 1915 during the landing and returned to Australia . Anthony Wade Whitelaw the grand-grandson ANZAC veteran Major General John Stewart Whitelaw . Colin Doust the son ANZAC veteran Robert Bob Doust , who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli in 1915 , holds his fathers service medals as he poses on March 7 , 2015 in Sydney , Australia . Colin 's father Bob returned from the war after he lost his leg to injuries sustained in battle . Scott Clennett -LRB- left -RRB- the son ANZAC veteran James Jim Hoskins Clennett , who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli in 1915 , poses on March 12 , 2015 in Hobart , Australia . Scott 's father Jim returned from the war after he lost an arm and a leg to injuries sustained in battle . And Colin Doust -LRB- right -RRB- the son ANZAC veteran Robert Bob Doust poses in Sydney . Colin 's father Bob returned from the war after he lost his leg to injuries sustained in battle . The service medals of ANZAC veteran James Jim Hoskins Clennett who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli in 1915 . Scott Clennett , the son ANZAC veteran James Jim Hoskins Clennett , who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli in 1915 poses with a wartime photographer of his father -LRB- centre -RRB- and his two uncles Alfred James Clennett and Harold Guy Clennett , along with a photo of his father after he was injured . Jill Sommers , the daughter of ANZAC veteran William Frederick Martin of the Australian armed forces and the daughter-in-law of Harry Joseph Sommers who was a Gallipoli veteran with the New Zealand armed forces , holds her tickets for the 100 year anniversary dawn service to be held at the ANZAC commemorative site as she poses on March 30 , 2015 in Melbourne . Peter Dowsett -LRB- left -RRB- son of ANZAC veteran Victor Sydney Dowsett poses on March 30 , 2015 in Melbourne , alongside a wartime cake tin from Christmas 1914 belonging to his father . Victor who was 20 years old at the time was injured in battle and hospitalised in London before his release . Peter Dowsett son of ANZAC veteran Victor Sydney Dowsett poses with a wartime photograph of father -LRB- right -RRB- and his uncle Robert William Dowsett -LRB- centre -RRB- while holding his fathers service medals . Peter Dowsett son of ANZAC veteran Victor Sydney Dowsett poses with a wartime photograph of father , his aunts and his uncle Robert William Dowsett . A wartime book with a picture of Ey Mortimer -LRB- left -RRB- an ANZAC veteran and his pay booklet -LRB- right -RRB- is seen in his granddaughter Susan Jones 's house on March 19 , 2015 in Adelaide , Australia . Ey was discharged on the December 15th 1919 at the age of 26 due to the cessation of hostilities . Susan Jones the granddaughter of Ey Mortimer an ANZAC veteran who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli holds his discharge certificate . Patricia Stamp -LRB- left -RRB- and her sister Margaret Miatke -LRB- right -RRB- are the daughters of Corporal Bryan M Francis an ANZAC veteran of the 10th Battalion at Gallipoli poses on March 21 , 2015 in Adelaide , Australia . The service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia of Corporal Bryan M Francis an ANZAC veteran . Sisters Margaret Miatke , Patricia Stamp and Catherine Thredgold the daughters of Corporal Bryan M Francis . Catherine Thredgold the daughter of Corporal Bryan M Francis holds his steel identity discs and a photograph of him . The service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia of Corporal Bryan M Francis . A wartime cake tin from Christmas 1914 belonging to ANZAC veteran Victor Sydney Dowsett and a photograph is seen in his son Peter Dowsett 's home . The Australian Army badge of ANZAC veteran Robert Bob Doust who served in the Australian armed forces at Gallipoli in 1915 is seen as part of a display in his son Colin Doust 's home on March 7 , 2015 in Sydney , Australia . Colins father Bob returned from the war after he lost his leg to injuries sustained in battle . The service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia of ANZAC veteran Victor Sydney Dowsett are seen in his son Peter Dowsett 's home . A wartime football team photo in which ANZAC veteran James Jim Hoskins Clennett -LRB- holding ball -RRB- is pictured . Scott Clennett the son of ANZAC veteran James Jim Hoskins Clennett poses at his home in Hobart . Colin Doust the son ANZAC veteran Robert Bob Doust poses at his bar with a huge range of medals and memorabilia .