A 3-year-old 's recurring nightmare about a mysterious white van may help shed light on what really happened the day her mother died in an SUV crash that Virginia police have ruled a tragic accident . Natali Castellanos-Tyler , 30 , a married mother of three from Chesterfield County , was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter , Elisa , in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road , slammed her silver Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene . Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions . Scroll down for video . Loss : Natali Castellanos-Tyler , 30 , pictured with her husband , Craig , and their two children , was killed in an SUV crash in Virginia two months ago to the day . Deadly impact : Castellanos-Tyler was just a few miles from her home when her 2002 Ford Explorer ran off the road in the 15400 block of Genito Road and careened into a tree . Accident : Police said the crash was a one-car collision caused by a rain-soaked road . Elisa Tyler emerged from the accident largely unscathed , but according to her father , Craig Tyler , the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions about the accident . ` She 'll just start walking and she 'll start screaming , `` The van , the white van ! '' ' the young widower told CBS6 . ` I 'll say , `` What happened with the white van ? '' And she says , `` It hurt me -- it hurt my car ! '' ' Tyler , who is now raising his their children , ages 9 , 3 and 1 , on his own after his wife 's passing , at first did not know what to make of Elisa 's night terrors . But then this past weekend he came across several Facebook posts from nearby communities of Foxcroft and Magnolia Green about a series of hit-and-run accidents involving a white box truck . One Facebook user , 17-year-old Caitlyn Thomas , claimed she was side-swiped by a white delivery-style truck on Otterdale Road March 30 ; the impact of the collision reportedly sent a piece of her side-view mirror crashing through the driver 's window . Doubt : Little Elisa , pictured left with her parents and baby brother , and right with her mom , has been having nightmares and daytime visions about a white van , which her father believes may have something to do with the crash . Widower : Craig Tyler says the toddler , pictured above , has told him that the white van in her dreams ` hurt ' her and her car . Sightings : A plain white delivery-style box truck , possibly similar to the one pictured above , has been linked to no fewer than three hit-and-run incidents in which two cars and a school bus were side-swiped . According to an eyewitness , the driver of the truck briefly slowed down and turned his head back to look at Thomas ' damaged car , but then took off from the scene without waiting for police to arrive . A day earlier , Subastree Thompson said she was also side-swiped by a white box truck on the same road . According to the woman , who was driving with her 3-year-old in the backseat , the white van was carrying two or three men sitting in a single row . The van slowed down for a moment but then sped off before Thompson had a chance to take down its license plate number . Then on April 3 , a plain white van matching the same description as in the two earlier incidents allegedly side-swiped a school bus filled with students from Cosby High School . Chesterfield County Police said they were investigating a possible connection between the crashes , but a spokesperson for the department said there was no evidence in Castellano-Tyler 's collision to suggest the involvement of another vehicle . Dashing duo : Natali , a native of El Salvador , and Craig met by chance at a restaurant several years ago and married in a courthouse in 2013 . The 30-year-old leaves behind three children , including a 9-year-old boy from a previous relationship in El Salvador and her and Craig 's two kids , ages 1 and 3 . Tragic twist : The couple had been planning to have a formal wedding ceremony this coming July and Natali had picked out an ivory lace dress -LRB- pictured -RRB- for the big day . Instead , she was laid to rest in her dream gown . The woman was just a few miles from her home when at 2 pm her 2002 Ford Explorer ran off the road in the 15400 block of Genito Road and careened into a tree , reported the station WRIC . Paramedics arrived on the scene but it was too late for the mother . Her daughter Elisa was taken to a hospital with minor scrapes and bruises . On Monday , nearly two months to the day after the crash , Natali 's husband , Craig , wrote on his Facebook page that he was praying ` for the truth to be revealed . ' He and Natali , a native of El Salvador , met years earlier at a local restaurant and married with little fanfare in a courthouse on June 21 , 2012 . The couple had been planning to have a formal wedding ceremony this coming July , followed by a long-awaited honeymoon . Natali had an ivory lace gown picked out for the big day , but instead of wearing it to go down the aisle , she was laid to rest in her dream dress February 27 in the presence of her heartbroken family . A GoFundMe account has been set up to help cover some of the Tyler family 's living expenses . So far , more than $ 15,440 has been raised .