These eerie photographs show the inside of an abandoned 19th century Victorian asylum which has lay dormant for 20 years . Opened in 1818 , the asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of Stafford in the West Midlands . It closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments in its place . Shattered doors , overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed St George 's County Asylum where patients were restrained by means of ` the leather muff , ' ` iron handcuffs ' and ` restraint chair ' . There are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis . Scroll down for video . A mysterious past : The history of this 19th century asylum in the West Midlands saw patients being restrained by means of ` the leather muff , ' ` iron handcuffs ' and ` restraint chair ' . St George 's County Asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients . Run down : Shattered doors , overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed St George 's County Asylum in Stafford . Empty room : The asylum was initially large enough for 120 patients but between 1879 and 1884 two extra wings were added . This included workshops and bakeries bringing capacity to just under 1,000 . The hospital shut its doors in 1995 and 145 long-term patients were re-located . Derelict : An overturned bath tub as it was abandoned -LRB- left -RRB- . Dysentery and syphilis were said to have been commonplace at the now run down asylum -LRB- as pictured in 1940 right -RRB- where suicide cages were erected in the stairwells after a female patient threw herself off the fourth floor . Suicide cages were erected in the stairwells after a female patient threw herself off the fourth floor and landed near the reception . It now lies in a terrible state , but building work is under way to transform the site into new homes . Property developer Shropshire Homes is beginning work on demolishing parts of the asylum beyond repair as part of a project to revamp the structure into 102 apartments . The apartments , the first of which are due to be occupied by early next year , will be priced between just under £ 100,000 and up to £ 300,000 for what company director Howard Thorne described as the ` penthouse apartments ' . He said the parts of the asylum being demolished were ` structurally unsound ' and that it was impossible for them to be preserved . St George 's County Asylum , which was renamed St George 's Hospital in 1937 , was built at a time when Pauper Asylums were being constructed nationwide . It was designed by Joseph Potter in the style of a Georgian mansion at a cost of £ 35,000 . It was initially large enough to hold 120 patients but between 1879 and 1884 two extra wings were added . This included workshops and bakeries bringing capacity to just under 1,000 . The lauded James Wilkes who was medical superintendent of the asylum from 1841 - 1855 said this about conditions before he arrived at his post . ` Previous to the year 1841 , mechanical restraints were part of the system of treatment habitually employed . In need of a makeover : The asylum is now set to be transformed into 102 apartments . Parts of the building will have to be demolished as they are beyond repair but the main structure is to be converted into the apartments . The project is planned for completion by early 2017 . Beyond repair : Director of property developer Shropshire Homes , Howard Thorne , said parts of the asylum being demolished were ` structurally unsound ' and that it was impossible for them to be preserved . Going back in time : St George 's County Asylum , which was renamed St George 's Hospital in 1937 , was built at a time when Pauper Asylums were being constructed nationwide . Here it is pictured how it looked in 1940 . A glimpse into the past : Broken windows dominate the 197-year-old asylum , which is now due to be turned into apartments . The first of these are due to be occupied by early next year , according to property developer Shropshire Homes . An eerie exterior : The imposing asylum looms over a site in Stafford in the West Midlands . It will soon undergo a major makeover project . Back in the day : Taken in 1992 , this picture show what the asylum looked like before falling into disrepair . It closed three years later in 1995 . ` The means of restraint employed were the leather muff and wrist straps , iron handcuffs , long leather sleeves , hobbles for the legs , the restraint chair and various other devices . ` Many of them were employed day and night . In addition many of the patients were confined to their beds by means of straps passing through iron loops . ` The evil of this system was perpetuated by high windows protected by iron guards and strongly guarded fireplaces which gave a gloomy prison like aspect to the interior of the building . ` Above all it was evident that the system adopted had a natural and inevitable tendency to demoralise if not to brutalize the attendants . ' The hospital shut its doors in 1995 and 145 long-term patients who still lived at the asylum were re-located into the surrounding community . The means of restraint employed were the leather muff and wrist straps , iron handcuffs , long leather sleeves , hobbles for the legs , the restraint chair and various other devices , according to James Wilkes who was medical superintendent of the asylum from 1841-1855 . An entrance to history : The Grade II listed building as it can be seen today . It was first opened at the beginning of the 19th century . Falling apart : Inside the abandoned St George 's County Asylum which is structurally unsafe in parts of the building . Time for change : Property developer Shropshire Homes is beginning work on demolishing parts of the asylum beyond repair as part of a project to revamp the structure into 102 apartments . Having a look around : The derelict nature of the asylum is clear from many of the rooms inside the 19th century structure . A new lease of life : The apartments , the first of which are due to be occupied by early next year , will be priced between just under £ 100,000 and up to £ 300,000 for what company director Howard Thorne described as the ` penthouse apartments ' In a state of disrepair : A look at a set of steps that lead inside the Victorian structure which has changed a great deal over the years .