A Kansas man was sentenced Monday to four years and two months in prison for beheading another man with a guitar string after a plea deal that prosecutors said they accepted because of problems with the case . James Paul Harris , 30 , originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety , but pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter . The victim 's brother , Tom Gerety , called the justice system ` a joke ' after learning how long Harris would serve . Light punishment : James Paul Harris -LRB- left -RRB- , 30 , pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety -LRB- right -RRB- . On Monday , a judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months . But Osage County Attorney Brandon Jones said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses . A former girlfriend testified a year ago that Harris told her he shot Gerety in the stomach , tortured him for two days , then cut off his head . Prosecutors allege Harris kept Gerety 's head for months for some type of religious practice , identified earlier as voodoo . Part of the skull was found in March 2012 in rural Osage County on land where Harris ' father lived . ` You can murder somebody and get out in 50 months , ' Tom Gerety said , according to The Topeka Capital-Journal . ` What 's that tell everybody on the wrong side of the law ? ' Other than a portion of the victim 's skull , prosecutors did not have the victim 's body , the murder weapon had not been recovered , not all of the prosecution 's witnesses were available , and prosecutors faced ` credibility issues ' with a major witness , Jones said . ` It was going to be a tough case to prosecute , ' Jones said . Harris declined to say anything during the sentencing . The judge asked if Tom Gerety wanted to say anything . ` It would n't do any good , ' Mr Gerety replied . Thomas Henderson , an attorney who handled Gerety 's Social Security payments , testified at a March 2014 preliminary hearing that he reported Gerety missing in April 2011 after he failed to pick up his payments . Outraged : The victim 's brother , Tom Gerety -LRB- pictured -RRB- said the justice system is ` a joke , ' and that the light sentence sends the wrong message . Henderson said Gerety planned to live with James Harris in Carbondale , 18 miles south of Topeka . Bobbie Williams , Harris ' former girlfriend , testified in court that the defendant told her he killed Gerety using a guitar string , disposed of the body , but kept the head in a bag for himself . Another witness at that hearing , Topeka police Detective Brian Hill , said that during questioning after his arrest , Harris told him that he kept the victim 's head in a canvas bag with a draw string . Hill testified that Harris spoke to the head , and had an active interest in voodoo and practiced it . According to Harris ' former girlfriend , Harris told her that he had shot the victim in the stomach and then tortured him for two days at their Topeka house . After he had finished with his brutal treatment of Gerety , Harris then decapitated him with the string , according to Williams ' testimony . Then , Harris is said to have put Gerety 's torso , arms and legs in a barrel and burried it on land owned by his father , Jeff Harris in Osage County . Gerety 's skull was recovered on March 24 , 2012 , at Jeff Harris ' home by his girlfriend , Shirley Johnson . She had been on the hunt for mushrooms when she found a ball barely buried and brought it inside to show Harris ' father , who promptly called the police and his son was arrested . Harris was in federal custody on unrelated charges when a warrant was issued in October 2013 and he was placed on hold for Kansas authorities .