Masked raiders used an angle grinder to try and break into a cash machine before they fled police in a stolen Audi at speeds of up to 145mph . The gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose supermarket in Kenilworth in Warwickshire , before they fled police in the stolen car after nearby residents reported seeing sparks flying from the cash machine . When they were arrested at a flat in Tamworth a list of ATMs was found . The thieves were caught after a police helicopter followed the gang of four as they tore up the northbound carriageway of the M42 in the stolen car . They were tracked to a block of flats in Tamworth in Staffordshire . Scroll down for video . Police tracked the masked gang as they fled the scene of the attempted raid in a stolen Audi RS7 -LRB- circled -RRB- after they had spent around eight minutes trying to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose supermarket . The group reached speeds of 145mph in the stolen car as they headed towards flats in Tamworth . Members of the gang used a circular saw , crowbars and a hydraulic cutter - known as an angle grinder - usually used by firefighters to rescue people from car crashes . They spent eight minutes trying to access the vault - causing £ 20,000 of damage - before speeding off in a stolen Audi RS7 at 3.20 am on September 29 last year . The Audi had been stolen from a house in Bicester in Oxon on September 10 in a bid to shake off officers in a chase to the Tamworth apartment . Gang members Mark Kirk , 34 , Pedro Taylor , 30 , and Jason Hadley , 27 , were then found hiding in the Tamworth apartment and arrested . Dean Beech -LRB- left -RRB- and Mark Kirk -LRB- right -RRB- were jailed after they worked as part of the four-strong gang . Pedro Taylor -LRB- left -RRB- and Jason Hadley -LRB- right -RRB- were also part of the gang of four , who were wearing masks . Driver Dean Beech , 37 , reached speeds of over 145mph in the stolen Audi . He was found by police dog handlers hiding in dense bushes close to the flat after being detected by helicopter thermal imaging cameras . The gang all admitted conspiracy to steal and aggravated vehicle taking , and have been jailed . After the hearing , police released video footage showing the foursome accelerating away from chasing police cars whose on-board cameras show them reaching a top speed of 145mph . The gang caused around £ 20,000 worth of damage as they tried to hack into the Waitrose cashpoint . The two minute video then shows the gang fleeing on foot after ditching their car at the flats in footage taken from the helicopter 's thermal imaging camera . Police can also be seen surrounding Beech as he is arrested in nearby bushes before an officer in the helicopter says : ` Cracking job , I 'm ready for a cup of tea , back to base . ' When officers forced their way into the flats they found Kirk inside , who claimed to have been asleep with his girlfriend all night . Hadley and Taylor were also dressed all in black standing in the kitchen whilst Beech was arrested hiding in bushes outside . Police found cutting equipment in the Audi 's boot alongside its original number plate , while a search of the flat uncovered an address list of shops with cash points . Detectives discovered the sole of Beech 's ZX750 Adidas trainers , plus footwear worn by Taylor and Kirk , matched imprints left in the angle grinder dust next to the shattered ATM . Taylor and Hadley , both of no fixed address , were given three-year in jail for their part in the Kenilworth ATM theft attempt . Beech , of no fixed address , and Kirk had been on bail at the time of the botched ATM raid for plotting to rob a jeweller in Birmingham on August 1 , 2013 . Officers from West Midlands Police 's Serious and Organised Crime Unit had lain in wait for the pair at the Jewellery Quarter after their plan to turn up wearing balaclavas and gloves . The pair , along with accomplice Darren Bowman , 47 , were stopped moments before their intended raid by officers who had followed them for a month and punctured the tyres of their getaway car on the day of the planned robbery . Beech was jailed for a total of 12 years - two for the cashpoint attack , and another 10 for conspiracy to rob the jewellers . The stolen Audi is seen parked up as the thieves drove to Tamworth and then escaped from the car inside . Kirk , of Birmingham , was given a sentence of 11 years - 18 months for his role in the cash point raid , as well as 10 years for the jewellery plot . Bowman , of Moseley , Birmingham was jailed for six years and two montha after being convicted of the conspiracy to commit robbery charge . The court heard the night before the planned raid , Beech and Kirk had stolen a Toyota Land cruiser from Middleton , near Tamworth , Staffs . It was then fitted with false plates and driven to Birmingham in convoy with Beech 's van , which was dumped in Erdington near the city centre . Thermal imaging cameras , which detect heat -LRB- white -RRB- , show the heat generated by the car 's tyres as it stops . The men -LRB- centre -RRB- are detected by the thermal camera as they make their way into the Tamworth flats . Pictures show heat coming form the tyres and the men attempting to evade officers as they went inside . The two men parked in the Jewellery Quarter just before 11 am to wait for the jeweller but armed officers quickly surrounded the car and arrested them . Bowman was then arrested a few weeks later . Just a month later Kirk and Beech went on to try and break into the Waitrose ATM . Speaking after the hearing , West Midlands Police traffic officer Mitch Darby , who was involved in the pursuit , said : ` The police helicopter picked up the Audi near Hampton-in-Arden before we spotted it heading north on the M42 . Officers swooped in on the gang and made their way into the Tamworth apartment where they arrested them . Police were also able to arrest Dean Beech who had hid himself in the bushes but was seen on the cameras . ` We were trying to keep pace but even at 140mph they were pulling away but they ca n't outrun the police helicopter . ` Camera operators on-board gave us a continual commentary of the car 's movements and directed us to the flats where they tried hiding . ` Colleagues and police dogs quickly had a solid containment of the houses to make sure no-one could leave and it was only a matter of time before we arrested the offenders . '