A talented body painter is travelling across America merging members of the public into beautiful backgrounds . Natalie Fletcher 's ' 100 Bodies Across America ' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots , forests and ruins . For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints . Scroll down for video . Talented body-painter Natalie Fletcher has been travelling around the United States painting different people in each town - here she painted two people as a brick wall in Carolina . Katie and Dez were painted as part of a beach scene raising their arms happily in the air . So far Natalie , 29 , has created works in front of the likes of the Welcome to Las Vegas sign and Superstition Mountains in Arizona . Each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete , with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted . Creative Natalie , from Bend in Oregon , USA , hopes to complete the entire series by September this year . She said : ` I have been preparing for this for three years - it 's my dream project . I 've been on the road for so long now I no longer know the days of the week . In this stunning picture the model , Alondre , is painted as a dessert scene as she perches on a rock . This lady called Nicole is painted as a water scene and a bike , with blue water covering her body and the mountains across her chest . ` The people I have met , painted and just hung out with have been incredible . I want to put out a positive message of ` love your body ' - it 's the only one you are going to get . ` That is why I make people on art : each canvas is unique and beautiful . ' Natalie began her project in March and plans to paint two people in each state that she visits . On her website the artist encourages those that want to be painted to get in touch with their ideas . This model is painted as a lake , blending into the background as part of Natalie 's project . Joel and Amber were painted together as a forest with their bodies blending in to the beautiful trees behind them . Natalie has been making her journey around the States in a van . Describing the journey so far on her blog she said : ` I 've always enjoyed traveling but there 's always something nice about going home and just being lazy sometimes . ` I 've had to put that desire out of my head . I no longer know days of the week , or even what date it is . ` I 'm very disorganized , my van is a wreck , my hair is becoming dred-locked . Shaving my legs has become a luxury . Home cooked meals have never tasted better . And yes , I 'm pretty tired . ' This lady , named Sam , was painted to look like tree bark , although it is unclear as to why she is carrying a gun . Todd -LRB- left -RRB- wanted to be painted into the Las Vegas sign , whilst Kelc and Becca -LRB- right -RRB- were painted as a wall . Erin looks relaxed as she poses having been painted by Natalie as a field of flowers . But Natalie says that the models that she has been working with have kept her going even when times have got tough . She revealed : ` But what keeps me going ? My models ! They 're so brave ! Some have modeled in 45 degree weather , some have de-robed withing 30 mins of meeting me . ` Some have had to walk through National monuments in their undies painted up . I have a love for humanity more than I ever have ! Benji is painted as a fence , Natalie says that she asks her subjects to email with suggestions of what they would like to be painted as .