Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the Crucible on Tuesday -- but still socked it to debutant Craig Steadman . The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year 's Betfred World Championship in Sheffield . But five-time champion O'Sullivan , 39 , could now face a fine after breaching snooker 's strict dress code against the 32-year-old from Manchester . Ronnie O'Sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from a member of the Crucible audience . O'Sullivan played a frame of his encounter against fellow Englishman Craig Steadman in his socks . O'Sullivan leans across the table as he lines up a shot during the first round of the World Championship . O'Sullivan almost made a 147 maximum break in the first frame -- missing the 14th red on a run of 104 . But he played the sixth frame in his socks after removing some new shoes , complaining about a painful big toe . O'Sullivan saw his lead pegged back to 4-2 after losing that frame -- and tried to hand his footwear to a fan . He also asked : ` Does anyone in here have some size eight or nine shoes I can borrow . I 'm serious ? ' But tournament director Mike Ganley summoned him out of the arena and lent him his own shoes for the last three frames of the session . The WPBSA dress code reads : ` Each member shall ensure that their dress and appearance is smart and appropriate for a professional player . ' O'Sullivan was given dispensation to wear casual shoes last year at the UK Championship after breaking his ankle . O'Sullivan claimed he was in discomfort during the match due to an injury he sustained in November . The five-time world champion talks with referee Brendan Moore after borrowing a pair of shoes . O'Sullivan -LRB- left -RRB- holds an overnight 7-2 first-round lead against Craig Steadman -LRB- right -RRB- . World Championship -LRB- 5 -RRB- : 2001 , 2004 , 2008 , 2012 , 2013 . Masters -LRB- 5 -RRB- : 1995 , 2005 , 2007 , 2009 , 2014 . UK Championship -LRB- 5 -RRB- : 1994 , 1998 , 2002 , 2008 , 2015 . World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn said : ` The one thing you can be sure of with Ronnie O'Sullivan is that you have absolutely no idea what he is going to do next . ` I would rather he played with his shoes on if it all possible though . And what happens if his trousers are a bit tight in the next session of his match ? ' Meanwhile , Ding Junhui blew the chance to win £ 30,000 and become only the seventh player to make a maximum at the Crucible . He incredibly played for the blue after the 13th red following 12 blacks and only gasps from the crowd alerted him to the blunder . Ding looked stunned before a doomed long-distance attempt on the black failed . However , he shrugged off the setback to claim a 10-7 victory . Ding , who now plays John Higgins in the second round , said : ` I was concentrating so hard I forgot . I had been 4-0 behind and doing everything to get back into the match , and already thinking about trying to win the next frame . ` I only realised what I had done after playing for the blue because the crowd reacted . Then I checked the scoreboard . Hopfully one day I will get another chance to make a 147 at the Crucible , but it was a bit embarrassing . ' Ali Carter , a two-time Crucible finalist , looked in good touch in his first match at the venue since being given the all-clear from lung cancer . O'Sullivan took to Twitter to post a picture of his inflamed left ankle back in November 2014 . Following a 10-5 win over Alan McManus to set up a clash with Neil Robertson , he said : ` This is where I feel comfortable and most enjoy playing . I have done everything here except win it and that 's what I am here to do . I did n't want to come here , get some applause , play like an idiot and go home . ' Mark Allen won an incredible nine frames in a row from 3-1 down to blow away Ryan Day 10-3 . The 29-year-old from Northern Ireland , who now plays Barry Hawkins , said : ` That does n't happen very often at this level . But that was my C game . Ryan gave the chances rather than me earning them . I will need to play a lot better to be in the mix for the title . '