A space company owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship . Called Blue Origin , the firm expects to begin flight tests this year . The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles -LRB- 100 km -RRB- above Earth . Scroll down for video . The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys , and the firm is also developing an orbital craft , shown here . It will launch from Blue Origin 's west Texas facility near Van Horn , Texas , southeast of El Paso . Testing and development of the rocket engine , called BE-3 , has been completed , the last major milestone before the liquid oxygen - and liquid hydrogen-fueled motor is attached to the New Shepard capsule for flight , Blue Origin President Rob Meyerson told reporters on a conference call . Privately owned Blue Origin has not started selling tickets for flights on New Shepard or released pricing information . ` The engine is ready for flight ... and ready for other commercial users , ' Meyerson said . He declined to be more specific about when New Shepard would fly , except to say ` soon . ' The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys . The New Shepard vehicle includes a Crew Capsule carrying three or more astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered Propulsion Module , launched from the firm 's West Texas Launch Site . Following liftoff , the combined vehicles accelerate for approximately two and a half minutes . The Propulsion Module then shuts off its rocket engines and separates from the Crew Capsule . The Propulsion Module will finish its flight , descend to Earth , and autonomously perform a rocket-powered vertical landing . The Crew Capsule will go on to coast to the edge of space , providing astronauts with a view to the curvature of the Earth and the beauty of our planet . After descent and reentry into Earth 's atmosphere , the Crew Capsule will land under parachutes near the launch site . In addition , the New Shepard vehicle will provide opportunities for researchers to fly experiments into space and a microgravity environment . Blue Origin 's Orbital Reusable Booster System . The capsule will fly dozens of times unmanned before the test flights include pilots , Meyerson added . When finished , the New Shepard vehicle includes a Crew Capsule carrying three or more astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered Propulsion Module , launched from the firm 's West Texas Launch Site . Following liftoff , the combined vehicles accelerate for approximately two and a half minutes . The Propulsion Module then shuts off its rocket engines and separates from the Crew Capsule . The Propulsion Module will finish its flight , descend to Earth , and autonomously perform a rocket-powered vertical landing . The Crew Capsule will go on to coast to the edge of space , providing astronauts with a view to the curvature of the Earth and the beauty of our planet . After descent and reentry into Earth 's atmosphere , the Crew Capsule will land under parachutes near the launch site . Blue Origin is among a handful of companies planning to offer commercial spaceflight services . New Shepard is a suborbital system , like Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo , a six-passenger , two-pilot spaceplane that is expected to resume test flights later this year following a fatal accident in Mojave , California , on Oct. 31 , 2014 . Another company , privately owned XCOR Aerospace , is working on a two-seater spaceplane called Lynx that also is slated to debut this year , founder and chief technology officer Jeff Greason said . Other companies , including Space Exploration Technologies , or SpaceX , and Boeing , are skipping suborbital spaceflight and developing systems to carry people into orbit . Blue Origin intends to parlay its suborbital New Shepard vehicle into an orbital launch system , expected to begin flying later this decade . That vehicle will be powered by a liquefied natural gas motor , called the BE-4 , that is being developed with United Launch Alliance , a partnership of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing . The recently completed BE-3 engine also will be modified to serve as an upper-stage motor to fly satellites into orbit , Meyerson said .