Kawhi Leonard matched his career best with 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals as the San Antonio Spurs rolled past Golden State 107-92 on Sunday , ending the Warriors ' 12-game winning streak while extending their own to seven straight . San Antonio also extended their home winning streak over Golden State to 32 straight , dating back to 1997 , the season before Duncan arrived . Tim Duncan had 19 points and Danny Green added 18 points for San Antonio , who led by as many as 28 points . Kawhi Leonard was in exceptional form as the San Antonio Spurs defeated Golden State Warriors 107-92 . Leonard reaches for the basket during the Spurs win - he scored a career-high 26 points in the success . Leonard 's heroics inspired the Spurs to their 32nd consecutive home win over the Warriors . ` Kawhi was magnificent at both ends of the court , ' San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich said . ` He is really playing confidently , but he has n't forgotten to predicate his game on defense and on the boards . It kind of fuels him offensively . ' Stephen Curry had 24 points , but was harassed into 9-for-17 shooting by Leonard . Klay Thompson was held to six points for Golden State . ` This is the first time I think since Christmas that we have n't really been in a game , ' Curry said . ` We 'll be fine going forward . ' Stephen Curry -LRB- right -RRB- , seen here taking on Tony Parker , scored 24 points for the Warriors . The roles are reversed as Parker drives against Curry during a San Antonio attack . In other games , Indiana got injured star Paul George back just in time , beating Miami 112-89 to remain in contention for the play-offs . Houston overcame Russell Westbrook 's 11th triple-double of the season to beat Oklahoma City 115-112 , and LeBron James recorded his first triple-double since returning to Cleveland to lift the Cavaliers over Chicago 99-94 . George finished with 13 points in 15 minutes - his first action for the Pacers since breaking his right leg on August 1 . Luis Scola scored a season-high 23 points to lead Indiana to its second straight win . The Pacers moved into a tie with Miami for the No. 9 spot in the Eastern Conference . Both teams trail Boston by one game for the conference 's eighth and final play-off spot . James Harden scored 41 points for the Rockets , who won for the seventh time in eight games . Paul George -LRB- right -RRB- returned from injury for Indiana as they beat Miami 112-89 to revive their play-off hopes . Oklahoma 's Russell Westbrook shoots under pressure from Houston Rockets forward Josh Smith . LeBron James jumps for the basket during the Cleveland Cavaliers ' 99-94 win over the Chicago Bulls . Harden and Westbrook , the league 's top two scorers , both entered the game averaging 27.5 points per game . Harden made 12 of 22 shots and 6 of 9 3-pointers before fouling out with 33 seconds left , while Westbrook finished with 40 points , 13 assists and 11 rebounds . The Thunder lost their third straight and only lead New Orleans by a half game for the No. 8 playoff spot in the Western Conference . In Cleveland , James finished with 20 points , 12 assists and 10 rebounds , his first triple-double in a Cleveland uniform since May 13 , 2010 , two months before he left as a free agent for Miami . The Cavaliers made 16 3-pointers while winning their 18th straight home game and moving closer to a Central Division title and securing the No. 2 seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs . Kyle Irving of Cleveland -LRB- right -RRB- gets beyond Aaron Brooks of the Chicago Bulls during Sunday 's game . Joakim Noah of the Bulls dunks after getting clear of Timofey Mozgov . Elsewhere , Blake Griffin scored 18 points and DeAndre Jordan added 16 points and 11 rebounds as the Los Angeles Clippers sent the Lakers to their team-record 56th defeat of the season . With six games still to play , the Lakers have surpassed last season 's team as the worst in the 16-time champion franchise 's illustrious history . The Clippers have won 10 of 11 down the stretch , staying in the tight five-team race behind Golden State for homecourt advantage in the first two rounds of the Western Conference playoffs . Utah topped Sacramento 101-95 and the New York Knicks beat Philadelphia 101-91 to end a nine-game losing streak . Blake Griffin -LRB- right -RRB- of the Clippers reaches for the basket under pressure from Tarik Black of the LA Lakers .