Carlos Tevez talks about being as free as a bird , back to the days when he was banging in the goals in Argentina for Boca Juniors . A big hit on the famous steeped terracing at La Bombonera as he followed in the footsteps of Diego Maradona , Claudio Cannigia and some of the other greats . Here in Turin he is worshipped at the Juventus Stadium , one of the idols in the shirt of the Bianconeri with that fearless , wholehearted approach to the game . Carlos Tevez -LRB- left -RRB- is worshipped by Juventus fans and has scored six Champions League goals this season . The Italian side are aiming to beat Monaco on Tuesday in their Champions League quarter-final first leg . On Tuesday evening , with six goals already in this season 's Champions League , he will be expected to deliver in the first leg of the quarter-final against Monaco . Juve are already on course for the Serie A title , 12 points clear of nearest rivals Lazio ahead of their meeting in the league this weekend . First though , Massimiliano Allegri 's team must find a way to beat Monaco , to secure a decent first-leg lead against the surprise quarter-finalists before the return in the Stade Louis II . At 31 Tevez appears to be enjoying his football again , helping Juventus to the title last season and leading the assault on the Champions League this term . Massimiliano Allegri is hoping to end 19 years of Champions League hurt by taking Juventus to glory . Monaco stand in Juventus ' way ; they were adventurous and audacious in their win over Arsenal in the last 16 . It is easy to knock Italian football , to place it behind England , Spain and Germany , but to do that would do a great disservice to this Juventus team . There are some formidable talents in there , with Gianluigi Buffon protected in his goal by the tough , uncompromising presence of Giorgio Chiellini , Andrea Barzagli and Leonardo Bonucci in their three-man defence . The prolonged absence of Andrea Pirlo , who has made five appearances in this season 's competition , has given others a chance to excel in the centre of this Juve midfield . Paul Pogba , one of the summer targets for Manchester United , is missing but Arturo Vidal , Roberto Pereyra and Claudio Marchisio all have pedigree . Tevez admits he feels free at Juventus , back to the days when he was playing for Boca Juniors -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Monaco players train at the Juventus Stadium in Turin on the eve of their Champions League quarter-final . It has been 12 years since they last reached the Champions League final , when they were beaten by Milan on penalties during a dreadful stalemate that finished 0-0 at Old Trafford . For supporters of Juve it has been too long , with the shootout victory over Ajax in 1996 at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome a distant memory . They have won the European Cup twice and would dearly love a third . Standing in their way of a semi-final appearance is Monaco , the surprise team to make it through after their remarkable win over Arsenal in the previous round . At the Emirates , Leonardo Jardim 's team were adventurous and audacious , surprising Arsenal with their breathtaking approach to the game . They are not to be underestimated . Gianluca Vialli lifts the Champions League for Juventus in 1996 - the last time the Bianconeri were victorious . In 2003 , Juventus suffered heartbreak in the Champions League final , losing to AC Milan in a penalty shootout . Despite the big , high-profile exits of James Rodriguez to Real Madrid and Radamel Falcao 's season-long loan to Manchester United , they are difficult to beat . Joao Moutinho is a classy player in the centre of their midfield and the France international Jeremy Toulalan can always pick out a pass . Up front is Dimitar Berbatov , one of the scorers at the Emirates on the night of that incredible and climactic 3-1 victory in the first leg . Dimitar Berbatov is one of the men standing in Juventus ' way in their Champions League quarter-final . Tevez is adored by Juventus supporters and they will hope he is the man to help them to European glory . It was after that game when Arsene Wenger headed straight for the tunnel , failing to shake the hand of Monaco 's Portuguese coach following Arsenal 's defeat . When Monaco scraped through on away goals , Jardim made a point of calling Wenger ` disrespectful ' for his behaviour , which is familiar to all English football fans , on the touchline . Here in Turin , the Monaco coach talked of being worthy of their place in the quarter-final , good enough to live with the very best teams left in the tournament . Now , inside this magnificent new stadium , they get to meet one of them .