Although once known as one of Hollywood 's most infamous bad boys , becoming a father has turned Colin Farrell into a dedicated family man who puts family before chasing women . Having been linked with a string of the world 's most famous beauties - Angelina Jolie , Demi Moore , Britney Spears , Elizabeth Taylor - the actor says he 's now hung up his prowling boots . In fact , the 38-year-old has confessed in an interview with The Sunday Times that not only is he too busy , but he 's not even interested in the chase any longer . Scroll down for video . Colin Farrell has claimed that he 's no longer the womaniser we once knew , and has n't dated in four years . The 38-year-old actor says that he 's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career -LRB- pictured here in the upcoming second series of True Detective -RRB- and being a good father to his two sons James and Henry . What 's occupying so much time for the man who was once nicknamed the ` Lusty Leprechaun ' ? The Irish actor is about to experience something of a comeback with a role in the much-anticipated second series of HBO 's True Detective . He 's also the face of the new Dolce & Gabbana fragrance Intenso . However he insists that his time now is dedicated to clean living and seeing his two sons James Padraig , 11 , and Henry Tadeusz , five . It 's a far more wholesome lifestyle for Colin who confesses he 's glad that his drink and drug-fuelled days are behind him . He 's now branded his arrival in Hollywood circa 2002 as ` too much ' to handle in his early 20s , and he 's now not only completely sober - he even enjoys a spot of yoga . Britney Spears accompanied Colin Farrell to the premiere of film The Recruit during the height of his party-hard lifestyle . The pair both denied any romance however , claiming they were ` just mates ' And his love life is firmly on the backburner . Asked if he had any women his life , he replied : ` There is not one - zilch , nada . ' Even more surprising however , is that after years of being labelled a womaniser , his now celibate - and happy with his unattached status . ` I have not dated for , ooh , four years now . It 's just not happening , what with the work , the kids and my life . ` I know it 's not what people expect to hear , but that 's the honest truth . ' The actor is now a devoted dad and although they live with their mothers -LRB- James with model Kim Bordenave and Henry with ex-wife Alicja Bachleda-Curus -RRB- he sees the boys every weekend . He told the Sunday Times 's Style magazine : ` It 's not all about you any more , which is a relief . It 's about a bigger world , and helping them find their place in it . ` It 's not about `` me , me , me , the loudmouth '' any more - and that takes the pressure off me to live up to those old expectations ' . He is especially protective of James , who has a developmental disorder called Angelman syndrome , which causes intellectual and physical disability . On the set of film Alexander , Colin Farrell was reported to have had flirtations with Angelina Jolie . Left : Colin married actress Amelia Warner , now married to Fifty Shades star Jamie Dornan , in 2001 in a ceremony in Tahiti though the marriage was n't legal ; Right : He was also rumoured to have dated Demi Moore . Colin certainly has a colourful dating CV having been linked to a Who 's Who of actresses , models and movie icons . He and Jamie Dornan 's wife Amelia Warner ` married ' in a non-legally binding ceremony in Tahiti in 2001 , the following year he dated Canadian model Kim , and conceived their child James . By the next year he was linked with Demi Moore , although they 've both denied the affair and in 2003 , Britney Spears accompanied him to the premiere of his film The Recruit but any intimate acquaintance did n't last with Colin insisting they were ` just mates ' . Angelina Jolie is rumoured to have come on to him during the filming of Alexander in 2003 , and he is said to have offered to read Dame Eileen Atkins , who was then 70 , a book in bed . She refused . After Elizabeth Taylor 's death in 2011 Colin admitted to being ` romantically ' involved with the actress . Doting daddy : Colin Farrell has spoken in the past about how he has learnt to cope with his eleven-year-old son James ' condition - Angelman Syndrome , a neuro-genetic disorder which can affect brain development . In 2006 the womaniser was enmeshed in legal proceedings over a leaked sex tape during a brief relationship with former Playboy model Nicole Narain . And three years later he met Alicja on the set of Ondine . They had baby Henry together in 2010 bu split up soon after . The Minority Report star 's most bizarre liaison , however , was with Elizabeth Taylor in the last years of her life . He called her ` a spectacular woman ' and described the relationship as ` romantic ' and when she died in 2011 , he read a poem at her funeral . Colin Farrell was briefly married to Ondine co-star Alicja Bachleda-Curuś , the mother of his five-year-old son . Colin is now a self-declared family man , pictured here collecting his five-year-old son Henry from school .