The son of The Apprentice host Mark Bouris has appeared in court charged with the alleged assault of his model girlfriend . Dane Bouris , who was a contender for 2013 's Cleo Bachelor of the Year , appeared in Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty , 9News reported . He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home - in Sydney 's east - on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend , Alexandra Dankwa . Scroll down for video . Dane Bouris appeared at Waverley Court on Tuesday charged with the alleged assault of his girlfriend . Bouris , 33 , is best known as the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris and has appeared as an advisor on The Apprentice . He is the hotelier of Morgans Boutique Hotel in Darlinghurst - in Sydney 's inner-city - after beginning his career at the company his father started . His girlfriend , Alexandra Dankwa , is of European and African background , according to her modelling profile . The 22-year-old started her career as child model for Grace Brothers , Samsung and HASBRO . In Instagram pictures , he and his model girlfriend , Alexandra Dankwa , appear playful and happy . Dankwa says she is part of the fitness industry and has just started modelling again in the past three years . She works as a fitness instructor but has ` become active again ' as a model in the past three years . On her profile , Dankwa said her ` niche ' was modelling for swimwear , lingerie , sports wear , fitness and high-end beauty products . This latest incident is not Bouris ' first brush with the law . Bouris is the son of Australian businessman and The Apprentice host Mark Bouris who is the founder of Wizard Home Loans . Here Bouris -LRB- far left -RRB- is pictured with his dad and his grandfather in an Instagram post . In 2013 , he was fined $ 7,500 after his staffordshire terrier attacked another canine while walking in Byron Bay , The Daily Telegraph reported . Three years earlier , offensive behaviour and resisting arrest charges were dropped against him . Bouris will return to court again in August . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .