Amazon is trialling a scheme that could spell the end of waiting in for deliveries or collecting your parcels from a local locker . Select Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot , or trunk , of their car without needing to be near the vehicle . The delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day . Select Amazon Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot , or trunk , of their car without needing to be near the vehicle . The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative . The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative . During the checkout process , Prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map under delivery options . The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative . During the checkout process , Prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options . Once ordered , a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code . As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically , and the code is revoked . Amazon said the vehicle can be parked anywhere a delivery driver can access , including public car parks , but not gated properties . Once ordered , a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code . This code gives the driver keyless access to the boot of the car up until the delivery is made . As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically , and the code is revoked . Amazon said the vehicle can be parked anywhere a delivery driver can access , including public car parks , but not gated properties . It said it is also looking into ways to extend the service to other Prime members with different vehicles in different regions . ` We are working to offer Prime members a delivery location that is always available and convenient : the trunk of their car , ' explained Michael Pasch , European director of Amazon Prime . ` This innovation makes shopping at Amazon even easier and more flexible . It gives customers another way to receive their orders . ' He continued that the test partners will ` take all possible security issues very seriously ' and are working together to develop ways to make sure cars ca n't be stolen or damaged . At the checkout , Prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options . Once ordered , a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code . As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically , and the code is revoked . Amazon is also planning to launch a drone delivery service in the UK , and already offers drop-offs to be made in Amazon Lockers . These lockers -LRB- example pictured -RRB- can be installed in various locations . Once a delivery is made a customer uses touchscreens to enter their order details securely and unlock the relevant locker . Amazon is also planning to launch a drone delivery service in the UK , and already offers drop-offs to be made in Amazon Lockers . These lockers can be installed in various locations and shops within a town or city worldwide . Once a delivery is made a customer uses touchscreens to enter their order details securely and unlock the relevant locker .