Liverpool supporters will stage a protest on Tuesday night against the mounting costs of tickets in the Barclays Premier League . The die-hard contingent of fans who travel the length and breadth of the country to watch Brendan Rodgers ' side are staying away from The KC Stadium after Hull City charged Liverpool fans £ 50 for their sets . Last season , the same seats were sold for £ 35 . That price has caused outrage , given that Stoke fans were charged £ 16 for tickets when they went to Hull in August and Evertonians were charged £ 35 for seats at The KC Stadium in December . Liverpool fans -LRB- seen here at Arsenal -RRB- are unhappy at being charge £ 50 to go to Hull . Liverpool fans are planning a protest a the Hull game over the rising cost of tickets . To put the price of seats at the KC stadium into context , tickets for the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley were available for £ 33 . Liverpool fans have been amongst the most vociferous railing at the spiralling costs and have regularly held up banners at stadiums saying they are ` against modern football ' . A statement on the Spirit of Shankly fans ' website said : ` We would encourage fans to join us on that night to tell the money men of the Premier League cartel that they can not continue to charge exorbitant prices , whilst making obscene amounts of money . ` This wealth should be shared and passed back to the lifeblood of the game , the supporters ... We will no longer accept these prices when there is more money in the sport than ever before . ' Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said at his press conference on Monday : ` I have been made aware of the issue . Fans work hard to get money so they can attend these games . I respect the supporters ' right to protest . ' Hull boss Steve Bruce has also called for Barclays Premier League officials to act to curb rising ticket prices after admitting he felt sorry for football fans . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he respects the supporters ' right to protest . Bruce said : ` I feel sorry for the supporters of big clubs who have to dig deep every week and I hope when the new TV money comes into play the Premier League can remember football does belong to supporters . ` I know how difficult it is for people here at our club to find the money to bring their two kids to a football match and we have to make sure with all the money washing around we give something back to the fans . ` We have to remember the average man in the street because they are the lifeblood of football and I think if the Premier League set certain rules we would all have to abide by them . '