Just ten games . That is all Tim Sherwood has needed to bring Aston Villa out from the morgue and into life . Rigor mortis was setting in when he took over the club , but now the muscles are being flexed . An FA Cup final awaits . There have been mistakes , notably in defeats to Stoke City and Swansea , but five glorious wins and a brand of football to excite and embolden far outweighs them . Having been appointed on Valentine 's Day , Villa fans have fallen in love after only nine weeks . Here , Sportsmail looks at five reasons for Sherwood 's success . Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa as they reached the FA Cup final . Benteke 's back . Upon arrival , Sherwood recognised the area he needed to target instantly : goals . Hardly rocket science but launching Villa 's scoring figures skywards was easier said than done . Straightaway as manager he had a sit down in his office with Christian Benteke where he told the Belgian striker : ` Two years ago , every club in Europe wanted you . ' The point being to re-inject confidence in this quiet character . Benteke is determined but responds well to arm-round-shoulder words . At the end of his reign , Paul Lambert tried stick to inspire Benteke 's best , dropping him for the visit of Chelsea . Benteke understood , but was nevertheless frustrated . He felt starved of service in Lambert 's safety-first style . Christian Benteke has flourished under Sherwood and has scored nine in his last seven for Villa . Sherwood addressed this immediately . During half-time in the FA Cup match against Leicester -- the day before his unveiling -- he entered the dressing room and told his players to get the ball to Benteke more often , and quicker . Villa scored two second half goals to progress . Benteke has now got nine in his last seven for Villa , having scored three in 18 under Lambert this season . There is variety , pace , and creativity in the final third and Villa have already surpassed under Sherwood the total goals managed with Lambert at the helm this season : 16 goals in 10 games , compared to 15 in 28 . The Belgian international fires home the equaliser at Wembley as he helped Villa conquer Liverpool . Trust in youth . For around an hour after carrying out media duties on Friday , Sherwood stood to watch Villa 's Under-11s squad as they trained at Bodymoor Heath . The man for whom youth development is so important was able to find time on the eve of his biggest managerial test to observe a crop of potential talents who will only be senior players many years down the line . That kind of commitment breeds belief across the training pitches . His faith in Jack Grealish is the biggest illustration of his philosophy , but he also handed Rushian Hepburn-Murphy his debut as a substitute at Aston Villa aged 16 . Since Sherwood 's arrival , the under-21s have been moved to train on pitches adjacent to the first-team and a number regularly join in with sessions when 11 v 11 , Kevin Toner and Lewis Kinsella among them . Jack Grealish was the star man against Brendan Rodgers ' side and has earned rave reviews under Sherwood . Sherwood attended the City Ground last Wednesday to witness 22-year-old Gary Gardner , on loan at Nottingham Forest from Villa , score a brilliant free-kick . The night previous he was at Rochdale v Swindon to possibly run the rule over Massimo Luongo , also 22 , his under-21 captain when at Tottenham . Such an approach is with eyes on building the club over the coming months and years but short-term it has served to bring renewed energy . The former Tottenham boss is keen on youth development and watched on-loan Gary Gardner score . Delph delivering . Fabian Delph signed his new contract at Villa before Sherwood arrived -- it was actually announced on the big screens at Villa Park ahead of the FA Cup clash with Bournemouth -- but the 25-year-old has since been handed key responsibilities . The England midfielder , described as Villa 's Hoover by Sherwood , was given the captain 's armband permanently , taking over from Ron Vlaar and leapfrogging deputy Gabby Agbonlahor , based on his mentality and exuberant grit in midfield . He has led by example , turning in performances that make him a certainty for Roy Hodgson . Fabian Delph is arguably Villa 's most important player and he 's become a real leader under new management . Sherwood has asked for more forward movement too , and offensive involvement . Delph 's ability to drive past players -- exhibited for both goals at Wembley -- was compared to Paul Gascoigne by Sherwood and the Bradford-born player has responded to that acclaim . He has two goals under Sherwood after not finding the net once this season for Lambert . ` When I came to the club Fabian Delph had just signed a new contract , he had an opportunity to go to some of the teams in the top four . He showed a lot of loyalty , ' says Sherwood . ` I need characters like that , put themselves on the line . He can add goals to his game , he has so much energy he can get into the final third and score . He 's nicked a couple for me already . I just want to encourage him to do that and then he 'll be too expensive for anyone to buy . ' The England international scored the winner at Wembley to send his side into the FA Cup Final in May . Sound staff moves . Sherwood acted swiftly in the backroom department too , bringing in Mark Robson as first-team coach , and Seamus Brady as performance analyst before his first official game in charge . He knows these guys from working at Tottenham and values their input . Tony Parks , former goalkeeping coach at Spurs , arrived in the days after the loss to Stoke , curtailing a move to Norwich to join up with a manager he respects greatly . Parks is a trusted friend and vocal presence on the touchline , the one who bear-hugged Sherwood from behind , lifting him off his feet , when Benteke rolled in the stoppage time penalty to beat West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League . As assistant Sherwood made a smart move , offering Kevin McDonald the chance to renew his Villa relationship . The 54-year-old was the club 's hugely successful reserve team boss and has developed younger players during a 17-year association that ended during the early days of Lambert 's reign in June 2012 . He was also caretaker manager after Martin O'Neill left and nearly got the job permanently . ` I wanted someone who knew the fabric of the club , ' says Sherwood . Tony Parks -LRB- left centre -RRB- was one of many new staff members brought in to help save Villa from relegation . Stiliyan Petrov has also been into the dressing room to offer words of advice , although he is yet to formalise any coaching arrangement . Training is sharp and intense , largely tailored to replicate matchdays and goal-scoring situations . Inspiring confidence . Sherwood said after the victory over Liverpool that the players believed they would win and the fans did too , suggesting many had already booked their hotels for the final on May 30 . It is clear confidence is coursing through this Villa team now , the shackles not being so much thrown off as plunged to the bottom of the ocean to collect rust . The 46-year-old has added a new found confidence to his sides game and is reaping the benefits . Sherwood divides opinion with his outspoken comments but from within the club such positivity has spread to form a confident collective unit . ` He sits and he chats to people . He treats people like men , ' says Parks . ` The guys have responded to that -- sitting them down , treating them with respect , letting them know when they 're playing well , letting them know when they 're not playing so well . ` I look around , he 's the manager and I believe what he tells me . I think the players believe what he tells them as well . He 's a good leader . '