The FBI has joined the search for a man charged with beating his wife to death with a kitchen knife at a Dunkin' Donuts in Maryland where they both worked . Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel , 24 , faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the FBI announced on Wednesday that a $ 20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest . A federal criminal complaint said that Patel was last seen at a hotel near Newark International Airport shortly after his wife was killed on April 12 . He reportedly has his India-issued passport with him . Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife , Palak Bhadreskumar Patel , to death with a knife inside the fast-food chain . Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel , 24 , is on the run after allegedly beating his wife to death with a kitchen knife on April 12 at a Dunkin' Donuts in Maryland where they both worked . The FBI announced that Patel -LRB- left -RRB- faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and is offering a $ 20,000 reward for information about Patel 's whereabouts . The body his wife , Palak Bhadreskumar Patel , -LRB- right -RRB- was found on April 12 . Patrons called police April 12 shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover . According to Anne Arundel County Police , an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area . The woman , Patel 's wife , died at the scene . Anne Arundel County police said an officer responded around 10:51 pm . ` The female employee of Dunkin Donuts was the victim of an apparent homicide , ' the release said . ` This is not a random crime as the victim and suspect were known to each other , ' authorities said in the news release . Authorities said that Patel had been charged with first-degree murder , second-degree murder , first-degree assault , second-degree assault , as well as dangerous weapon with intent to injure . Police said the investigation revealed that Patel 's husband hit her in the face with a kitchen knife and then fled . A taxi driver told investigators that she picked up Patel on April 12 across from the Dunkin' Donuts and drove him to a Best Western in Newark , New Jersey , approximately 185 miles away , according to WTOP . Patel was last seen on surveillance footage at a Best Western in Newark , New Jersey , near the Newark Liberty International Airport on April 13 . Investigators believe he fled Maryland to New Jersey to escape state charges . Investigators believe he fled to New Jersey to escape state charges , but they believe he is still in the United States . They have no evidence that he boarded plane and the FBI put a hold on Patel 's passport , preventing him from crossing the border . Patel was born in India and was in the United States legally on a visa , but his visa expired at the end of March , according to the FBI . The FBI plans to put up billboards to help locate Patel , who is described as weighing approximately 165 lb and 5ft 9in tall with brown eyes and hair . According to authorities , Patel is considered to be dangerous . Both Patel and his wife worked at the Dunkin' Donuts in Hanover , Maryland , where the wife 's body was found . One of the store 's frequent customers , Idrisa Wurie , told the Capital Gazette ` Oh my goodness . I am shocked because they are very nice people . ' A police spokesperson told the Gazette police dealt with the couple in the past year regarding a domestic incident . In a statement , Dunkin' Donuts said ` We are aware of the tragic incident that occurred at the Dunkin' Donuts / Baskin-Robbins combination restaurant on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover , Maryland . ` All of us at Dunkin' Brands are saddened to learn of the death of crew member Palak Bhadreskumar Patel , and our thoughts go out to her family and friends . ` The franchise owner is cooperating fully with the local authorities in their investigation . As this is a pending police matter , it is inappropriate for us to comment further . ' Police have said tips can be called into to 410-222-474 and anonymously at 410-222-4700 .