Wladimir Klitschko has confirmed that Tyson Fury will be his next opponent and the unified heavyweight champion says he is ready to travel to England to defend his belts . The IBF , WBA and WBO king ended his seven-year American hiatus by clearly out-pointing Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night but it was not the dazzling New York display he had promised on his Stateside return . The American boxing public fell out of love with the 6ft6in Ukrainian back in 2008 when he outpointed Russian Sultan Ibragimov in an uninspiring , lop-sided victory in this very Madison Square Garden ring . And , although seven years and 12 fights have passed since then for Klitschko , it was a case of same ring , same story . The watching Fury , who is mandatory challenger to the champion 's WBO belt and in line for a summer showdown , will have been encouraged by the performance . Wladimir Klitschko celebrates after beating Bryant Jennings on Saturday night in New York City . Klitschko was awarded a unanimous victory over Jennings by the judges at Madison Square Garden . The fight against Jennings was Klitschko 's first in the United States since he fought Sultan Ibragimov in 2008 . Klitschko has confirmed that Tyson Fury will be his next opponents and is willing to fight him in England . But Klitschko has warned Fury that he will relish finally fighting a man taller than him , after his victory over 6ft3in Jennings . He said : ` I look forward to this fight , I think it will be challenging and exciting because I like to fight big men . It is much easier to fight bigger men than smaller . ` I believe that the fight with Tyson Fury will look different to this one because of the size difference -- Fury is taller than me . He is definitely the guy who is ambitious and I think it is going to be exciting . I think that he is going to engage in the fight . ` There was not much engagement through Jennings today but I think the Fury fight will be exciting and I 'm looking forward to it . ' The Ukrainian once again used his height and longer reach to dominate has challenger . Klitschko won 116-111 on two of the judges cards and by a margin of 118-109 on the other on Saturday . Klitschko was happy to travel to America to face an American -- and insists he is ready to hit the road again to face the Wythenshawe born Fury . The only confusion appears to be from which governing body the mandatory challenge will come . Fury is No. 1 contender for the WBO strap but Klitschko 's manager Bernd Boente says the order will actually come from the WBA . Either way , all three of the champion 's belts are likely to be on the line . ` We still have to find out when and where the fight will happen but we will sort it out in the next few weeks , ' Klitschko added . ` I am absolutely open to fighting anywhere . It depends on negotiations and hopefully we will not need a purse bid . ' Victory in Manhattan on Saturday took Klitschko 's run of consecutive title defences to 18 and a win against Fury will move him level with Larry Holmes on 19 . He remains some way off the record of 25 set by Joe Louis during the 1930s and 40s . He did , however , equal the Bronze Bomber 's total of 27 world heavyweight title fights contested at the Garden . The 39-year-old Ukrainian saw off his Philadelphian challenger on points at Madison Square Garden . Brother Vitali watches on as the world heavyweight champion celebrates his victory in America . The 39-year-old wears his WBA , WBO and IBF world heavyweight titles with pride after his win . There is no doubting that Klitschko is one of the most dominant champions of any era but it could be argued that there has been a paucity of genuine challengers during his reign . Take Jennings for example . The 30-year-old , a former handyman in the Philadelphia bank , only started boxing six years ago and this was only his 20th professional fight . Indeed , when Jennings first laced them up , Klitschko was already seven defences into his current hot streak . But he put up a good fight here , although on the few occasions he did get inside Klitschko 's defence , he was unable to land anything other than single shots . Despite standing three inches shorter than the champion , Jennings enjoyed an incredible three-inch reach advantage , although it was not really a factor in the end . The American struggled to administer his jab and instead relied upon occasional forward raids . Klitschko , as ever , allowed him to move towards him and tied him up . The Ukrainian is often criticised for his persistent holding and he was deducted a point for that in the 10th round here . Hayden Panettiere was in the crowd at Madison Square Garden to watch her fiancee 's latest fight . Madison Square Garden , which has hosted some big fights over the years , pictured on Saturday night . Klitshcko 's last fight in the United States was in Madison Square Garden in 2008 , seven years ago . Despite that , he was awarded the win by a 116-111 on two cards and an ever bigger 118-109 on the other . However , the wide cards belie a unusual vulnerability about Klitschko at times , which was not in keeping with his most recent victories during which his defence has seemed virtually impregnable . Fury would have noticed . The Klitschko brothers have been ruffled by Brits in the past with David Haye infuriating them by wearing a t-shirt depicting him holding the severed heads of the brothers in each hand . Then , before Dereck Chisora fought older brother Vitali , ` Dell Boy ' slapped the champion at the weigh-in then spat water in Wladimir 's face . Fury , one of British boxing 's biggest characters , is known for being outspoken and could attempt to get under Wladimir 's skin . However , the 39-year-old said : ` Antics outside of the ring ? You know what , who cares about outside of the ring ? It 's all about what happens inside . '