More than 30 drunk and disorderly University of Kentucky fans were arrested near the school 's Lexington campus Saturday night after the previously undefeated team was kicked out of the NCAA tournament . The Wildcats faced off against the University of Wisconsin Badgers in Saturday night 's semi-final game , breaking their winning streak with a 71-64 loss . Now , its Wisconsin heading to Monday 's final to play Duke - their first final since 1941 . But while the Badgers were still celebrating on the court Saturday night , violence broke out on the streets of UK 's campus in Lexington where a huge crowd gathered to vent the loss . Scroll down for video . Upset : More than a thousand disappointed University of Kentucky fans gathered near the school 's Lexington campus Saturday night , following the team 's ousting from the NCAA tournament . Inflamed : The crowd of angry fans set fires and smashed bottles following the loss to the University of Wisconsin . Rowdy : Throughout the night , police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct . Winners : The University of Wisconsin Badgers will now face off against Duke in the NCAA final on Monday - the school 's first since 1941 . Pictures of the anti-celebration showed a crowd of more than a thousand people in blue and white setting fires on State Street . Throughout the night , police in riot gear arrested 31 people from the ` rowdy , and at at times hostile ' crowd on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct . Another three people were taken to the hospital for non-serious injuries . Lexington Police Department spokesman Sherelle Roberts says the situation was cleared up by 2:15 am . Tense : University of Kentucky fans watch the game Saturday night on a projector set up in a backyard . Taken into custody : Lexington city officials described the crowd as ` rowdy , and at at times hostile ' on their Twitter page . Out of control : A Lexington Police Department officials says the situation was cleared up by 2:15 am . Slammer : Above , police cart off one of the 31 people arrested at last night 's gathering in Lexington , Kentucky . ` This was a citywide effort to clear this situation ... it really requires the whole city to come together in situations like these , ' Ms Roberts said . Meanwhile , University of Wisconsin fans in Madison also gathered near campus Saturday night to celebrate the big win . One man climbed a flag pole to chant ` USA ! USA ! ' Authorities say no significant problems occurred during that gathering . Oh the misery : Kentucky Wildcats head coach John Calipari reacts in the post game press conference after being defeated by the Wisconsin Badgers during the NCAA Men 's Final Four Semifinal Saturday . Grab : Traevon Jacksonof the Wisconsin Badgers -LRB- left -RRB- defends Andrew Harrison of the Kentucky Wildcats in the second half during the NCAA Men 's Final Four Semifinal at Lucas Oil Stadium on April 4 . Are we gon na win ? : Duje Dukan and Traevon Jacksonof the Wisconsin Badgers -LRB- front -RRB- look on from the bench with teammates late in the game against the Kentucky Wildcats . Please no : A Kentucky Wildcats fan reacts in the stands after being defeated by the Wisconsin Badgers during the NCAA Men 's Final Four Semifinal in Indianapolis . The Wildcats close the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since the 1975-76 Indiana Hoosiers . Instead , these NBA-ready group of Wildcats join the star-studded 1991 UNLV team as the latest to take an undefeated record into the Final Four but lose in the semifinals . Trending on Twitter : ' 38-and-Done . ' And ' 38-and-1 . ' All easy pickins for the many detractors of John Calipari 's group of ` One and Done ' players , All-Americans and other future first-round and lottery picks . There are other programs with talent , though . Wisconsin has some future pros , and they came up big in the biggest game of their lives - a rematch of last year 's semifinals where the Wildcats won 74-73 . The Wildcats had the reputation as the team that never quits when things do n't look so good - a la last week 's win over Notre Dame - but Wisconsin came up clutch this time . Slam : Sam Dekker of the Wisconsin Badgers -LRB- left -RRB- drives to the basket in the second half against Aaron Harrison of the Kentucky Wildcats . Wisconsin Badgers forward Sam Dekker -LRB- left -RRB- and guard Traevon Jackson -LRB- right -RRB- jump in the air after the 2015 NCAA Men 's Division I Championship semi-final game against the Kentucky Wildcats at Lucas Oil Stadium . ` They did to us what we 've been doing to other teams all season , ' Calipari said . ` They executed down the stretch and we did n't . ' Trailing by four and gasping for breath with their hands on their knees after going 6 minutes without a bucket , the Badgers -LRB- 36-3 -RRB- responded with an 8-0 run to take a lead Kentucky could n't overcome . It started with a tough , twisting shot by a future NBAer , Sam Dekker -LRB- 16 points -RRB- , and kept going when Nigel Hayes tipped in an air ball after the shot clock had clearly turned to ' 0 . ' No violation was called , and in a game full of shaky officiating that left both coaches screaming , it generated momentum for the Badgers and left Kentucky flat . Aaron Harrisonof the Kentucky Wildcats -LRB- right -RRB- drives to the basket against Josh Gasser -LRB- left -RRB- of the Wisconsin Badgers in the second half during the NCAA Men 's Final Four Semifinal . Tied at 60 , Andrew Harrison missed on Kentucky 's next possession . Then Dekker spotted up for a 3-pointer that gave Wisconsin the lead for good with 1:42 left . Ahead 64-63 with 24 seconds left , Kaminsky , who was celebrating his 22nd birthday , hit two free throws . He and Bronson Koenig went 7 for 8 from the line over the last 24 seconds to seal the win . Proud : Head coach Bo Ryan of the Wisconsin Badgers looks on in the second half against the Kentucky Wildcats during the NCAA Men 's Final Four Semifinal at Lucas Oil Stadium on April 4 , 2015 . ` Best birthday present I 've ever had , ' Kaminsky said . Kentucky 's last , best chance came while trailing by three with 12 seconds left . But Karl-Anthony Towns received the ball in the post and got fouled . He made only one free throw , and from there , Wisconsin iced it from the line .