An eight-year-old girl , who lost her leg in a terrible accident last year , has given her first solo dance performance since she became an amputee eleven months ago - earning a standing ovation for her moving routine . Alissa Sizemore , from Vernal , Utah , was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it . Although the dancer , who has been taking lessons since she was four-years-old , had to have her right leg amputated below the knee , she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible . ` I just did n't want to give up , ' Alissa told People . ` Dancing has been my favorite thing since I was four . I do n't have part of my leg , but I ca n't let that stop me . I still want to dance . ' Scroll down for video . Major Inspiration : Alissa Sizemore can be seen dancing on a wooden bench during her first solo dance performance since she lost her leg in an accident last May . Alissa , who was fitted for her prosthetic leg in September , chose Colbie Caillat 's hit Try , a song that she and her mom felt accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year , for her debut performance , in which she removed her artificial limb as a part of her routine . Alissa 's mom Heather proudly shared a video of her daughter 's performance last month on her YouTube channel . The clip shows Alissa donning a seafoam green ballet costume as she confidently walks toward a bench set up in the middle of Vernal 's high school gymnasium , where the recital took place . The impressive little girl performs a series of leg stretches and even a cartwheel before she removed her prosthetic limb . Unstoppable girl : The eight-year-old lifted her prosthetic limb while balancing on one leg for her routine , which was set to Colbie Caillat 's hit Try . Dare devil : She even did a cartwheel in the middle of her performance at a high school gymnasium in in Vernal , Utah . Determined : Towards the end of her emotional dance , Alissa removed her artificial leg and continued her routine on the floor , where she did a bridge and a forward roll . After removing her artificial leg , she continues her routine on the floor , proving that she will always be able to dance - with or without her leg . The teary-eyed audience was so moved by her dancing that she was given a standing ovation - a fantastic end to an emotional year . And one which will hopefully help to dull the memory of the horrific accident which left her in pain for months . Last May , Alissa was playing outside with her sister Cyley , 10 , and some of her friends when she ran past a few garbage cans that were pulled to the curb just as a truck was breaking to a stop . Alissa 's right foot was pinned underneath the tire . She was immediately flown to Vernal to Primary Children 's Medical Center in Salt Lake City , but doctors were unable to save her leg . Amazing recovery : Alissa was photographed warming up for ballet class at Powerhouse Dance Studio last month . In sync : She can be seen performing a routine with the other girls in her class . Star treatment : Alissa got her hair done before she was filmed dancing in the music video for Utah musical trio Gentri 's song Dare . Alissa was reliant on a wheelchair or crutches before she was fitted for her artificial leg , but she was secretly doing uncomplicated dance moves in the studio her father had built for her and her sisters . While Alissa adjusted to her new reality , her neighborhood community banded together to help raise money for her surgeries and her prosthetic leg , which were n't completely covered by the family 's health insurance . When her mom took her and her sisters to Powerhouse Dance Studio last summer for fall tryouts , it was thought that Alissa would help with the music until she was ready to return to dance - but she had other plans . Say cheese : The little girl posed for this photo with Casey Elliott , Brad Robins and Bradley Quinn Lever , who make up the group . Inspiring words : In the music video , Alissa holds up a sign that reads : ` Dare to dream . ' ` She handed me her crutches and said she was trying out , ' her mom told People . ` She hopped to the middle of the room and gave it her all . She was n't going to let anybody hold her back . ' Alissa 's amazing story inspired Utah musical trio Gentri to feature her in the music video for their song Dare . Throughout the clip , which debuted earlier this month , Alissa can be seen attaching her prosthetic leg before she starts dancing . The footage also shows her holding up pictures of herself during her recovery last year , as well as a newspaper article about her recent dance recital . Towards the end of the video , Alissa raises a sign that reads : ` Dare to dream . ' Brave face : Alissa curled up with her stuffed animals as she and her mom Heather smiled for the camera last year after her accident . Huge adjustment : The young girl , pictured with her mom , relied on a wheelchair and crutches to get around before she was fitted for her prosthetic leg in September .