The 12-year-old daughter of the mailman who landed his gyrocopter on the lawn of the U.S. Capitol last week has said she was ` downright proud ' of her dad . ` He 's a patriot you know ? ' Kathy Hughes told ABC News . ` He did it for the country . ' Her father , 61-year-old Doug Hughes , landed the aircraft on the West Lawn last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody . He is now under house arrest at their Ruskin , Florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone , a charge that could send him to prison for four years . On Monday , Hughes called his 80-mile journey to the Capitol ` a huge thrill ' and shared footage of the flight from Virginia , across Washington D.C. and his safe landing on the West Lawn . Scroll down for video . Proud : Kathy Hughes , 12 , said she is ` downright proud ' of her father , who was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the West lawn of the U.S. Capitol last week to protest corruption in Congress . Speaking out : Doug Hughes said the journey from Virginia to the U.S. Capitol was a ` huge thrill ' as he spoke to Good Morning America on Monday morning . He is currently under house arrest in Florida . Journey : He also shared footage -LRB- pictured -RRB- of his 80-mile flight from Virginia and across D.C. Speaking to Good Morning America on Monday morning , Hughes said he never feared he would be shot down , despite coming within feet of the guarded building . ` I 'm a mailman , I was delivering the mail , ' he said wryly . ` I do n't think that the government is going to shoot a 61-year-old mailman in a flying bicycle who is not threatening anyone . ' He added that he had made ` every effort to notify the administration ' before his flight to let them know who he was and what he would be doing . Instead of worrying about being shot down , he was focused solely on landing safely , he said . ` This is different than any other landing I 've made , and it had a very surreal nature to it , ' he said . ` I did n't have a hand free to pinch myself to see if it was happening , but that 's what was happening . ' Despite landing unscathed , he said that he believes the security in the city is ` ironclad ' and that if anyone else tries to land on the West Lawn , they might not be so lucky . He pulled off the stunt to bring the public 's attention to the ` the problem of corruption in Congress ' and to spotlight his belief that campaign finance laws are too weak , he said . ` It 's up to the American people to decide whether or not they 're going to catch the ball that I threw , ' he said . ` If they pick this up , it 's in their power to fix the problem . Then it 's worth it even if I lose my job or go to jail . ' He is also calling for changes to Congress on his blog . By his side : Both Kathy and her mother Alena -LRB- right -RRB- have called Mr Hughes a ` patriot ' for his flight . Hughes is on leave from his job and is under house arrest in Ruskin , Florida . He will attend a hearing in Washington D.C. in two weeks to determine whether his case will go to trial . If found guilty of the charges - violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft - he faces four years in prison and fines . Speaking to GMA , he added that he does not expect to be reunited with his gyrocopter , but if he does , he plans to melt it down into beer cans . Hughes reportedly planned his trip for more than two years before flying through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone last Wednesday . He was carrying 535 letters - one for each member of Congress . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson later admitted that the gyrocopter went undetected and under the radar as it flew 80 miles from Gettysburg , Pennsylvania to the building - in just the latest embarrassment for Secret Service security around the Capitol and White House . After a series of interviews , the Secret Service decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes ' Belarus-born wife Alena , who claims she was not aware of his plan . Approach : The small gyro-copter -LRB- in red -RRB- lands on the West Lawn of the Capitol in Washington last week . Under the radar : A member of a bomb squad checks the small helicopter after Hughes landed on the West Lawn of the Capitol in Washington last Wednesday . He was carrying letters to every member of Congress . The couple met online and went on a few dates in Russia before she moved to the U.S. in 2002 and they married . Kathy is their daughter together while Mr Hughes has adult children from a previous marriage . She reportedly told officers that her husband said he was going to Virginia but did not elaborate on what he planned to do there . But following his stunt , Mrs Hughes defended her husband as a ` patriot ' . ` I am very proud of my husband . He is a countryman , ' Alena Hughes told the Associated Press . But for his part , when Mr Hughes was asked if he defined himself as a patriot , he responded : ` No , I 'm a mailman . ' See below for video .