The Vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions . More than 40 years after The Exorcist left cinema audiences green , the Vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists to give ordinary Catholics the tools needed to recognise a case of demonic possession when they see one -- and teach them what to do about it . The tenth edition of the annual course , ` Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation , ' sponsored by the Vatican Congregation for the Clergy , the department responsible for overseeing matters regarding priests , began this morning at Rome 's Regina Apostolorum University . More than 40 years after The Exorcist -LRB- pictured -RRB- left cinema audiences green , The Vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions . One of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions , organisers said . In 2013 Francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair who shook violently when the pope laid his hands on him and said a blessing . He has frequently expressed the belief that the devil really exists and is not merely ` a myth , a figure , an idea , the idea of evil . ' Experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances . Last year the International Association of Exorcists claimed it was ` a pastoral emergency . '' In 2013 , Pope Francis -LRB- pictured -LRB- appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair . The Vatican tried to introduce Holyween , where children would dress up as saints and attend prayer vigils instead of Halloween . Father Pedro Barrajon , director of the Sacerdos Institute , which is organising the course said ` Living in an increasingly secularised society than in the past there is more tendency to open the door to the occult . Demonic activity is increased by the practice of magic and visiting fortune tellers which can increase the likelihood of a possession ' .