UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident on Sunday morning , amid reports police found marijuana in his car . The 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman , according to Albuquerque PD spokesman Simon Drobik . The pregnant woman was sent to hospital with ` non life-threatening injuries ' , Drobnik said following a collision with another vehicle . If Jones is found to have caused the accident , he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman . Today it emerged police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter 's car , according to TMZ . UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident . Jones -LRB- left -RRB- , pictured against Daniel Cormier in January , is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman - according to Albuquerque Police Department . If Jones -LRB- left -RRB- is found to have caused the accident , he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the pregnant woman after she was taken to hospital with ` non life-threatening injuries ' ` The case has progressed and he -LSB- Jones -RSB- is now our suspect in the the hit and run that happened earlier this morning involving a pregnant female , ' Drobik said . ` We are now definitely looking at him as a suspect . ' Jones has a history of drugs usage after he tested positive for cocaine metabolites ahead of his fight against Daniel Cormier in January . The 27-year-old underwent treatment at a drug facility as a result of testing positive for benzoylecgonine in the out-of-competition test but the substance is not on the banned list . Jones passed a similar test a week later . The UFC released a statement Sunday night that read : ` We are aware that the Albuquerque Police Department is interested in speaking to Jon Jones regarding his possible involvement in a motor vehicle accident . ` We are in the process of gathering facts and will reserve further comment until more information is available . ' Jones -LRB- left -RRB- is scheduled to defend his light-heavyweight title against contender Anthony Johnson on May 23 . Earlier on Sunday , the Albuquerque PD posted on social media it could not confirm Jones ' involvement in a hit-and-run incident , but stated an investigation was ongoing . Jones is currently scheduled to defend his 205-pound title against Anthony Johnson next month at UFC 187 . At present the UFC has not announced any change to their card for the Las Vegas bout on May 23 - with Johnson 's manager , Glenn Robinson , telling ESPN.com that the 31-year-old has not been informed of any opponent alteration . Jones -LRB- left -RRB- poses with Johnson as he attempts to mount his ninth successful defence of a title .