In cities that are as well-known for their burgeoning fashion scene as they are their must-see monuments and ever-evolving culture , it 's perhaps no surprise that hotel staff are as well-dressed as their chic visitors . The Park Hyatt New York , for example , recently hired First Lady Michelle Obama 's favourite designer , Narcisco Rodriguez , to re-design the staff 's uniforms . While the Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for local designer , Sunny Fong , when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms . The result was a sleek , sophisticated style , inspired by the Asian artwork in the property 's common spaces . And that 's just the beginning . MailOnline Travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world . JW Marriott Houston Downtown hired American designer , David Peck , for its recent uniform overhaul . JW Marriott Houston Downtown . The JW Marriott Hotel in Downtown Houston enlisted the help of American designer , David Peck , for their recent uniform revamp . The Houston-based designer first launched his own line at age 21 and quickly became known for his classic shapes , structured pieces and tailored silhouettes . A first of its kind collaboration , Peck and Marriott took inspiration from the city 's 104-year-old skyscraper , as well as the local Houston aesthetic in designing the ready-to-wear pieces . Evoking an East Coast high-society sensibility , the designs rely heavily on fair-trade tweed , sharp suits , and accessories , such as bowties . Peck -LRB- left -RRB- is a Houston-based designer , now known for this structured pieces and tailored silhouettes . In designing the pieces , Peck took inspiration from the city 's 104-year-old skyscraper and local influences . The looks are meant to evoke an East Coast high-society sensibility , relying heavily on bold accents . And these custom-made looks do n't set the hotel staff back a dollar . Not only does Marriott pay for the uniforms , but Peck has also provided each employee with a 150-page style guide to help them find new ways to mix and match the pieces . ` David Peck 's custom designs artfully reflect the sophisticated yet unpretentious nature of the hotel , ' Natalie Wiseman , JW Marriott Houston Downtown director of sales and marketing , said in a statement . The Park Hyatt New York hired Michelle Obama 's favourite designer , Narcisco Rodriguez , for a uniform revamp . The Park Hyatt New York is a luxury hotel located near Central Park South in Manhattan . The subtle cut-out detailing on the back of the dress adds a bit of sexiness while remaining work appropriate . Park Hyatt New York . Fashion icon , Narcisco Rodriguez , lent a hand when it came to redesigning the uniforms for this central Manhattan hotel . It 's easy to see why Rodriguez is a favourite of the First Lady of the United States , seeing as how when challenged to come up with a New York-centric design , the fashion guru erred on the side of timeless elegance with a chic little black dress . The minimalist look is a perfect fit for the luxury property , located just south of Central Park , and the knee-length frocks come in sleeveless , capped and three-quarter length styles . At the Rosewood Hotel in London , doormen wear newsboy caps and female employees don wool-silk blazers . British designer Nicholas Oakwell -LRB- left -RRB- designed the vintage-inspired uniforms for London 's Rosewood Hotel . The looks , which harken back to a simpler time , are crafted using materials such as tartan and tweed . Rosewood Hotel London . Nicholas Oakwell designed the vintage-inspired couture uniforms for the central London Rosewood Hotel . Using materials like tartan and tweed , the looks harken back to a simpler time in the capital . Doormen don newsboy caps and checkered trousers , while female employees are clad in slim-fitting wool-silk blazers and menswear-inspired neckties . The UK-based designer has dressed plenty of A-list stars , including Hilary Swank and Natalie Dormer , and is London Fashion Week show is one of the hottest tickets in town . The Shangri La Hotel in Toronto , which opened in 2012 , is located just west of the city 's Financial District . In celebration of the property 's one year anniversary , the uniforms were redesigned by VAWK 's Sunny Fong . Fong 's sophisticated look was inspired by the Asian artwork in the hotel 's common spaces . Fong -LRB- left -RRB- is a Toronto-based fashion designer , known for his minimalist , sexy aesthetic and sleek silhouettes . Shangri-La Toronto . To celebrate the hotel 's one year anniversary , the lobby lounge uniforms got a serious overhaul - all thanks to Toronto-based fashion designer , Sunny Fong . The mastermind behind luxury label , VAWK , Fong crafted a sexy , sophisticated look , after being inspired by the artwork in the hotel 's common spaces , such as the Ming vase tea library and the Zhang Huan ` Rising ' sculpture . Fong 's blue and white lounge dress and the champagne room uniform both borrow from traditional Asian design , including sleek silhouettes and a mandarin collar . Japan-born designer , Yohji Yamamoto -LRB- right -RRB- , has designed uniforms for the Royalton Hotel in New York -LRB- left -RRB- . Known for an avant-garde style , in his signature black , the designs are every bit as sleek as the hotel interior . Royalton New York . The hotel got a major makeover in 2009 by renowned architect Philippe Starck , and along with it , the property 's staff uniforms were also overhauled . Crafted by award-winning fashion designer , Yohji Yamamoto , has long been considered a master tailor in his field . Known for his avant-garde designs and oversized silhouettes , often in black , Yamamoto 's uniforms are every bit as sleek as the interior of the luxurious midtown establishment .