When Zayn Malik announced he was leaving One Direction last week it was amid rumours that he was set to launch a solo career . And the speculation has not abated since a producer known as Naughty Boy - real name Shahid Khan - posted a clip -LRB- which has now been removed -RRB- , of what was thought to have been the 22-year-old 's first single . Indeed , the track , entitled I Wo n't Mind , sent both One Direction fans and one of Zayn 's former band mates into turmoil . Scroll down for video . Naughty Boy has been working on Zayn Malik 's solo music , he posted a clip of a track entitled I Wo n't Mind , but has since taken it down . Especially as the big reveal came after Naughty Boy , 30 , from Watford , retweeted a fan video entitled , ` Naughty Boy Saved Zaughty ' - an amalgamation of Zayn and Naughty Boy 's names - which said ` Zaughty Will Rise ' . While it sounds cryptic , the video is thought to reference the collaboration between the two and angered Directioners who are still disappointed at Zayn 's departure from the group . It also enraged Zayn 's former bandmate Louis Tomlinson . Louis tweeted at the producer : ` Wow @NaughtyBoyMusic you 're so inconsiderate pal , seriously how f ****** old are you ? Grow up ! #masterofallwisdom ' Naughty Boy believed that Louis was angered by an earlier tweet as he replied : ` @Louis_Tomlinson calm down . Was talkin bout Louis Walsh cuz he did n't let someone through on X Factor . Look @ the date of the tweet . # 2014 . ' Naughty Boy was pictured with Simon Cowell , the boss of Zayn 's record label Syco , earlier this year at the British Asian Trust dinner . He then wrote : ` When ur gettin hate for some thing u did n't do , a bit of love can go a long way , that 's why I retweeted , time will tell the real story guys . ' Louis was quick to point out exactly why he was angered as he responded : ` @NaughtyBoyMusic I was talking about the video you tweeted . Clearly trying to wind the fans up ! Well you succeeded anyway . Fair play . ' Onlookers can only speculate that Naughty Boy 's reference to something he ` did n't do ' is linked to the fact that he is being blamed for Zayn leaving the band . When he teased the single off what is thought to be Zayn 's forthcoming solo album due out in 2016 on Syco , he said : ` Let the music do the talking guys . thank us later , ' along with a SoundCloud link to I Wo n't Mind . Naughty Boy is well connected in the music industry , pictured here at an event in 2014 with Jools Holland -LRB- left -RRB- and Elton John -LRB- center -RRB- . Naughty Boy attends the Ivor Novello awards in 2014 with Emeli Sande who he has previously worked with . ` There is nothing but love for what was left behind . that 's why we do n't mind # 2016 #zaughty #zindabad , ' he added . The flurry of outrage , accusations and upset all follow an upsetting week for One Direction 's devoted fans after Zayn initially bowed out of the band 's tour and then left the group . He confirmed his exit in a statement which read : ` My life with One Direction has been more than I could ever have imagined . ` But , after five years , I feel like it is now the right time for me to leave the band . I 'd like to apologise to the fans if I 've let anyone down , but I have to do what feels right . ' Whether Zayn will be Naughty Boy 's newest collaborator remains to be seen , but he certainly wo n't be the biggest name he 's worked with . So far he 's worked with Cheryl Cole , Rihanna , Tinie Tempah , Emeli Sande and Leona Lewis and he even helped to produce Labrinth 's hit song Beneath Your Beautiful . Naughty Boy chats to Prince Charles , his career was started thanks to a grant from The Prince 's Trust . He also wrote a song for One Direction in 2014 with the help of Emeli and Zayn himself . At the time Shahid explained the collaboration telling the Mirror : ` We -LSB- he and Zayn -RSB- met at the BRITs , we both have a Pakistani background and we just got on straight away . ` In this business it 's hard to make new friends , but we spend a lot of time together just chilling out , making music . ' In 2013 he achieved musical success in his own right with La La La - a collaboration with Sam Smith - which became the year 's fastest selling single . The track won both Best Song and Best Video at the MOBO Awards that year . But the producer came from humble beginnings and he started Naughty Boy Records while working for Dominos Pizza . Prior to this he had studied business and marketing at London Guildhall University but left the course after only one term . Naughty Boy was able to buy his recording equipment after going on Deal Or No Deal and winning £ 44,000 . It was ten years ago in 2005 when Naughty Boy was 20 that he took part on the reality gameshow . Indeed , it was n't until 2005 when he began to be able to build the business , thanks to a £ 5,000 grant from the The Prince 's Trust . And Naughty Boy proved to be a lucky boy when , in the same year , he took part on the hit Channel 4 show Deal Or No Deal and won £ 44,000 which allowed him to buy all of his studio equipment . However , despite having collaborated with big artists , it 's his work with Zayn that may well turn out to be the most controversial . Especially given the circumstances in which the 22-year-old left One Direction . In a statement released last week Zayn revealed that he wanted out of the band so that he could live ` a normal life , ' with many speculating that he could n't handle the level of fame the boy had achieved . Whilst he may not be instantly recognisable Naughty Boy is very well connected , here his is pictured with Emeli Sande -LRB- left -RRB- and Jemima Khan -LRB- right -RRB- . However , it was just a couple of days before the singer was pictured in a London studio with Naughty Boy , leading to speculation that the pair had already begun work on his solo album . The release of I Wo n't Mind may also put a spanner in the works for both Zayn and One Direction as far as their previous work commitments are concerned . It has been reported that in 2013 the boys signed a deal to make two more albums and a greatest hits compilation , however , by leaving the band Zayn may well have forfeited this deal . But it does n't look as if Zayn 's boss Syco head honcho Simon Cowell , is too unhappy about the situation . It 's already been confirmed that when the Bradford born singer does release his own music it will be on the Syco label . And Naughty Boy has previously revealed his closeness to the music mogul , not only being pictured with him at events , but mentioning in a previous interview that the pair are in text contact .