Indonesia 's attorney-general has claimed that Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death following the rejection of their last ditch legal appeals . The convicted Australian drug dealers learned about the ruling after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in Jakarta 's state administrative court on Monday . The court decided against allowing the pair 's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo 's decision to deny the two Australians clemency . Scroll down for video . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran 's last-ditch legal appeal against their Indonesian death row sentence was heard on Monday in Jakarta 's state administrative court . Indonesia 's HM Prasetyo said the pair would be executed soon and there would be no more delays as their latest court challenge failed . But attorney-general HM Prasetyo says he will not wait for another court challenge . ` No , there shall be no more -LRB- delays -RRB- , ' he said after Monday 's verdict . ` This is proof of their tendency to delay ... it 's like toying with law . ' The attorney-general argued clemency was a matter of presidential prerogative only . ` For me it 's enough . It 's finished . It 's finished , ' he said . Lawyers for the men now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president 's obligations in clemency . They argue the executions should be stayed pending the new action , to be filed this week . The unusual appeal in the state administrative court was likely the pair 's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid . Sydney men Chan , 31 , and Sukumaran , 33 , have been awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan with seven other prisoners after they were transferred from their home of almost ten years -- Bali 's notorious Kerobokan prison -- in a dramatic show of force last month . No sparing : A judge -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the Indonesian state administrative court -LRB- pictured -RRB- reads out the decision in Jakarta on Monday ruling that Bali 9 ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will not be allowed to challenge the decision by President Joko Widodo to deny the Australians clemency . Shackled and handcuffed : Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran cut sad figures as they were escorted by four faceless Indonesian police officers across the tarmac after being taken from Korobokan prison in Bali to their final destination , Death Island . The federal government has also asked that new legal options be allowed to run their course . Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the government was disappointed by the court verdict . ` Both men have undergone extensive rehabilitation and I will continue to make representations to my counterpart , just as Australia will continue to use all diplomatic options to seek a stay of execution , ' Ms Bishop said in a statement . ` Again , the Australian government respectfully requests the president to review their pleas for clemency . ' The court in February rejected their legal challenge for clemency , determining the decrees by President Widodo were not within its jurisdiction . Lawyer for Chan and Sukumaran Leonard Arpan last week said they had done their best for their Australian clients . President Joko Widodo -LRB- pictured -RRB- previously rejected the Australian pair 's clemency bids without studying the individual merits of each case , lawyers for the Bali 9 duo argued in the last ditch appeal on Monday . The pair are currently being held in isolation on Nusakambangan prison island -LRB- above -RRB- where foreign drug dealers were executed on January 18 this year and where the two Australians may be shot dead by firing squads on the same night as nine other drug dealers . Family members of Australian death row prisoners Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- pictured -RRB- leave Nusakambangan prison island after visiting the two prisoners in Batu or ` stone ' prison on March 9 this year . On Sunday , Jakarta 's Catholic Archbishop , Ignatius Suharyo Hardjoatmodjo , told reporters he was saddened by Indonesia 's use of the death penalty , which he described as a ` failure of humanity ' . Also distressing for the archbishop was the severe treatment of Chan and Sukumaran when they were moved last month from their Bali jail cells to Nusakambangan , which involved a fighter jet escort . ` These men were handcuffed , was it necessary to be guarded by Sukhoi ? ' he told reporters after his Easter Sunday service . Surrounded by armed police officers officers and on the road of no return , 33-year-old Australia Myuran Sukumaran looks up at Bali police commissioner Djoko Hariutomo who posed with the two condemned Australians before their take off from Denpasar airport for the two hour flight to ` death island ' A smiling Djoko Hariutomo , the police commissioner of the Balinese capital of Denpasar , poses for a photo with his hand upon the shoulder of condemned prisoner Andrew Chan inside the plane before take off for the Australian Bali Nine kingpin 's final flight to the island where he will be executed . ` For me that 's not strictness , for me that 's very saddening because it 's obvious that power wants to show itself and human dignity is not cherished . ' Jakarta is awaiting all of the 10 prisoners in line for the firing squad to run out of options for court appeals before setting a date for their executions . Sukumaran and Chan are facing execution alongside Filipino woman Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso , French citizen Serge Areski Atlaoui , Ghanaian citizen Martin Anderson and the only Indonesian citizen among the group Zainal Abidin bin Mgs Mahmud Badarudin . Also facing the firing squad with the two Australians is Raheem Agbaje Salami , a Nigerian holding a Spanish passport , Brazilian citizen Rodrigo Gularte and Nigerian citizens Sylvester Obiekwe Nwolise and Okwudili Oyatanze . Seven of the convicted drug dealers facing death are -LRB- top row from left -RRB- Australians Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan , Frenchman Serge Atlaoui and Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte and -LRB- bottom row from left -RRB- Nigerian Raheem Agbaje Salami , Filipina Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso , and Nigerian Silvester Obiekwe Nwolise .