Neuroscientists have succeeded in creating ` ghosts ' in the laboratory by tricking the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected ` presence ' in the room . The spooky experiment which conjured up a ghostly illusion in the laboratory has proved once and for all that it 's only our mind playing tricks . The invisible , creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain , the researchers say . Scroll down for video . The scientists say the experiment that what some people believe to be a ghostly presence is just a trick of the brain . ` This confirms that it is caused by an altered perception of their own bodies in the brain , ' said Professor Olaf Blanke of the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne -LRB- EPFL -RRB- in Switzerland . Blindfolded and wearing ear-plugs , test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device . Behind them , the robotic device reproduced their movements and touched them on the back . When conducted in real time , the participant 's brain could adapt and recognize it as their own movement because of the synchronized movement . However , when the scientists introduced a temporal delay of just a few milliseconds , the distorting of temporal and spatial perception induced the ` ghostly ' feeling . The sensation was re-created by researchers using a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers . Under normal circumstances the brain is able to form a unified self-perception , but lead researcher Olaf Blanke explained that when this malfunctions the brain creates a second representation of its body . ` Most of the research predicts that we can not tickle ourselves because our brain precisely predicts of one hand , of my hand , touching my body or touching one or another position . However , if this is not fully integrated because I 'm doing it or if I can not correctly predict because somebody else were to touch me ; in those cases of uncertainty , very often in those cases of double touch , the response is that you feel ticklish or tickled by somebody else , ' said Blanke who is leading the research at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne , Switzerland -LRB- EPFL -RRB- . The findings appear to explain the common experience people have of feeling an unseen presence , even a guardian angel , demon or apparition stalking their movements . These are frequently reported by people in extreme physical or emotional situations , such as mountaineers and explorers , or those grieving for a lost loved one . They are also associated with medical conditions that affect the brain , including epilepsy , migraine , schizophrenia and cancer . Blanke 's team began by analyzing the brains of 12 patients with neurological disorders who have reported having such a secondary representation of their body , in other words a ghost sensation . MRI scans revealed abnormalities with three brain regions involved in self-awareness , movement and the sense of position in space . These brain regions together contribute to multi sensory signal processing , important for the perception of one 's own body . The scientists then conducted an experiment to ` trigger ' a similar neurological sensation in healthy subjects . Blindfolded and wearing ear-plugs , test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device . Behind them , the robotic device reproduced their movements and touched them on the back . When conducted in real time , the participant 's brain could adapt and recognize it as their own movement because of the synchronized movement . However , when the scientists introduced a temporal delay of just a few milliseconds , the distorting of temporal and spatial perception induced the ` ghostly ' feeling . ` We built a robot which allows us to distort this signal , which makes it hard - or impossible actually - our robot makes it impossible for our healthy subjects now to predict those signals . Artificial ` ghosts ' have been conjured up by scientists in an experiment so spooky that two participants asked for it to stop . By having signals mixed up in their brains -LRB- shown -RRB- , volunteers were made to feel that a creepy ` presence ' was behind them . They counted up to four phantoms positioned where no-one was standing . ` And one side effect of this was , instead of saying that I 'm touching myself or that I 'm touching with my index finger my own body ; subjects reported in those scenarios where we distorted the signal that somebody else was touching them . ` And this somebody else ; actually some subjects reacted very strongly and they reported that not only that somebody else was touching them , but somebody else was also present . ` So strong , that some of them decided not to finish the experiment , ' said Blanke . The robot creates a disconnect between the movements subjects make and the sensations they were expecting , mixing up ` sensorimotor ' brain signals of individuals so that their brains no longer recognized input signals as belonging to their own body . Blanke said the system mimics the sensations of some patients with mental disorders or of healthy individuals under extreme circumstances . The study , published in Current Biology , said that ` simple sensorimotor conflicts induced , in healthy subjects , an experience that shares crucial aspects with positive , first-rank symptoms in schizophrenia ' . Blanke says the main aim of the study is to better understand some of the symptoms of neurological or psychiatric conditions , such as schizophrenia . He hopes the research could lead to a similar robotic system that does n't induce neurological symptoms , but helps patients overcome such sensations . ` We are very interested in pursuing this line of work to build similar robotic devices based on our prototype that do not induce psychotic symptoms in healthy subjects but a similar robot that could be used to down regulate psychotic symptoms in actual patients . ' Here an unamed participant takes part in the experiment . The robot made humans feel the illusory presence of a non-existent ` ghost ' . The study was conducted on 12 individuals with various neurological conditions such as epilepsy , stroke , migraine and tumours . Such therapies , he says , could include a wearable device that would help neurological patients down-regulate - or reduce - these feelings ; in effect a device to reverse the sensations they created in the lab . ` A more future version we are still working on at the moment could be a completely wearable set-up of the device that you have seen . So this is something that the patient will have maybe inserted in his clothes ; smart textiles in a way . And should there be strong manifestations in this case , one could provide feedback in a way that is now not optimized to induce such a psychotic state but to dis-regulate or to down-regulate such a state . ' Two of the 12 healthy participants were so disturbed by the experience that they asked the scientists to halt the experiment , the results of which appear in the journal Current Biology .