University students who smoke cannabis can expect to get lower grades across the board but especially if they are studying maths , a new study has revealed . Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland , where cannabis is decriminalised , have shown that students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . At the same time , foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average , the Observer reported . The study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legislation of cannabis around the world . Economists Olivier Marie from the Dutch University and Ulf Zölitz of IZA made their findings based on what happened in Maastricht in 2011 when the city let only German , Dutch and Belgian nationals have access to its 13 coffee shops , where cannabis was sold . The restriction was put in place to combat drug tourism which was thought to be tarnishing the city 's image . Tourists particularly from France and Luxembourg were visiting Masstricht solely to smoke cannabis . Marie and Zölitz studied the 54,000 sets of grades from students all around the world and came to a stark conclusion . In a paper recently unveiled at the Royal Economic Society conference in Manchester the economists showed plainly that those without easy access to the drug did better in their studies on average . The temporary prohibition constrained consumption amongst the non-German , Dutch and Belgian nationals and their brain function improved . Students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . Marie was quoted as saying the difference was found to be similar to those observed in the US when students reach legal drinking age . The change before and after restriction was seen to be even more pronounced amongst ` low achievers ' . Without access to cannabis they had a 7.6 percent chance of passing the courses . The pair also came to stark conclusions when looking at stats for maths students . For those courses numerical skills the policy effect was ` five times larger ' . For those stuying courses with numerical skills the policy effect was ` five times larger ' , the Maastricht University -LRB- pictured -RRB- study stark concluded . While there is increasing clamour for the legalisation of cannabis across the world , the economists say there is very little evidence of how the drug -- which has been linked to psychosis -- affects society . Coffee shops may start to spring up in Berlin with Uruguay planning to be the first country to fully legalise the drug . The drug study says : ` If marijuana is legalised like it is in many states in the US , we should at least inform consumers about the negative consequences of their drug choices . ' Consuming THC -- tetrahydrocannabinol -- the active ingredient in Cannabis is much the same as drinking pure vodka it concludes . Marie , a father , said the study has informed how he advises his own 13-year-old son , about cannabis and he shares the findings as a precautionary measure . The economists say there is little evidence of how the drug , linked to psychosis , affects wider society .