A volleyball-playing feline was picked to star in a national TV advert after seeing off competition from thousands of gifted animals . Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook . The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the one-year-old cat playing with 15-year-old Joshua Teague . Joshua 's dad Phil , 56 , a computer programmer , bought the cat with his wife Christine , 45 , when she was eight-weeks-old in December 2013 from a seller who lived in Birmingham . Mimi was picked to star in the TV advert , which was broadcast last Wednesday -LRB- 15 -RRB- , after Phil shared the video with the Pets at Home Facebook group earlier this month . He said : ` All the family were really excited to see the advert . Mimi the cat appears in a 30-second video showing her unique ball skills . ` We had everyone around so we could watch it together and we told all our friends that it was going to be on . ` I am really proud that our video was chosen out of thousands of entries . ` It was completely by chance that I uploaded the video on to the Pets At Home Facebook page . The cat is seen playing volleyball with 15-year-old Joshua Teague in the hallway . Mimi was picked to star in the TV advert after Phil shared the video with the Pets at Home Facebook group . ` I just saw something on there asking people to share videos and pictures of their pets so that 's what I did . I did n't even realise it was a competition . ` The video showed Mimi playing volleyball with my son where he would throw the ball at her and she would keep batting it back . ` I had no idea it was competition so I thought it was a joke when I received an email on April 1 saying our video had been chosen for a national commercial . Mimi is seen in the video batting the ball back to Joshua every time he throws it her way . ` This kind of thing just never happens . ` She is a very talented cat . She has done many times since . ` I think she could get her own TV show . ' Administrative assistant Christine said : ` I did n't even know Phil had uploaded the video on Facebook so I thought it was an April Fools ' joke when he told me about it . ` We normally just skip the adverts when we watch programmes but we made sure to watch this one . ` Although she 's only in the advert for a few seconds , it 's nice to see her on it . ` I never thought when I filmed the video that it would end up on TV . '