More than 20,000 pupils passed ten or more GCSEs with either an A or an A * grade between 2009 and 2013 , Department for Education statistics reveal . The number of teenagers getting straight As at GCSE has soared by a third in just five years , new figures show . More than 20,000 children passed ten or more with either an A or an A * grade , Department for Education statistics reveal . But critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy . The latest figures show that one in 30 pupils who sat the exams ended up with at least ten A grades . In 2009 , the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791 . This rose to 16,983 in 2010 , 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012 . In 2013 , the latest year for which figures are available , 20,307 received As across the board . The figures suggest Britain 's most able students are increasingly getting top marks in all subjects . GCSE grades are used by universities to decide who to admit to courses , along with personal statements and references . However , as a greater proportion of pupils is classified as excellent , it is harder for top universities such as Oxford and Cambridge to identify truly exceptional youngsters . And while British results appear to be improving for some pupils , the country is slipping behind other nations when measured using international tests . Results published just over a year ago showed British teenagers dropped out of the top 20 rankings in maths , science and reading for the first time . Tests on more than half a million pupils worldwide found those in Vietnam , Shanghai and Poland had a much better command of core subjects . Children in the Chinese city of Shanghai were three years ahead of their British counterparts by 15 . Overall , the UK came 26th out of 65 countries and economic regions in the report by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development . Christopher McGovern , chairman of the Campaign for Real Education , said : ` Sadly , grade inflation has devalued GCSEs to such an extent that any pass below a B has become little more than a certificate of incompetence . Critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy . GCSE grades are used by universities to decide who to admit to courses -LRB- file picture -RRB- . ` International comparisons of educational attainment , very serious concerns expressed by employers and the fact that many universities now have to put on remedial catch-up courses for new undergraduates , all point to a disastrous dumbing down of standards . ' The Coalition tried to halt grade inflation by making qualifications more rigorous , but many reforms are still being implemented . A Conservative Party spokesman said : ` Importantly , while overall results are up , the attainment gap between disadvantaged pupils and peers is closing . ' Meanwhile , it emerged yesterday that teenagers applying to university had their details wrongly passed to advertisers , the data protection watchdog ruled yesterday . The university admissions service UCAS broke the law by signing youngsters up to receive adverts about mobile phones , energy drinks and other products . The practice earned UCAS more than £ 12million in a year , but , the Information Commissioner 's Office found it broke marketing rules and told it to change its procedures .