Angelique Kerber rallied past Madison Keys to win the Family Circle Cup on Sunday , capturing six of the last seven games for a 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 victory . This was Kerber 's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013 . The German broke serve five times against an opponent who had n't lost serve all week . Kerber fell to the ground and covered her face in celebration when Keys ' final shot sailed long . Kerber had defeated friend , countrywoman and defending champion Andrea Petkovic in the semifinals . Angelique Kerber -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates her victory in Charleston with the local ball boys and girls . Kerber kisses the trophy after emerging victorious in the final of the Family Circle Cup . Kerber trailed 4-1 in the final set , with the 20-year-old American using a strong serve to build what looked like a solid lead . The German won 12 of the next 16 to tie the match . Keys moved in front once more at 5-4 before Kerber took control for good . Kerber won the next game at love , then rallied from 40-0 down to break serve and pull ahead . Keys made four straight errors in the final game to give Kerber the match . Keys , seeded seventh , entered the final on a strong run . She had dominated four opponents in reaching her first clay-court final . But Kerber was just as relentless at keeping the ball in play and counting on Keys ' aggressiveness to lead to mistakes on the slow surface . Keys finished with 57 unforced errors , nearly three times as many as Kerber 's 21 . Kerber sits on the court in apparent disbelief after she clinched victory in a pulsating final . Keys gets tangled up on the court before going on to lose a tight three-set final . A general view of the main court in Charleston during the final of the Family Circle Cup . Kerber broke serve three times in a surprisingly quick opening set . Keys found her footing in the second set to tie the match . She moved Kerber from side to side and used her powerhouse forehand to gain control . That continued into the third set and she built a 4-1 lead . Keys consistently hit serves topping 100 mph . Her consistency , though , did n't match Kerber 's . Keys made only 66 percent of her first serves while Kerber proved steady at 83 percent . It was the second straight knockdown final for Keys and Kerber . Keys outlasted the German in three sets to win her only WTA title , at Eastbourne last June . Kerber stretches out to her right to play a backhand during the match . Keys shows her frustrations after hitting a bad shot in the final on Sunday .