An adaptor that allows colour blind people to enjoy TV without a loss of detail is seeking funding on Kickstarter . Called Eye2TV , it adjusts colours in the image so that shows look ` normal ' , even if features colours such as red and green that would otherwise not be visible . And the subtle effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture , so people can easily watch TV together . Scroll down for video . Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness . Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor -LRB- shown in illustration -RRB- . A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment . It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise could n't . The team from the University of East Anglia in Norwich is seeking £ 100,000 -LRB- $ 150,000 -RRB- of funding to get their project of the ground . At the moment you can buy a single adaptor with a Bluetooth remote control for £ 50 -LRB- $ 75 -RRB- , with shipping expected in May 2016 . The device uses a patented Eyeteq algorithm to automatically adjust the picture , with a variety of settings available until optimal picture quality is found . The video is enhanced on a frame-by-frame basis through Spectral Edge 's patented Eyeteq image enhancement technology , offering a dramatically improved viewing experience . The picture quality can be adjusted via remote control to suit the unique colour-vision of the individual viewer . To make the effect work , they created a small gadget that plugs into the HDMI port of a TV or monitor . You then plug another device into the adaptor and , using an app or remote , adjust the colour settings on whatever you are watching . It works with any HD-ready screen , such as a TV or a computer monitor . It charges using a USB cable , which can be plugged into a spare USB port or into a plug . And the goal is to enable people of all sight levels to enjoy shows . At the moment , more than 90 per cent of forms of colour blindness are supported . Around four per cent of the world 's population suffers from colour blindness . Their viewing experience is particularly affected when watching particular content types . For example , it can be difficult to tell sports teams apart , particularly if one is playing in red and the other in green , while programmes about wildlife , cookery and art are severely impacted . ` A 2014 Champions League football match between an all red and an all green football team -LSB- Liverpool and Ludogrets -RSB- was unwatchable for colour blind fans , ' explained Christopher Cytera , Managing Director of Spectral Edge , the spin-off company of the university developing the product . But with Eye2TV , the same match could have been watched by people who were colour blind and not alike . The team also says nature shows are difficult to watch , as they often mix colours that are indistinguishable to people who are colour blind . A Champions League football match between Liverpool and Ludogrets on 16 September 2014 -LRB- pictured -RRB- was criticised because the teams played in red and green , making it difficult from people who suffered from colour blindness to watch the match . With Eye2TV , the same match could have been watched by people who were colour blind and not alike . On the left is the regular version , while on the right is the subtle changes made by the Eyeteq algorithm . Another example is shown here , with the regular spider on the left and an enhanced version right . Playing video games which feature predominantly red or green characters and those with subtle colour differences between good guys and monsters is also difficult . ` The inability to enjoy watching TV or to play video games alongside friends and family is a major frustration to those suffering from colour blindness , significantly impacting their quality of life , ' added Mr Cytera . ` Our image enhancement technology is proven to solve this major accessibility issue , and the Eye2TV adapter is poised to transform how colour blind people , and their families , watch TV and video content . ` By launching the project on Kickstarter we can accelerate bringing our technology to the consumer electronics market , giving those with colour blindness the chance to become early adopters and improve their viewing experience . ' The company also has an app that is available , enabling people to view content on their smartphone or tablet that they would otherwise not be able to see .