Veteran airman Andrew Danziger claims to have seen a UFO . A veteran pilot , who flew President Obama 's campaign plane , has revealed that he has seen a UFO flying through the sky . Andrew Danziger claimed that virtually all airmen believe in unidentified flying objects and that he had his own close encounter in the cockpit between Kansas and Iowa in April 1989 . The aircraft captain said the UFO initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a ` giant red ball . ' The aviator , who has 28 years of cockpit experience , said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing below the clouds , according to the New York Daily News . Mr Danziger recalled that his plane had left Kansas City International Airport and reached the cruising altitude of 15,000 feet when he first saw a ` white disc ' clearly visible through the clouds . He explained that the Captain of the aircraft , named only as Bruce , also spotted the foreign object that appeared similar to the moon . Despite , both of the men having a number of years of experience behind them they could not identify the mystery gizmo that was visible for around 40 minutes . As the pair began their decent into Waterloo , Iowa , Mr Danziger said the UFO suddenly changed colour . ` I yelled to Bruce , `` Holy s *** , '' he told the newspaper . ` Above the clouds , where the white disc had been , was a now giant red ball . ' He said the bright disc appeared to hover above the clouds . Mr Danziger , who flew Barack Obama during his 2008 election campaign , recalled the object flying in the same direction as his aircraft for around 30 seconds before it vanished like the ` setting sun . ' The experienced airman said most pilots have reported similar sightings -LRB- file picture -RRB- . A series of flashing lights were then visible through the clouds , according to the pilot who has flown Boeing aircraft . The men later informed the National UFO Report Centre of the sighting and it was stressed to the pair that countless pilots have witnessed similar objects in the sky . ` While neither of us had any idea what we had saw one thing we were certain of , it was n't from here , ' the North American Airlines captain told the New York Daily News . ` I 'm not going too far out on a ledge to say that virtually all pilots believe in UFOs . '