An artist with a surreal take on the natural world uses Photoshop to create whimsical , mind-bending pictures that would give Salvador Dali a run for his money . Anil Saxena , from Mumbai , uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra 's stripes on the line to dry to a pair of hands knitting a green field . He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques , saying : ` If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed , I 'm doing my job well . ' A woman in a colourful sari hangs up a zebra 's stripes on a washing line . The photographer who has a background in graphic design and CGI , initially retouched his pictures by hand . Once he started digital retouching he was able to turn his pictures into more complex flights of fancy . According to his biography on Design Taxi , the artist , says the real work begins when ` lesser mortals might think that the image is just perfect . ' The art website Behance says : ` Anil enjoys developing stunning imagery . He believes colour grading is paramount . ' A painter colours a giraffe as he leans a ladder against the animal . A sink is utilised as a swimming pool by a group of tiny people . Anil 's photo manipulations blend the everyday with the bizarre , such as a man in a boiler suit climbing a ladder to paint a giraffe 's distinctive coat pattern . In another a crystal swimming pool in which beautiful people lounge in bikinis or take a dip , is realised as a sink and instead of a giant diving board , they 're all underneath a huge chrome tap . In other images there 's the juxtaposition of indoors and outside , so a woman 's bed piled with feature duvets and pillows is standing on dunes by the sea - rather than in her bedroom . A picture called ` Bring Home Nature , Bring Home Joy , features a man riding a bicycle with a whole tree in his bike 's basket , which sheds leaves against the setting sun . A woman is overjoyed to find her bed in the middle of nature , by the sea . A man on a bike carries a tree in his basket in this image called ` Bring home nature , bring home joy ' A couple sit and admire a setting sun by their parked bikes ... on top of a forest . A pair of newlyweds have a moment by a lush four poster bed in a field by some trees . The top of a forest is expertly blended with a grass meadow in another shot . At first glance it appears that a couple are relaxing together on the grass , look closer and it 's clear that they are in fact sitting on dense tree tops . In an amusing image , a pair of giant hands are seen to be knitting a green textured field . The neat rows of crops extend outwards to the horizon but in the foreground , the knitter holds up the green yarn with its neat knit-purl stitching visible underneath it . Hands knit a blanket field using green yarn . Anil tweeted this image with the words : ` Go Green ' Two idealistic worlds appear at once , as if on two levels of a bunk bed . A group of women dressed in colourful saris collect water from a giant green bottle . A photograph of Indian women dressed in saris collecting water to bring home is given a surreal edge . Rather than visiting the local well , river or other natural water source , the women are seen scaling a steep ladder to reach a platform on the top of a huge green bottle full of water . In a shot titled , ` Destiny favors those who make their own path ' , a motorway is being lain on the road from a giant tape dispenser , wielded by a huge hand . Following a similar theme , in another shot a couple lay down rolls of paper printed with road markings in the middle of the desert . A miniature man grooms a young man 's brows using a lawnmower . A giant hand holds a tape dispenser emitting the grey tarmac road being laid down . A couple lay down rolls of tarmac printed on paper on a desert road . A man installs a mural of the sea in the middle of the desert , creating an idyllic beach view . The beautiful sea view is in fact an artificial backdrop fixed to free-standing poles on an otherwise bare desert landscape in another picture . In the foreground , a man is up a step ladder fixing the ` view ' in place while the tools of his trade lie on the sand . And a scene of hot air balloons floating over green fields and hills is not all it seems , formed of red onion ` ballons ' , broccoli floret ` trees ' and potato ` hills ' . Red onions take the place of hot air balloons as potatoes and broccoli make up the land below . A little girl flies a kite in a field ... or is it a broom ? Street workmen install a quaver in a series of musical notes along an electric transmission line .