One-eyed police murderer Dale Cregan -LRB- above -RRB- is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved from prison to a secure psychiatric hospital . One-eyed police murderer Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital . The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester , formerly Strangeways , a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell , sources said . But in a desperate attempt to get himself moved Cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012 , has apparently stopped eating . He is hoping to be transferred from the Category A prison to Ashworth Hospital , a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull , Merseyside , the Daily Star Sunday reported . Before the fallout sources told the Star that Cregan had an enhanced status and was allowed additional time in the games area and yard , as well as a flat-screen TV and DVD player in his room . But the benefits were taken off him after he was caught smuggling for a second time . ` Cregan has burned all his bridges in here , ' the source said . ` He has not eaten since he was sent into segregation . That is 30 days of not eating . ' Ashworth hospital offers comfortable bedrooms and patients are allowed personal items such as CDs , photos and books . Art and music workshops , pottery and cooking classes , and social events such as bingo and film nights are also offered to the patients . Cregan went on the run in 2012 after murdering David Short , 46 , and his son Mark , 23 , in a bar fight . The killer , who lost an eye in a separate brawl , lured officers Bone and Hughes into his house four months later with a fake 999 call . The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester -LRB- above -RRB- , formerly Strangeways , a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell , sources said . He was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone -LRB- left -RRB- and Nicola Hughes -LRB- right -RRB- in 2012 . He fired 32 bullets at the women while they stood on his doorstep before throwing a grenade at them . He was convicted of all four murders and the attempted murder of three others in a high profile court case at Preston Crown Court in 2013 . The Ministry of Justice said it does not comment on individual cases .