As the final episodes of Poldark approach , men across the nation have longed for respite from the hysteria over heartthrob Aidan Turner . But the bad news -- for them , at least -- is that any well-earned break wo n't last for long . TV chiefs yesterday announced the Cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes after it helped BBC1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade . Scroll down for video . Fans , rejoice ! Aidan Turner has been signed up for a second series of BBC period drama Poldark . BBC1 boss Charlotte Moore confirmed that Turner 's broody Ross would return for another series , alongside actress Eleanor Tomlinson , who plays love interest -- and now wife -- Demelza . ` I can exclusively announce that Sunday night 's new phenomenon Poldark that has captured the nation 's hearts has been commissioned for a second series , ' Mrs Moore said , adding that the series had helped BBC1 to an ` outstanding start ' this year . About 8.1 million people on average have watched each episode , helping the flagship BBC channel attract more than a quarter of television viewers in evenings , when the battle for attention is most competitive . The series , based on Winston Graham 's novels , follows Ross Poldark after he returns from the American War of Independence only to find that his father has died and his former fiancée , Elizabeth , has married another man . There are 12 Poldark books in total , seven of which are set in the 18th century . The other five then follow Poldark 's children through the 19th century . The first series of Poldark , written by Debbie Horsfield , covers the first of Mr Graham 's two novels , named after Ross Poldark and Demelza . Successful role : Aidan has won legions of dedicated fans since stripping off as the swoon-worthy Captain Ross Poldark in the revival of the 1970s TV show . The second series will move on to the third and fourth books , named after their child , Jeremy , and scheming banker George Warleggan . Women up and down the country watched on tenterhooks as Poldark 's affections shifted to his kitchen maid Demelza . But it is the scenes featuring Turner in a state of undress which sent them into the biggest frenzy . Many have taken to Twitter to express their approval whenever he appears without his shirt -- working with a scythe in the fields or swimming naked in the sea . ` If Poldark gets any hotter we 'll have to call the fire brigade , ' one viewer commented . The current show , with the sixth episode of eight this weekend , has not reached the popularity of the 1970s adaptation , which brought in 15million viewers . Hard worker : The 31-year-old actor recently admitted that working on his honed physique came as a challenge to him , so he 'll have to get back to the gym ahead of the second series . Popular : Poldark has garnered audiences of around 8m every Sunday night .