When Destiny 's Child reunited at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend , it was the first time Beyoncé , Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at Super Bowl in 2013 in New Orleans . Beyoncé and Kelly joined Michelle to surprise the crowd , and opened the broadcast with a gospel medley that included the song ` Alpha & Omega ' and the hit single ` Say Yes ' from Michelle 's ` Journey To Freedom ' CD . The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd , but they were n't introduced as Destiny 's child - they were introduced by their individual names . Scroll down for video . Nameless : Singers Michelle Williams , Kelly Rowland and Beyonce performing `` Say Yes '' during the 30th Annual Stellar Awards in Las Vegas last week . The singers did not refer to themselves as Destiny 's Child . Touchdown : Destiny 's Child perform during the Pepsi Super Bowl XLVII Halftime Show in 2013 . Daily Mail Online has learned exclusively that the threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to cut a reunion album - but they wo n't use the group name for that either . And it 's all by design . ` Alhough Destiny 's Child is made up of the three ladies , Beyoncé 's father and former manager Mathew Knowles owns one-fourth of the group as well . Anytime they do anything under the name Destiny 's Child , he has involvement in it and money from it , ' a source close to the group reveals to Daily Mail Online . None of the members of Destiny 's Child want any involvement with Mathew , who once managed each of their individual careers as well as the group . Kelly was first to fire him in 2009 , Michelle followed in 2010 and Beyoncé finally nixed all dealings with her dad after accusations of stealing money from her in 2011 . Mathew 's marriage to Beyoncé 's mother Tina Knowles ended after it surfaced he had gotten a woman named Alexsandra Wright pregnant . Once she gave birth to their son Nixon , Tina filed for divorce . In 2014 , it was revealed that Mathew fathered a second child , a four-year-old daughter named Koi . ` That it was claimed Mathew stole money from Beyoncé and then he sued to prove that he did n't was bad enough . But all of the extramarital affairs and children outside the marriage just made it so that Beyoncé does n't have anything to do with her dad at all , ' the source explained . Before the split : Destiny 's Child and Matthew Knowles pose for a portrait October 30 , 2000 in Houston . In late 2012 , Beyoncé invited her dad to meet daughter Blue Ivy and to have a conversation with him that was chronicled for her HBO documentary , ` Beyoncé : Life Is But a Dream . ' But after that , says the source , she stopped communicating with him again and his only access to her is via her assistant 's work email address . The trio 's unwillingness to deal with Mathew is why they keep putting off a Destiny 's Child reunion album and tour . Their 2005 Destiny Fulfilled tour grossed approximately $ 70.8 million in the U.S. alone and according to Billboard it was the highest-grossing tour for either a pop or r & b band since TLC 's FanMail Tour . Beyoncé , Kelly and Michelle wanted to record a 10-year follow-up CD and launch a tour . They know both the album and tour could a huge seller and break tour records . ` The problem is they ca n't figure out how to nix Mathew from the deal . They all want more than anything to give the fans one last run of the group , especially since they all have their own individual success , but do n't want to deal with Mathew , ' the source explained . It 's unlikely that Mathew would allow the women to cut any deals without him . His financial problems have been widely reported over the last year . Having once earned millions of dollars , Mathew told a court during a child support hearing in 2014 that he only made $ 127K in 2013 and has expenses of at $ 51,000 a month . Destiny 's Child first album debuted in 1998 . In late 2012 , Beyoncé invited her dad to meet daughter Blue Ivy and to have a conversation with him that was chronicled for her HBO documentary . But after that , says the source , she stopped communicating . Last December photos emerged of a huge garage sale he was having in Houston , where selling both Beyoncé and old Destiny 's Child memorabilia to raise money . ` At best they maybe could offer him a flat rate or one-time settlement to buy out his portion of the group , but otherwise we may never get a Destiny 's Child reunion because none of them want him to benefit financially , ' the source concluded . Destiny 's Child made their debut in 1998 with their self-titled release . The group then consisted of Beyoncé , Kelly , LaTavia Roberson and LeToya Luckett . In 1999 , Mathew kicked out LaTavia and LeToya and replaced them with Michelle and a short-lived member Farrah Franklin -LRB- she barely lasted three months -RRB- before settling in as a trio . They would release four additional albums ; win three Grammy Awards and go on to sell more than 60 million records worldwide . Mathew Knowles financial problems have been widely reported over the last year . Having once earned millions of dollars , Mathew told a court during a child support hearing in 2014 that he only made $ 127K in 2013 and has expenses of at $ 51,000 a month . Last December photos emerged of a huge garage sale Knowles was having in Houston , where selling both Beyoncé and old Destiny 's Child memorabilia to raise money . Giant Beyonce posters sold for $ 200 . T-shirts for sale : . After their breakup in 2005 , Beyoncé became an international pop star with five solo albums releases and 17 Grammy wins . In addition to starring in movies like Dreamgirls , Obsessed , The Pink Panther and Cadillac Records ; Beyoncé and her husband Jay-Z became friends of President Barack and Michelle Obama . Kelly first became a top-selling European music superstar before finding solo success in the U.S. with hit singles like ` When Love Takes Over ' and ` Motivation . ' With four solo albums under her belt , she 's won a Grammy Award as a solo artist and became a judge for both Simon Cowell 's The X Factor UK and The X Factor US editions . Michelle was has released three chart-topping Gospel CDs and dance album called ` Unexpected . ' She 's also starred in multiple Broadway productions including Aida , The Color Purple , Chicago , and Fela ! . In addition to co-hosting Oxygen 's Fix My Choir series , she 's been named a frontrunner as a new co-host for ABC 's The View .