Dapper Laughs , the controversial persona previously ` killed off ' by disgraced comedian Daniel O'Reilly , has arrived Down Under -- chatting up air hostesses and mocking airport cleaners along the way . The British star , who came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was ` gagging for a rape ' , documented his journey to Sydney , via Doha and Melbourne , in a video posted online . Dapper Laughs sprang to fame on video network Vine where he joked about how women could n't resist him and despite his jibes being branded ` sexist ' his latest video shows he has n't changed tact . Scroll down for video . Daniel O'Reilly filmed his journey to Sydney , referring to the air stewardesses -LRB- right -RRB- as ` sweethearts ' , while in character as his laddish alter-ego Dapper Laughs . Dapper Laughs documented his journey to Sydney , via Doha and Melbourne , in various social media posts . In a Snapchat video filmed at Doha airport and posted on his Facebook page he chatted up two female air stewardesses , saying : ` Ooh we 've got some sweethearts there . `` Hi there , '' she knows . ' Referring to a woman at the check in desk , he said : ` Thank God she let me through . Man , she almost did n't let me she said the bad boy in my pants was too big to be concealed as hand luggage . I did n't even have a f *** ing boner . ' O'Reilly 's TV show Dapper Laughs : On The Pull was cancelled by ITV last year after more than 60,000 people signed a petition for it to be axed . UK TV watchdog Ofcom launched an investigation into his show which promoted dubious dating ` advice ' to men including : ` Remember , it 's only sexual harassment if she 's more attractive than you ' . After arriving in Sydney , Dapper Laughs joined backpackers at a bar and joked that one offered him ` head ' Dapper Laughs sprang to fame on video network Vine where he joked about how women could n't resist him . O'Reilly , seen here at the Avengers premiere in Sydney , resurrected his ` ultimate lad ' character on Christmas day . And around 44 comedians signed an open letter condemning O'Reilly for his ` sexist and degrading ' comedy . On BBC2 current affairs show Newsnight in November , O'Reilly declared ` Dapper Laughs is gone ' . And he admitted he had allowed himself to get ` carried away ' with his own success after finding fame on social media . ` It 's completely ruined everything that 's going on with me as a comedian . The bad press and everything that 's happened - it 's wrecked my life to a certain extent , ' he said . However , O'Reilly resurrected his ` ultimate lad ' character on Christmas day with the ominous message that his work ` is n't finished ' yet . And last month he unveiled a pilot for a new TV sitcom idea on his YouTube channel . O'Reilly 's TV show Dapper Laughs : On The Pull was cancelled by ITV last year after more than 60,000 people signed a petition for it to be axed . Around 44 comedians signed an open letter condemning O'Reilly for his ` sexist and degrading ' comedy . In the video about his journey to Australia he joked of the cleaners wearing masks in the airport : ` I 'm here in Doha , all the guys look like Michael Jackson . ' He then asked two security guards : ` Know where there 's a bar ? Have a few beers get some pus . ' ` There are some Americans here , the one in the blue top she 's a sweetheart you know how they like everything bigger here , ' he commented while waiting for his transfer flight . And after touching down in Sydney , Dapper Laughs headed to backpacker bar Scary Canary where he posed with a dozen drinkers , writing on Twitter : ` Said I 'd tweet this for the backpackers in @ScaryCanaryBar Especially the 1 that offerd me head , Sorry I had to shoot -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Daily Mail Australia has contacted Daniel O'Reilly for comment . O'Reilly admitted on BBC Newsnight that he had allowed himself to get ` carried away ' with his own success after finding fame on social media .