Whether it 's a larger-than-life skyline in one of the world 's greatest cities or an endless vista of snow-topped mountains , people are willing to travel across the globe to take in a stunning view . While they provide plenty of memories and keepsake photos , these lofty perches require a head for heights as some of them are extreme enough to make even the heartiest tourists a little queasy . Here are some of the places daredevil holidaymakers should visit if they are looking to take in mind-bending views . Scroll down for video . Brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system . Located in the heart of downtown Toronto , the CN Tower offers sweeping views of Canada 's largest city and Lake Ontario . CN Tower , Toronto . Toronto 's CN Tower is one of Canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years . At 1,815 ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers . It welcomes nearly two million international visitors a year , including the brave souls who dare to walk on its glass floor or around the edge of the main observation pod while tethered to a rail - making it the world 's highest full circle . Known by its formal name of Preikestolen , this steep cliff has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft . To access the square formation of rock , which has breathtaking views of a fjord , visitors must hike more than two miles . Pulpit Rock , Forsand , Norway . Known by its formal name of Preikestolen , this steep cliff has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft. Visitors must hike more than two miles to access the site , which has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers . It should come as no surprise that the square formation of rock is one of Norway 's top tourist draws , with more than 200,000 visitors every year . Visitors to the Grand Canyon were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge until the Skywalk opened . The Grand Canyon Skywalk is nearly 4,000 ft above the floor on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe . Grand Canyon Skywalk , Arizona . For centuries visitors to the Grand Canyon in Arizona were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge . That all changed in 2007 when the Grand Canyon Skywalk opened on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe . The transparent horseshoe-shaped cantilever bridge is nearly 4,000 ft above the floor of the Grand Canyon . Corcovado in central Rio de Janeiro provides amazing vistas of the city 's Atlantic coast and Pao de Acucar -LRB- Sugarloaf Mountain -RRB- . The mountain , located in Tijuca Forest , is best known for Christ the Redeemer , a giant statue of Jesus Christ . Corcovado , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . This mountain in central Rio de Janeiro is best known for Christ the Redeemer , a giant statue of Jesus Christ that looms large over the famous coastal city . But those who have visited will never forget the sweeping views of Rio de Janeiro , including its Atlantic coast and Pao de Acucar -LRB- Sugarloaf Mountain -RRB- . To get to the top of the 2,329 ft mountain , visitors can take a tram or bus and then make the short hike up some steps . Located in the Dachstein Mountains in Austria the Five Fingers viewing platform received its name thanks to its hand-like shape . During the winter the observation platform offers endless panoramas of snow-topped mountains over a drop of 1,300 ft . Five Fingers , Austria . Located in the Dachstein Mountains , this viewing platform received its unusual name thanks to its hand-like shape . Tour guides hail it as the ` most spectacular viewing platform in the Alps ' , with a drop of 1,300 ft. To get there visitors have to walk about 20 minutes from the Krippenstein Station on the cable car line . Visible from Victoria Peak in Hong Kong , the cluster of skyscrapers provide a remarkable light show at night . The mountain , also known as the Peak , is the highest on Hong Kong Island , at 1,811 ft , and is accessible by a tram system . Victoria Peak , Hong Kong . Any travel guide will say that a trip to the top of Victoria Peak , with its impressive panorama of the city , is a must while visiting Hong Kong . The mountain , also known as the Peak , is the highest on Hong Kong Island , at 1,811 ft , and is accessible by a tram system that has been in use for more than 120 years . The cluster of skyscrapers are a jaw-dropping sight in daylight , and they provide a remarkable light show at night . Tour guides insist Knife-Edge Point offers the best views of Victoria Falls , which straddles the borders of Zambia and Zimbabwe . Victoria Falls , one of the seven natural wonders of the world , sends 546 million cubic metres of water plummeting into a gorge . Knife-Edge Point , Zambia . The best vantage point of Victoria Falls , one of the seven natural wonders of the world , is on Knife-Edge Bridge . The falls straddle the borders of Zambia and Zimbabwe in southern Africa , and are the largest in the world based on width and height . This natural wonder sends 546 million cubic metres of water plummeting into a gorge . New York City has one of the most iconic skylines in the world , with the Empire State Building being one of its enduring symbols . The Empire State Building 's 86th floor is home to the highest outdoor observation in New York , offering thrilling views . Empire State Building , New York City . The Big Apple has one of the most iconic skylines in the world , with the Empire State Building being one of its enduring symbols . Designed with Art Deco style the 102-storey skyscraper in midtown Manhattan stands at 1,454 ft -LRB- with its antenna spire -RRB- and was once the tallest building in the world . The 86th floor is home to the highest outdoor observation in New York , offering thrilling views of one of the most visited cities in the world . At 2,080 ft , the Tokyo Skytree , in Sumida , has been the tallest tower in the world since it was completed in 2012 . The broadcasting tower has a restaurant in the sky and two observation decks , plus a shopping complex and aquarium at its base . Tokyo Skytree , Tokyo , Japan . At 2,080 ft , the Tokyo Skytree has been the tallest tower in the world since it was completed in 2012 . The broadcasting tower has a restaurant in the sky and two observation decks , plus a shopping complex and aquarium at its base . One of the decks spans three levels with 360-degree panoramic views of the Japanese city . Aiguille du Midi , a mountain in Mont Blanc range in the French Alps , has a viewing platform and bridge with endless views . To the south-east of Chamonix , the 12,605 ft peak is home to a cafe and gift shop , and attracts nearly half a million visitors each year . Aiguille du Midi , Chamonix , France . Accessible by cable car , Aiguille du Midi , a mountain in Mont Blanc range in the French Alps , has a viewing platform and bridge where visitors can see for miles and miles . To the south-east of Chamonix , the 12,605 ft peak is also home to a cafe and gift shop , and attracts nearly half a million visitors each year . It is the closest point to which thrill-seekers can get to the summit of Mont Blanc without having to hike or climb .