The location is excellent - a trendy borough of London , close to local amenities and a stone 's throw from transport into the city . In your generous double room you would be afforded access to a newly refurbished kitchen and a smart bathroom , which you would share with two young Italian women and an English gentleman . The price ? A mere £ 400 a month . There is just one small catch , however . The ceiling leaks onto the bed - and there does n't seem to be any plan to fix it . Scroll down for video . In an advert posted on Gumtree , the rather honest letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling in the otherwise smart , modern and generous bedroom . A generous double room in Peckham , south-east London , close to amenities and a stone 's thrown from public transport into the city , has been put up for rent for just £ 400 a month . The catch ? The roof leaks . In an advert posted on Gumtree , ` Martin ' informs people looking at the double room , suitable for couples , that there is a leak in the room . He adds : ` Every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling , nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price ' Flat hunters hoping for a bargain in this modern flat in between the newly desirable areas of Peckham and New Cross in south-east London had their expectations thoroughly managed by an honest letting agent . In an advert posted on Gumtree , ` Martin ' informs people looking at the double room , suitable for couples , that there is a leak in the room . He adds : ` Every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling , nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price . ' He makes no mention of plans to fix the leaky ceiling and the flat is in otherwise apparently excellent condition according to a series of pictures accompanying the online advert . In your generous double room you would be afforded access to a smart bathroom , which you would share with two young Italian women and an English gentleman . The kitchen also appears to be smart and well appointed . Gentrification and a booming property market in the capital have made Peckham a desirable location for affluent Londoners with soaring property prices . He was unavailable for comment when contacted by MailOnline . Gentrification and a booming property market in the capital have made Peckham , famously the stomping ground of dodgy entrepreneur Del Boy in TV 's much-loved Only Fools And Horses , a desirable location for affluent Londoners . Over the last year and a half Peckham has witnessed a phenomenal uplift with property prices almost doubling in certain areas . For example in November 2012 , one estate agent sold a three bedroom period mid-terraced home in need of moderate renovation for £ 350,000 . Similar properties on that same street are now on the market for nearly double that .