A new ` landmark ' has mysteriously appeared in Pakistan , according to Google Maps . The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur but residents may not approve of the addition because it is shown urinating on an Apple logo . It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google 's Map Maker , although this has n't been confirmed . The large Android shape -LRB- pictured -RRB- covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan . It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google 's Map Maker , although this has n't been confirmed . These additions are meant to be moderated , but it appears this latest edit was missed . Fan site Cult of Android first spotted the image - at coordinates 33 째 30 ' 52.5 `` N 73 째 03 ' 33.2 `` E - and some reports are calling it a Google Easter Egg . Google often places so-called Easter Eggs , or hidden features , within its maps and search engine such as the recent Pac-Man game . But this is not one of these features , and a Google spokesman told MailOnline : ` We 've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident , and he 'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly . ' Google often places so-called Easter Eggs , or hidden features , within its maps and search engine such as the recent Pac-Man game . But this is not one of these features and it is believed to have instead been added using Google 's Map Maker . Map Maker lets any user add and update map information in Google Maps and Google Earth . It was set up to make Google Maps as accurate as possible by adding details from people who actually live in the area . Edits can be made in more than 200 countries and are designed to show businesses , addresses , roads , railways , and paths as well as natural or political features - not necessarily drawings such as the urinating Android . The image appears on both the desktop and mobile version of maps but disappears in satellite view . It was still visible at the time of writing , but may be removed soon . Google 's Map Maker lets any user add and update map information for millions of people to see in Google Maps and Google Earth . It was set up to make Google Maps as accurate as possible by adding details from people who actually live in the area . Edits can be made in more than 200 countries and are designed to show businesses , addresses , roads , railways , and paths as well as natural or political features - not necessarily drawings such as the urinating Android . These additions are meant to be moderated and reviewed , but it appears this latest edit was missed . As was another addition , spotted by a MailOnline reader in the Takht Pari Forest . This particular image reads : ` Google review policy is c *** ' and is accompanied by a sad face . This only appears when the location is zoomed in a certain amount , but disappears at higher levels . Google famously added a ` jet pack ' option in the directions between Beijing and Tokyo , as well If you 're struggling to get through the work day , then Google Maps can help . More recently it transformed the Pegman in Street View into the Loch Ness Monster when images of the waterway were added to the collection . Fan site Cult of Android first spotted the image - at coordinates 33 째 30 ' 52.5 `` N 73 째 03 ' 33.2 `` E - and it appears on both the desktop and mobile version -LRB- pictured -RRB- of maps . A Google spokesman told MailOnline : ` We 've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident , and he 'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly ' However , the image disappears when the map is switch to satellite view . Map Maker lets any user add and update map information in Google Maps and Google Earth.It was set up to make Google Maps as accurate as possible by adding details from people who actually live in the area . Another addition , spotted by a MailOnline reader in the Takht Pari Forest . This particular image reads : ` Google review policy is c *** ' and is accompanied by a sad face . Earlier this month to mark April Fool 's day , the search engine let users play Pac-Man through the virtual streets of their hometown , or anywhere you 'd like to explore . It has become a tradition for Google to release a game on or before April Fools ' Day . Last year , for instance , the company let users catch Pokemon using its mapping tool . The company also featured an interactive Pac-Man game for its Google Doodle in 2010 , the game 's 30th anniversary . It was the first time Google made an interactive logo at its homepage , which routinely features artistic touches in keeping with holidays or special occasions . Google famously added a ` jet pack ' option in the directions between Beijing and Tokyo , and more recently transformed the Pegman in Street View into the Loch Ness Monster when images of the waterway were added . Earlier this month , the search engine let users play Pac-Man through virtual streets -LRB- pictured -RRB- .