A woman who may be a ` possible DUI driver ' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase , and even stopped at traffic lights , through Los Angeles for almost an hour , officers said . The CHP became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black SUV on a freeway in Orange County around 12:30 pm Wednesday . The woman was ` weaving , accelerating and slowing down , ' according to a tweet by the official CHP Southern Division Twitter . Scroll down for video . A woman who may be a ` possible DUI driver ' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase , that included stopping at traffic lights -LRB- pictured in the black car -RRB- , for almost an hour , officers said . The chase finally came to an end in Pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman 's SUV and sent the car into a slow spin . The woman then exited her vehicle and raised her hands up . Unlike typical police chases , the woman was n't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph , CHP officer Juan Galvan told KTLA . The woman stopped for red lights , but Galvan said she was weaving in and out of traffic lanes and failed to yield when authorities tried to stop her . Patrol officers left their vehicles twice after she halted at two stoplights , but continued their pursuit when she kept on driving , according to NBC Southern California . The chase finally came to an end around 1:15 pm when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman 's SUV - known as a pursuit intervention technique . This sent the car into a slow spin . The woman then exited her vehicle and raised her hands up . She was taken into custody without incident . The woman was ` possibly a DUI driver ' and authorities are currently determining whether alcohol or drugs were a factor in her behavior , according to CHP Officer Edgar Figueroa . The CHP became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black SUV on a freeway in Orange County around 12:30 pm Wednesday .