Mexican restaurant Chipotle has been leaving customers hungry for certain ingredients unsatisfied because not enough farms can meet its strict standards . The fast-casual chain , which plans on having 2,000 stores by the end of the year , removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January , but still does n't have a stable supply of the meat . Chipotle , which dropped one of its pork vendors earlier this year , only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones , though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen . Fast-casual chain Chipotle says that it does not know when it will have enough pork to supply all of its stores with sustainably raised meat for its carnitas burritos -LRB- file photo -RRB- . ` We do n't know for sure when we 'll be fully supplied again , ' Chipotle spokesman Chris Arnold told Bloomberg . The restaurant 's pigs also need access to the outdoors and living spaces with large supplies of straw for their meat to make it into Chipotle burritos , tacos and bowls . Other retailers such as grocery store chain Kroger have begun taking up some of Chipotle 's ethical standards . McDonald 's pledged to stop using chickens treated with antibiotics at its stores in the next two years . The grocer and Dunkin Donuts have both said they will stop using pork from farms with gestation crates , where sows are kept in two-foot wide containers and are repeatedly impregnated without being able to move . The carnitas pork shoulder meat at Chipotle -LRB- pictured in burrito -RRB- comes from pigs that are raised outside or in living spaces with large supplies of straw -LRB- file photo -RRB- . However , fewer than five per cent of pigs in the US are raised in a way that meets Chipotle 's standards , according to CBS . It has been rotating its small supply of pork , of which it uses only pork shoulder , to different stores so that each location can have carnitas at least sometimes . Farmers are wary of the increased production cost for premium , antibiotic-free pork and worry about finding people to pay an appropriate price for the ` premium ' meat after Denver-based Chipotle has the bits it wants . Chipotle said that supply constraints were behind 6.3 per cent price increases last year . As of Thursday morning , its stock price had fallen more than five points since news of the continued shortage was published Wednesday . Chipotle says that constraints on receiving supplies that met their standards led to 6.3 per cent price increases last year -LRB- file photo -RRB- . When sustainably raised beef runs out , the store uses conventionally raised cows , but it views the conditions of factory farmed pigs by the world 's biggest pork producers as particularly bad . Beyond the farming side , regular US pork production was also criticized earlier this year by meat inspectors after several of the nation 's slaughterhouses transferred to a new system that increases the numbers of hogs killed per minute to 1,300 . Whistleblowers from the United States Department of Agriculture said that toenails , hair and fecal matter may be creeping into Americans ' pork under the new regulations . Chipotle 's most popular protein is chicken , with only seven per cent of entree orders calling for carnitas . The restaurant has also warned of possible guacamole shortages .