A woman suffers from a rare medical condition that leaves her unable to recognise her own face in the mirror . Natalie Whitear , 35 , struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd - and walks past lifelong friends in the street . The mother-of-two suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness , which means she is able to recognise objects , but not faces . The condition is so severe that Mrs Whitear ca n't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up from school . Natalie Whitear , 35 , can not recognise herself in the mirror as she suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness . The condition is so severe that Mrs Whitear ca n't recognise her husband Garrick , 39 , or children Mia , eight -LRB- left -RRB- and Eva , three -LRB- right -RRB- . Although she was born with the condition , she was only formally diagnosed around three years ago . Mrs Whitear , from Fareham , Hampshire , said : ` If you asked me to explain what someone looked like I would n't be able to do it . ` I tend to smile at everyone just in case I bump into someone I should recognise . ` I can describe the weight , height , and hair colour of my husband and children , but not their facial features in detail - I remember when my daughter was born I 'd try to memorise her features but it was impossible . ` I love to paint but I 've never been able to draw my husband 's face , I always leave it blank . She continued : ` I was once in a restaurant and for the entire meal I thought the place was twice the size - it was only when I stood up that I realised I 'd been sitting in front of a mirror - I had no idea because I did n't realise that all the faces were the same . ` I recognise people by the way that they walk , what they 're wearing , or their voices . ' Prosopagnosia is a neurological disorder characterised by the inability to recognise people 's faces . Also known as ` face-blindness ' , the severity of the condition depends on the degree of impairment a person suffers . Some people with prosopagnosia may only struggle to recognise a familiar face , while others will be unable to discriminate between unknown faces , and in more severe cases sufferers can not distinguish a face as being different from an object . Some sufferers are unable to recognise their own faces . The condition is not related to memory loss , impaired vision or learning disabilities . It is thought to be the result of abnormalities , damage , or impairment in the right fusiform gyrus - a fold in the brain that appears to coordinate facial perception and memory . Prosopagnosia can result from stroke , traumatic brain injury , or some neurodegenerative diseases . In some cases the condition is congenital , and present at birth . It appears to run in families , which makes it likely to be the result of a genetic mutation or deletion . Some degree of prosopagnosia is often found in children with autism and Asperger 's Syndrome . Treatment of the condition focuses on helping sufferers develop compensatory strategies , including relying on voice recognition , clothing , or unique physical attributes . Source : National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke . Mrs Whitear , mother to daughters Mia , eight , and Eva , three , first became aware of her condition when her boss noticed she was unable to remember people she 'd met before . She said : ` About two or three years ago my boss took me to one side and told me I needed to be more careful with remembering people 's names . ` He said that he 'd seen me introduce myself to people I 'd known for years , and asking who they were . ` I explained to him that I could remember their names , but not their faces - it was only because of his shocked reaction that I suddenly realised that this was not normal . ` I found a test on the internet that asked you to recognise celebrities ' faces and I failed . ` I was then contacted by a psychologist at Bournemouth University who diagnosed me with prosopagnosia , and suddenly everything made sense . ' Looking back , Mrs Whitear realises that the condition has affected her throughout her life . She said : ` When I look back , there have always been signs of the condition but I never even realised . ` I never had posters of famous people on my bedroom wall because I did n't know what they looked like . ` People would say that they 'd stood next to me at a queue in the supermarket but I 'd ignored them , or I 'd walked past friends in the street . ` I 've also always been a nightmare when it comes to watching TV - we watch a lot of box sets but I will get continuously lost and ask over and over who each of the characters is . ` It 's even worse on a period drama where they are all wearing similar clothes . ' Mrs Whitear uses various coping mechanisms to ensure that her face blindness does not affect her daily life . She said : ` I recognise people by what they 're wearing , how they style their hair , or the way they walk . ` The people close to me all look very distinctive - it must have been a subconscious choice . ` My husband is 6ft 4in tall , one of my best friends is Chinese and the other has very long hair , so they 're easy to pick out in a crowd . Mrs Whitear can describe the weight , height , and hair colour of her husband and children , but not their facial features . Once Mrs Whitear 's eldest daughter Mia -LRB- left -RRB- wore her hair pigtails so she did n't recognise her . Another time she did not recognise her daughters when picking them up from school . ` But if someone is wearing something different , or out of context , I wo n't be able to spot them . ` My eldest daughter almost always wears her hair in one long plait , but one morning my mother had dropped her off to school and put her in pigtails - when I came to collect her in the afternoon I did n't know which child she was . ` When Mia was younger she had a full head of brown curly hair , as did one of her friends , so when they were toddlers it was very easy to get them mixed up . ` While I ca n't describe what my family look like , I know the way that they make me feel . ` When I met my husband , I was n't attracted to the way he looks , because I did n't know , but I was attracted to the way I felt when I was with him . Mrs Whitear said : ` While I ca n't describe what my family look like , I know the way that they make me feel ' ` If we go to the cinema together and I go off to the toilet or to get a drink halfway through the film , when I come back into the screening , I 'll always count the seats back to him , rather than look for his face . ' In an attempt to remember faces , Mrs Whitear uses Facebook , and takes lots of pictures of family and friends . She said : ` I use my friends list as a personal database of all of the people I know , in the hope that I can recognise them when I see them in person . ` I take as many pictures as possible to try and remember my children 's expressions . ` I know that the condition is unusual , but I use these various coping mechanisms and I never let it bother me - I 've never known any different . ' Dr Sarah Bate , from the Centre for Face Processing Disorders at Bournemouth University , has carried out research into prosopagnosia . She said : ` It is a cognitive condition characterised by an impairment in face recognition . ` Very rarely some people acquire the condition following neurological trauma , but we 've recently become aware that many more people have a developmental form of prosopagnosia . ` These people have never suffered any neurological damage , and appear to have simply failed to develop the visual mechanisms that are required for face processing . ` Sometimes the condition appears to run in families , and often people report other first-degree relatives who also appear to be poor with faces . ` Recent estimates suggest as many as two per cent of the population -LRB- that 's one in 50 people -RRB- have a degree of face blindness , yet public awareness of the condition remains low . '