The company which owns the Hogwarts Express and offers steam train excursions across some of Britain 's most picturesque routes has been temporarily banned from operating following the ` most serious ' case of a near collision so far this year . Services by West Coast Railways have been suspended following the incident on March 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal . According to reports , a 100mph collision between a steam excursion and a First Great Western high speed train was missed by barely a minute . Scroll down for video . Fanfare : Actor Mark Williams aka Arthur Weasley in Harry Potter films , unveils the Hogwarts Express train at The Harry Potter Studio tour at Leavesden , where it is business as usual this Easter . But West Coast Railways , which own the train that was used in the films , have had services suspended after near miss . The nationwide ban by Network Rail is the first since privatisation , indicating the gravity of the incident . WCR , based in Carnforth , Lancashire , owns a fleet of steam locomotives including Olton Hall , the train used as the Hogwarts Express in the Harry Potter films . The 78-year-old steam train that operated throughout the film franchise was installed at a new extension of the Harry Potter tour at Warner Bros Studios in Leavesden last month . Platform 9 3/4 , which gives Harry Potter fans the chance to climb aboard the train 's carriage and to pose with a luggage trolley as it disappears through the platform wall , is operating as normal . The Network Rail ban means chartered services , including those on the West Highland Line taking in Fort William , and Settle to Carlisle line in the Yorkshire Dales , can not run until May 15 . In the meantime WCR needs to take a number of steps to address Network Rail 's concerns . The suspension notice states : ` Network Rail has had concerns about WCR 's performance of its safety obligations for some time , and recent events lead Network Rail to believe that the operations of WCR are a threat to the safe operation of the railway . ' Network Rail told RAIL magazine that WCR had ` demonstrated that its controls , communication and commitment following the recent -LSB- incident -RSB- were inadequate ' . ` This ranked as the most serious Signal Passed at Danger SPAD that has taken place this year when the industry risk ranking methodology was applied . '