A man who spent 15 years on death row in Alabama has been freed after his conviction was quashed and he struck a bargain with prosecutors . William Ziegler , now 39 , was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001 for killing Russell Allen Baker , an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in Mobile the previous year . However in 2012 his conviction was overturned by Judge Sarah Stewart who blasted his initial trial , pointing out that his lawyers were substandard , a key witness later recounted her testimony , and that a juror lied about his views on the death penalty during selection . William Ziegler , now 39 , was jailed in 2001 -LRB- pictured -RRB- for the killing of Russell Allen Baker , an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in Mobile the previous year . Ziegler -LRB- cetnre , with his mother , second left -RRB- had his conviction for capital murder quashed in 2012 after a judge blasted his initial trial , allowing him to cut a plea deal which saw him walk free today . Today he is a free man again after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder , with the judge sentencing him to the 15 years and 50 days he has already served , Al.com reported . The ruling , which has been hailed by Mr Ziegler 's family , marks the second time in recent weeks that a death row prisoner has walked free . On April 3 Anthony Ray Hinton was released after spending 30 years in jail for a 1985 shooting in which two fast food managers were shot dead . His conviction was overturned after tests on the gun allegedly used in the shooting could n't prove that it was fired during the killings . In Ziegler 's case , he was arrested after the body of Baker was found in a wooded area close to his house in 2000 . Witnesses reported seeing Baker arguing with Ziegler at a party that evening , eventually leading to Ziegler 's conviction , along with two other accomplices . However , that witness , whose evidence was kept secret by prosecutors at Ziegler 's initial trial , later recanted her testimony , one of the factors leading to the conviction being overturned . In November last year , state prosecutors had raised the prospect of a retrial for Ziegler , meaning he could have faced going back to death row if convicted for a second time . At his hearing today , Judge Sarah Stewart warned Ziegler against becoming bitter , adding that ` the world is a very different place than it was 15 years ago when you went to jail ' Ziegler 's release comes after Anthony Ray Hinton -LRB- pictured -RRB- was freed from death row two weeks ago after serving 30 years for a double murder he did not commit . Ziegler was determined to prove his innocence , according to his defence lawyers , but was reluctantly persuaded to accept a plea bargain for the chance to leave jail and escape another trial . During the hearing , Judge Stewart urged Ziegler to resist turning bitter and said she knew he recognized God 's grace . ` I want you to appreciate that gift , ' she said . ` You need to be very careful with your gift . ... The world is a very different place than it was 15 years ago when you went to jail . ' With his plea , Ziegler acknowledged that his conduct helped lead to Baker 's death . Relatives of both Ziegler and Baker , from Bayou La Batre , came away from the hearing disappointed . O'Della Wilson , the defendant 's mother , said she is happy that he will go free but angry that he had to plead guilty to any crime . ` He had no choice but to go ahead and plead to a murder he did not commit . ... Judge Stewart 's the only one who has given us any justice , ' she said . Baker 's relatives were n't happy Ziegler would be released . ` He 's a menace to our society . He will be back , ' said Beth Johansen , the victim 's aunt . ` This is not justice for our nephew . '