A passenger flying from Newcastle Airport to Gatwick was pulled aside at security after staff thought his pease pudding was Semtex , a plastic explosive . The part-time actor was going through customs to board his EasyJet flight , when airport staff discovered he had six £ 1.80 tubs of the traditional pudding and North East delicacy in his hand luggage . The boiled-legume dish was removed from his bags , along with several Greggs pies . Pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the North East of England . The 58-year-old , who previously appeared in the BBC TV series Blackadder , was surprised at the mix-up . ` I love my pease pudding , ' he told The Mirror . ` I think the resemblance to Semtex was pushing it a bit far as it was in containers marked pease pudding . ' Security staff told the traveller his pease pudding could ` technically ' be classed as Semtex . However , the traveller did admit he was carrying six tubs of the pudding along with pies from the Greggs bakery - which became synonymous with the ` pasty tax ' introduced and then scrapped by Chancellor George Osborne in 2012 . After being told that the consistency of the pudding could see it ` technically ' classed as Semtex , he reportedly offered to let security taste the delicacy to prove it was n't . Luckily for the pease-lover , who lives in Sussex , he was allowed through with his snacks and was simply warned to pack them in hold luggage the next time he was travelling . The traveller has also placed several Greggs pies in his hand luggage for the journey . An customs spokeswoman said : ` There is no customs policy with regard to pease pudding so far as I am aware . ' When MailOnline contacted a Newcastle Airport spokeswoman , she said they do not comment on security matters . It is not the first time unusual items have been picked up by airport security scanners . Stansted Airport has previously confiscated items including furry handcuffs , while two Italian women were stopped at Munich Airport , in Germany for trying to transport a human skeleton belonging to a dead relative . Last year , customs officers at Birmingham Airport seized a giant squash from a passenger who was trying to smuggle it into Britain from Asia . The 4ft-long vegetable , which weighed in more than at 4st , was found with 175 lb -LRB- 79 kg -RRB- of fish and 94,000 cigarettes from Bangladesh . A spokesman for Solihull Council said : ` It is a bit of a rare find , as you can imagine we do get cigarettes a lot , but not a squash , especially not one of this size . ' America 's TSA -LRB- Transport Security Administration -RRB- even has an Instagram account where it documents the weird wonder , and sometimes downright dangerous , items confiscated at security .