Budget airline easyJet has been charging stranded customers a £ 10 fee for proof that their flight was cancelled . The charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month . They were asked to provide an airline letter confirming the cancellation , but easyJet told its hard-hit passengers to pay a £ 10 fee . Scroll down for video . Compensation : The charge came to light when easyJet customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month . Above , file image . The Association of European Airlines confirmed last night that no other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged . However , a spokesman for easyJet defended the airline 's position , saying : ` The administration charge for the letter is applied because each letter has to be individually researched and created for each passenger . ' In an email seen by the Mail in response to one customer 's request , easyJet 's customer service team said : ` We can certainly send you a letter to help you claim on your insurance , that 's not a problem . ` There is a small administration fee of 10 GBP for the letter , which you should be able to claim back through your insurer . ' There were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across Europe this month following the 48-hour strike by French air-traffic controllers . EasyJet is France 's second-largest airline and cancelled 588 flights over the two days . The airline launched ` rescue flights ' to repatriate holidaymakers and children stranded abroad . Ryanair cancelled 500 flights while British Airways and Flybe cancelled fewer than 50 each . Travel chaos : There were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across Europe this month following the 48-hour strike by French air-traffic controllers . Pictured , passengers queue for check-in at Stansted Airport . And flight cancellations have risen by a fifth in the first quarter of 2015 as services were hit by poor weather as well as the strikes . There were 5,080 cancellations in the first three months of 2015 compared to 4,239 in the same period last year . The number of delayed flights increased by 7 per cent with 2,427 hold-ups compared to 2,260 . Monarch had the greatest increase in delays -- 30 per cent -- with 64 incidents , according to figures from compensation firm EUClaim . Strikes : Ryanair cancelled 500 flights while British Airways and Flybe cancelled fewer than 50 each . Above , a flight information board at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris , where several flights were cancelled . EasyJet has seen a 19 per cent increase with 245 delays in the first four months of this year compared to 206 last year . The EUClaim report said : ` There are two main reasons for the poor start to the year . Firstly the winter weather across Europe has been worse than 2014 this particularly affected Jet2 , easyJet and Monarch who suffered considerable delays on their routes to Chambery and Grenoble in France . ` The second cause has been the number of strikes in Europe . The four-day Lufthansa strike resulted in some 116 cancelled flights to the UK , strikes by Italian air traffic controllers and security staff in Germany has also compounded the problem . '