Intel has shown of a terrifying glimpse of the future - a swarm of robot spiders that can be controlled with a flick of the wrist . At the chip giant 's developers forum in China , Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm 's button sized computed and controller wristband . He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans . Scroll down for video . Intel CEO Brian Krzanich controlling the four spiderbots with a smart wristband . The robots were powered by Curie , a computer the size of a button developed by Intel . ` Today , I want to show you another example of Curie , ' he explained . ` We put together a small wristband that can be used and has Curie on it . ` We connected Curie to these robots , spiderbots we call them , and they are talking to each other . ` My motions will control them . To wake the robots , he lifted his hand . ` They 're excited to be here today ' . ` Here 's my favourite bit , I 've got make sure I do this right ' , he said , before fistbumping - with the spiders following . He was then able to put the spiderbots to ` sleep ' with another gesture . ` This is just the beginning our work with Curie , he said . ` The curie wristband can understand motion , and actually interpret if you 're running , walking of swimming , ' said Krzanich . ` The Intel Curie module is a tiny hardware product based on the Intel Quark SE system chip , which is the company 's first purpose-built system on a chip for wearable devices , ' the firm said . It contains Bluetooth low-energy radio , sensors and battery charging technologies . Krzanich said that there 's a dedicated sensor hub processor and pattern classification engine that allows it , for example , to identify different sporting activities quickly and precisely . Intel also unveiled a tiny wearable computer , called Curie , that is the size of a small button . While the Curie hardware is based on Intel 's first purpose-built system-on-chip -LRB- SoC -RRB- for wearable devices and is expected to ship to manufacturing partners in the second half of this year . Packed into the tiny computer is Bluetooth , sensors and battery charging capabilities . It will help firms make smaller smartwatches and other wearables . ` The curie wristband can understand motion , and actually interpret if you 're running , walking of swimming , ' said Krzanich . At the annual event , Krzanich stressed the need for Intel and the developer community to provide leading - edge technologies to China that drive differentiation across a range of products and industries -- from the data center to PC and mobile devices to wearables , as well as the Internet of Things -LRB- IoT -RRB- . The robots are controlled by a wristband containing Intel 's Curie computer the size of a button . Lowering his hand caused to robots to ` sleep ' . He also emphasized the importance of the maker community to develop new generations of computing and connected solutions . ` The local and global impact of our 50 years of Moore 's Law innovation and 30 years of strong collaboration and winning together in China is unmatched , ' said Krzanich . ` Intel remains focused on delivering leadership products and technologies in traditional areas of computing , while also investing in new areas and entrepreneurs -- students , makers and developers -- to find and fuel future generations of innovation with China . ' . Intel 's 3D-printed experimental dress crowned at the collar with robotic spider legs . The legs move when somebody invades the wearer 's personal space , or they become stressed . The dress rises when the wearer is stressed out -LRB- right -RRB- but returns to normal -LRB- left -RRB- when they calm down . Intel 's 3D printed dress in action - the dress can sense the wearer 's mood . It is not Intel 's first move into arachnid-based systems . Earlier this year the chip giant showed off a tablet that can use hand gestures to scroll a recipe , drones that can manoeuvre an obstacle course without human intervention and even smart clothing that can help the visually impaired navigate safely - and a smart cocktail dress that can repel people who invade the wearer 's space . Intel CEO Brian Krzanich also used the keynote at the Consumer Electronics show in Las Vegas to show off the company 's RealSense technology for seeing and understanding depth . ` The rise of new personal computing experiences , intelligent and connected devices , and the wearable revolution are redefining the relationship between consumers and technology , ' he said . Intel also showed off experimental designer Anouk Wipprecht 's latest Spider Dress . ` Fashion and tech are merging at the moment , beyond blinking dresses or cute skirts , she said . ` I 'm showing how fashion can be thought provoking , something that pushes people to think and share their feelings . Ther 3D-printed experimental dress crowned at the collar with robotic spider legs which move . ` Spider Dress acts as the interface between the body and the external world , ' said Wipprecht . ` It uses technology and the garment as a medium of interaction . ' The so-called animatronic arachnid limbs on the Spider Dress know exactly when someone is invading the wearer 's personal space . The legs are driven by computer and sensor technologies that allow it to be autonomous , but assistive and adaptive to the owner 's emotions and desires . ` Since the system based with mechanic spider legs is literally hosted on the shoulders of the wearer and attacks using the same viewing angle as the wearer , the system knows how you feel and adapts to those feelings , ' she said . Giant screens driven by Intel 's Realsense technology at the 2015 International Consumer Electronics Show -LRB- CES -RRB- in Las Vegas . Eliana Pereira Mecham gestures while interacting with RealSense Technology at the Intel booth during the International CES The technology uses 3D and infrared cameras to allow the user to interact with images on a monitor . Using wireless biometric signals , the system makes inferences based on the stress levels in your body . It can differentiate between 12 states of behavior . Wipprecht calls it an interesting interplay between co-control and education of your own body and mind . ` When approached at an aggressive pace , the system answers in a territorial attack mode , ' she said . ` But when you walk up to the dress in a more cautious , friendly symbiotic way , you can almost get the dress to invite you closer , as if to ` dance ' with you . ' CEO Brian Krzanich also used a keynote Tuesday to show off the company 's RealSense technology for seeing and understanding depth , showing off : . • Food Network with Intel RealSense 3D Camera : Intel and Food Network have collaborated to create a cooking application that uses Intel RealSense technology to eliminate the need to touch the device and instead use gesture control and voice commands on an Intel RealSense 3D camera enabled device for easy scrolling through the application and navigation of recipes in real time . This will be available in the Spring of 2015 . • All-in-one PC with 3D Display Concept : Intel showcased a futuristic ' 3D I/O ' technology that integrates Intel RealSense technology with a specialized glass screen to enable an immersive , hologram-like experience without the need for additional eyewear . • Intel RealSense technology and wearables : Looking into the future , Krzanich also demonstrated a wearable technology research project that can help vision-impaired people navigate their environments more easily and safely . The wearable solution places sensors on clothing , equipped with Intel RealSense 3D cameras that sense the vicinity and trigger vibrations as a feedback mechanism , helping people to navigate their environment . • Intel RealSense technology inside Robotics and Multi-copter drone : Intel demonstrated an iRobot ® AVA ® 500 video collaboration robot equipped with Intel RealSense cameras to support the platform 's autonomous navigation and obstacle avoidance technologies . In addition , Intel highlighted the growing possibilities for multi-copter drones , including the inspection of fields and power lines , delivering goods , and even monitoring endangered species . As these drones become smarter , they can see , react , and even move safely through the environment . During the CES keynote , Intel created a make-shift obstacle course inside the CES keynote ballroom and demonstrated a number of AscTec * Firefly multi-copter drones equipped with Intel RealSense cameras that provide 360-degree sensing and enabled with unique collision avoidance capabilities . Intel 's RealSense camera module , which weighs as little as 8 grams and is less than 4 mm thick , brings depth perception to drones both indoors and outdoors with minimal impact to payload and flight times . Intel hopes to put the realsense system into laptops and tablets . The Intel RealSense technology of software and depth cameras enables more natural and intuitive interaction with personal computing devices , the firm says . Cutting-edge facial detection and tracking , emotion detection , 3D scanning , depth-sensing photography , background removal , and the tracking of 22 joints in each hand for accurate touch-free gesture recognition are some of the new capabilities made possible with Intel RealSense technology . Nixie founders Christoph Kohstall shows off the wrist mounted drone , he 2014 ` Make it Wearable ' challenge winner and the first wearable camera that can fly . Nixie rests on your wrist like a bracelet , then unfolds and takes flight on cue to take the perfect shot of you in the moment . It is hoped the Nixie will go on sale later this year . Krzanich also highlighted Nixie , the 2014 ` Make it Wearable ' challenge winner and the first wearable camera that can fly . Nixie rests on your wrist like a bracelet , then unfolds and takes flight on cue to take the perfect shot of you in the moment . Krzanich welcomed Nixie founders Christoph Kohstall and Jelena Jovanovic to the stage to discuss the Intel ` Make it Wearable ' challenge and highlighted the opportunity it offers to innovators and entrepreneurs . Krzanich and the founders also posed for the first Nixie flying photo . Krzanich went on to say that Intel will sponsor the Intel ` Make it Wearable ' challenge again later this year .