It is the Facebook update everyone hates to read , but we all love posting . And now that status update about jetting off on holiday is set to be even easier after Virgin Atlantic announced it would allow each passenger one Facebook login for free so they can post an update from 35,000 ft. The #SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline 's Dreamliner 787 routes , alongside mood lighting to help with jetlag , windows that can be darkened with a touch of a button and full length windows in the toilets . Scroll down for video . All guests on the new Virgin 787 Dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook , with specially-selected cabin shots advised . Developed in conjunction with Jiffybots , this bespoke Facebook application will allow customers to check in free of charge and share their location and photos with their friends and followers mid-flight . Virgin Atlantic is also developing certain #SkyhighSelfie spots in the cabin to offer customers the chance to take the perfect selfie onboard and share their experience . The first selfie spot will go live on Birthday Girl , the first of its 787 aircraft to be purchased , from this month and customers can take their picture with the iconic Virgin Atlantic Flying Lady carrying her celebratory champagne coupe . The app will also act as a sky high discussion forum where customers on the flight can chat and spark debate in the air creating an onboard community . To access the free wifi and check in on Facebook , upload their photo or participate in the onboard discussion form , all customers need to do is click on a specially created link and log in . The mood lighting is available in all classes aboard Virgin 's Dreamliner , helping passengers adjust to time zones . The ` purple haze ' which is designed to be cosy and comfortable comes on as the plane flattens out on its journey . Reuben Arnold , Brand and Customer Engagement Director at Virgin Atlantic said : ` This is just one area of our ongoing developments with technology as the connectivity on board our new 787s allows us to deliver innovative and unique digital experiences for our customers . ` Connectivity is a key focus moving forward for Virgin Atlantic and we 'll continue the roll out across our fleet over the next two years . ' Other key features include full-length mirrors in the bathroom , and special mood lighting . The bar area in business class has been changed so customers can even have meetings face-to-face over a glass of wine , while right , the staff will be able to help you get that perfect selfie . The lighting changes colour throughout the flight to help passengers relax and unwind , fall asleep and even adjust time zones . On boarding the aircraft , a soft ` rose champagne ' colour has been chosen to de-stress passengers whilst encouraging them to relax into their journey . This then changes into ` purple haze ' which is designed to be cosy and comfortable before transforming into ` amber warmth ' which creates a candlelight environment for passengers whilst dining . To help passengers drift into a deep sleep , ` silver moonlight ' is introduced to reflect a beautiful moon-lit sky . Virgin executives have realised that connectivity during flights is key with so many of us desiring permanent Wi-Fi . One of the key modifications in business class is a modification of the bar area to make it more social . Two stools now sit opposite each other so customers can dine opposite each other , we also offer pre-dinner cocktails and wine tasting at the bar . Colleagues can also enjoy a business meeting and can actually book the bar for a meeting . The innovative fixtures will be featured on all Virgin Atlantic 's 787 Dreamliner routes .