Arsenal have been here before . Manchester City sniffing around with their millions , looking to prize away some of Arsene Wenger 's finest talent . Jack Wilshere is the latest man linked with a switch to the Etihad Stadium , where he would follow the likes of Emmanuel Adebayor , Bacary Sagna and Samir Nasri who swapped London for the North-West as City stormed towards Premier League and FA Cup glory . But times have changed . The Gunners are now ahead of City in the table and appear to be a club on the up , while the men from Manchester must rebuild . And if £ 30million or more is truly on the table for Wilshere , Arsenal must consider it . Manchester CIty are considering making a move for Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere this summer . Wilshere has n't played for the first team since injuring his ankle against Manchester United in November . Alexis Sanchez cost Arsenal £ 30m , while Chelsea splashed out roughly the same amount to bring in Diego Costa . Those two forwards have a combined total of 33 league goals this season . And for all Wilshere 's many talents , he would not be a game changer for Manuel Pellegrini , or whoever City 's manager may be next season . He was touted as a future Arsenal and England midfielder when he burst onto the scene , showing the world what he can do in a Champions League tie against Barcelona , and possesses a technical ability which would n't see him out of place at the Nou Camp . His quick movement , superb touch and low centre of gravity is perfect for the sharp , driving style of play manager Wenger likes at the Emirates Stadium , as Wilshere 's goal of the season against Norwich last season perfectly demonstrated . He has been doubted on several occasions , partly because of his lifestyle off the pitch , in the most part because of his treacherous injury record at the age of 23 . The midfielder has picked up a total of 24 knocks during his seven-year professional career . He was tipped as a future Arsenal star and England international when he broke through the ranks in 2008 . Wilshere is only 23 years old but has picked up 24 separate injuries during his professional career . But even as recently as this season , Wilshere was hitting form before going off against Manchester United . He was certainly more impressive than Aaron Ramsey and Santi Cazorla in the Arsenal midfield , and impressed for England in a deep-lying role . There now seems to be little space for the Stevenage-born schemer to fit in this starting XI . Ramsey , Cazorla , Sanchez , Francis Coquelin , and Mesut Ozil played behind Olivier Giroud in the recent thumping victory over Liverpool , and that 's without the likes of Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , Tomas Rosicky , Theo Walcott and Danny Welbeck involved . Of course , the ideal state of play would be for Wenger to build a team around Wilshere , a man who is signed on for three more years , and not to consider any bids from divisional rivals at least . But Arsenal would be foolish to dismiss anything over £ 30m in today 's market , especially considering the kind of players Wenger can now attract to the club . Wilshere impressed in a holding role for England in an international friendly against Scotland last year . He was in form before ankle surgery , scoring a fine goal against Manchester City in September . The midfielder fired past Brad Guzan to score the opening goal against Aston Villa last season . Wilshere 's effort against Norwich was voted the 2013-14 Premier League Goal of the Season . Arsenal 's relationship with City , who the club have never held a firm rivalry with , could also play a part . Any interest from fellow top-four clubs Chelsea or Manchester United would probably be dismissed immediately . The current Premier League champions are looking to rebuild under Sheik Mansour and need homegrown , young players to freshen up an ageing side . Wilshere is seen as a possibility along with Jordan Henderson in midfield . Raheem Sterling and Paul Pogba have also been linked with a summer transfer , with Nasri and Yaya Toure among many names who could leave . But with Liverpool set to hand Henderson the captain 's armband after Steven Gerrard 's departure , his stay would seem more likely despite his contract running down at Anfield . Arsenal fans would hate to see Wilshere go and he encapsulates the style at the Emirates . However , for a man who has scored five goals in his league career , and one who would not neccessarily push on close rivals to better things , it may be worth thinking about . Jordan Henderson is also a possibility for Manchester City as the club look for homegrown youngsters .