Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick has revealed he wants to take up a career in motorsport when his playing days are over . Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season as Louis van Gaal 's side put their stuttering start to the season behind them and carved out a place in the Champions League places . The former West Ham and Tottenham star , now 34 , is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon , but when he does he says he 'd like to try his hand behind the wheel of an F1 car . Michael Carrick celebrates after Manchester United score , and hopes to be playing for many more years . Carrick revealed that , when he finally hangs up his boots , he wants to try his hand at Formula One . He told MUTV : ` I would n't swap football for anything ... except maybe to be an F1 driver . ` I 'd love to have a go . I love the sport , I 'm a massive fan . I 've done a few track days and enjoyed that , but there 's nothing like going to watch F1 . I 'm hooked on it . ` Football is work and it 's a lot more than that too . But it 's about getting balance in your life as you get older . ` At 33 or 34 , that 's when you 're not sure how your body is going to react . ` Living right and trying to look after myself gives me a better chance . I feel as good and as a fit as I ever have . ` I 'm not saying I can last as long as Giggsy -LRB- Ryan Giggs -RRB- . Not many people , if anyone , can do what he did . But I tried to learn off Giggsy , Scholesy -LRB- Paul Scholes -RRB- and Gaz Nev -LRB- Gary Neville -RRB- . Carrick talks to United assistant Ryan Giggs , and says he wants to emulate the legend 's longevity . Carrick applauds the Old Trafford fans , as he tries to find ways to keep at the top of his game , despite his age . ` It 's stuff in the gym , yoga , living right , eating right ... it all comes together and hopefully gives you a chance of playing for that extra couple of years . ' The 34-year-old midfielder , who started his professional career at West Ham , admits moving to London from his family home in the north east at the age of 15 was one of the biggest challenges he ever faced . ` Moving to London at 15 was a struggle , but the best thing I ever did , ' he said . The first three or four months were tough . Carrick -LRB- right -RRB- moved to West Ham as a 15-year-old , and says it forced him to grow up fast . ` The football was great , but when you were going back -LSB- to where you were staying -RSB- you did n't have someone there . You did n't have a mobile phone back then , it was a case of going to the phone box -LSB- to call home -RSB- . ` Things like that now you take for granted but then it was a big deal . But it helped me grow . It shaped me a lot faster than if I 'd stayed in Newcastle and been pampered . ' Watch Carrick : Life Before United on MUTV -LRB- Tuesday 14:00 , 21:30 , Wednesday 09:30 , 18:00 -RRB- .