Reverend Andrew Dotchin , 58 , a well-known local character popular with his parishioners , was celebrating the end of Lent . A wine bar banned its local vicar from coming in for a drink on Easter Sunday -- because he was wearing sandals . The Reverend Andrew Dotchin , 58 , a well-known local character popular with his parishioners , was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich . He was told there were health and safety concerns , because a glass could fall on his foot . Rev Dotchin , who preaches at Whitton Parish Church , said : ` I was gobsmacked . I think the man on the door had had a rough night . I said , ` Trust me , I 'm a vicar ' and I was wearing the dog collar -- but he would n't budge . ' The bemused grandad , a massive Facebook and Twitter fan , grinned : ` It 's their loss . ` I was n't going to go in and tell everyone to go to hell or anything ! ' Mr Dotchin , who preached in South Africa for 16 years , strolled off instead to the nearby Revolution bar in the Old Cattle Market for a quick drink and a chat . ` I have been in The Wine Bar before and it 's a lovely place - it 's a bit of a giggle really and occasionally this sort of thing happens . ` I do n't get served in sandals in golf clubs but women do , ' said Andrew , the son of a Royal Navy submariner . It 's silly really . ' The bizarre run-in sparked a flurry of activity supporting him on Facebook , which he labelled ` hilarious ' . Wine bar manager Luke Parkerson defended the decision to bar Mr Dotchin . He said : ` Unfortunately it 's because we are a glass-led venue - a lot of venues in Ipswich use glass substitutes now . ` All it would take is someone to drop a glass on an exposed foot - that was our concern . ` It has happened once before and I am very aware of it and do n't want anyone to have it again . ` My door team dealt with it and it 's a shame I was n't able to have a word with the gentleman personally . ' The Wine Bar in Ipswich -LRB- pictured -RRB- : Manager Luke Parkerson defended the decision to bar Mr Dotchin . But defiant Andrew , a clergyman for 31 years , vowed to carry on wearing his trademark footwear . ` I am infamous for only ever wearing sandals because I find socks devilish ! ` I 'll go back there again and hopefully they 'll let me in next time , ' he said . ` It 's very tight on numbers and it can get really busy , so I imagine the door staff are more closed off but they are just doing their job . ' Reverend Andrew Dotchin said he would continue to wear his trademark sandals because he finds socks devilish .