Sacked by the BBC : Jeremy Clarkson -LRB- pictured on April 10 -RRB- said receiving a cancer warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life . Two days before assaulting a BBC producer , Jeremy Clarkson was told by a doctor that he might have cancer . Speaking for the first time in detail about the incident that resulted in his sacking from the Top Gear show , 55-year-old Clarkson said being given the warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life . In an attempt to explain his state of mind at the time of the attack , he said : ` Two days before the `` fracas '' , I had been told , sternly , by my doctor that the lump on my tongue was probably cancer and that I must get it checked out immediately . But I could n't do that . ` We were in the middle of a Top Gear series . And Top Gear always came first . ' Clarkson said he had now been given the all-clear , but wrote in his column in The Sunday Times : ` That was the most stressful day I have ever had in 27 years at the BBC . ` It was beyond-belief stressful , everything was gong wrong , and then you know ... there you go . But everyone has stressful days , and they manage to cope better than I had . ' Clarkson was sacked by the Corporation after an ` unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack in Hawes , North Yorkshire that left his victim , Oisin Tymon , 36 , in need of hospital treatment . The presenter said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce from wife Frances and the death of his mother Shirley , and he worried about all parts of the programme . Scroll down for video . Top Gear : Clarkson -LRB- pictured centre with co-presenters Richard Hammond , left , and James May , right -RRB- said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce and the death of his mother . Shock : Clarkson -LRB- pictured with in London last Tuesday -RRB- has said that two days before assaulting a BBC producer he was told he might have cancer . He said : ` I woke every morning worrying about every single line . And I went to bed at night worrying that the changes I 'd made during the day were wrong . ` Friends would talk to me when we were out and , though I could see their lips moving , I could n't hear what they were saying . ' He added : ` I felt sick because after I 'd lost my home and my mother , I 'd thrown myself even more vigorously into my job and now , idiotically , I 'd managed to lose that too . ' Clarkson also revealed that he expected to present another television show about cars in the future . The star was suspended by the broadcaster last month when he became the subject of an internal BBC investigation after he attacked Mr Tymon , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him . Divorced : Clarkson , 55 , and his wife Frances , 53 , pictured together in London in April 2008 while stile married . Clarkson 's contract was not renewed , with director-general Tony Hall saying at the time ` a line has been crossed ' and ` there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . But the broadcasting veteran received widespread public support , including from friend Prime Minister David Cameron . Clarkson said he even considered turning his back on presenting altogether in the immediate fall-out from the incident . Earlier this month , North Yorkshire Police said that following an investigation Clarkson would face no further police action over his attack on the producer at a hotel . Clarkson pulled out of his planned appearance hosting BBC satirical show Have I Got News For You , which was due to be filmed next week , and aired a day later . It would have been his first BBC appearance since the fracas which led to his exit .