Abuse : Angela Linton wrote a homophobic message directed at one of her son 's teachers in the child 's pass book . A mother who was banned from her son 's school after abusing staff then used one of the child 's books to deliver a homophobic tirade to a teacher . Angela Linton wrote the vile message , directed at gay teacher Thomas O'Brien , after a row about a school outing , Birmingham Magistrates ' Court heard . The 47-year-old , from Handsworth in Birmingham , has been given a community order , told to carry out unpaid work and fined £ 185 for harassing the victim . Linton 's son started at Perry Beeches secondary school in September last year , the court heard . Helen Shipley , prosecuting , said that Linton approached head of year Mr O'Brien in October and expressed concern that she could not afford to send her son on a forthcoming residential trip . She was told that the school could come to an alternative arrangement , but failed to attend a scheduled meeting and then abused Mr O'Brien over the phone . Miss Shipley said : ` Linton felt that the school , in particular Mr O'Brien , was unfairly targeting her son , who had been placed in detention over having a mobile phone in class . ' In another incident , Linton was shouting and acting aggressively outside the school entrance , and was told to leave the premises . School officials then sent the angry mother a letter telling her she was banned , and could only communicate with the school via the assistant headteacher or in her son 's pass book . In January , she wrote a message in the book referring to the phone row she had with Mr O'Brien and abusing him for being gay . ` Mr O'Brien said he was traumatised by reading these comments , ' Miss Shipley said . ` His sexuality was well known . He said it was something he was comfortable with . ` He could not believe they had been written . He did not know the reason for it . ' School : The row began when Linton 's son - a pupil at Perry Beeches , pictured - could not afford to go on an outing . Akhmed Yakoob , defending , said Linton felt remorse over her actions , which were out of character . Linton pleaded guilty to displaying writing which caused harassment , alarm or distress , and was sentenced to a 12-month community order . She was also ordered to do 150 hours of unpaid work and to pay £ 100 compensation to the victim and £ 85 costs . Chairman of the bench Peter Pratt said : ` There is no doubt whatsoever that you have intentionally caused harassment , alarm or distress , most obviously to Mr O'Brien . ` The virulent language undoubtedly caused Mr O'Brien to be fearful . '