Leigh Griffiths sure knows how to finish . And , in passing , how to make a point . Left on the bench for Wednesday night 's home clash with Kilmarnock , perhaps uncertain over his place in the starting XI for Sunday 's Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness , the Celtic striker scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team to a handsome 4-1 victory . The Treble-chasing reigning champions came from a goal down , inspired by Kris Commons and the second-half introduction of Griffiths , to record a win that takes them eight points clear at the top of the Premiership -- and lifts confidence ahead of their trip to Hampden . Hat-trick hero Leigh Griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award . Darryl Westlake 's wickedly deflected strike early in the second half had given the visitors a shock lead completely against the run of play -- only for Commons to equalise in spectacular , if contested , fashion eight minutes later . As good and important as Commons was for Celtic , though , even his performance was overshadowed by the arrival of Griffiths , who simply exploded on to the scene with three goals of supreme quality in less time than it takes for the average warm down . Rightly named Man of the Match despite playing for just over half an hour , the former Hibs front man eased all the frets and fears of home fans on a night that had looked to be slipping away from their team . Celtic 's Leigh Griffiths -LRB- right -RRB- completes his hat-trick against Kilmarnock . Celtic had begun the night with a starting XI looking very much like the team Deila might have been thinking about for Hampden , all things being equal ; leaving Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven , both suspended for the semi-final , on the bench suggested that he was giving his Cup formation a gentle run out . Against a Kilmarnock team whose ambition rarely threatened to over-reach their ability , there were certainly passages of play that resembled nothing so uncompetitive as a training session . With Lee Miller plodding along on his lonesome up front and only the pace of left winger Tope Obadeyi carrying even the hint of a threat to the home side , the visitors -- doughty in defence but reliably clumsy on the ball -- were obviously intent on playing a containing game . Griffiths collects the match ball after his second-half hat trick on Wednesday night . Maybe , just maybe , they 'd catch Celtic sleeping and grab a surprise goal . And , if not , well , a nil-nil at Parkhead is never a disgrace , right ? The problem for those who turned up in anticipation of a football match was that , however well Celtic played , attack against defence boasts only so much in the way of entertainment value . James Forrest looked the most obvious outlet for a Celtic breakthrough , the winger scampering down the left and finding space where none should have existed , though too often making the wrong call . The former Scotland regular might have scored himself with seven minutes on the clock , tearing into the box and receiving an Emilio Izaguirre pass at pace , yet Forrest 's first touch was half an ounce heavy -- allowing young Killie captain Lee Ashcroft to make a vital block on his shot . Substitute Griffiths came off the bench to spark Celtic into life after lacklustre first-half . It did n't take overly long for the crowd , such as it was on a night when empty seats abounded , to grow frustrated by the home team 's inability to get themselves ahead . Virgil van Dijk loping forward from central defence caused a few stirs of excitement , Stefan Johansen 's running beyond lone striker John Guidetti promised at least a possibility or two . Still space in the final third remained at a premium . Home skipper Scott Brown should have done a great deal better with an Izaguirre cut-back on the half-hour mark , failing to connect cleanly with the bouncing ball and watching it balloon high and wide of the target . Would set-pieces , of which there were an increasing number , provide a more productive avenue of attack for Celtic ? Well , big Van Dijk came fairly close with a flashing header from a Commons corner . In open play , an inability -- or unwillingness -- to let fly continued to be the running theme , one great guddle involving Guidetti and Forrest , neither finding that half yard needed to take a shot inside the box , moving the locals to howls of annoyance . If they were irked by their heroes showing less than perfect concentration in the art of opening up their opposition , Kilmarnock 's opener had the home support in uproar when they took a hugely unexpected lead four minutes into the second half . Celtic manager Ronny Deila -LRB- left -RRB- congratulates Griffiths after the final whistle . Two or three Celtic players had a chance to close down and dispossess Obadeyi as he made ground and tied defenders in on the flank , yet he kept hold of the ball long enough for support to arrive in the shape of Westlake . Sure , the midfielder 's shot took the kind of deflection for which there is no accounting , smacking Jason Denayer and spinning beyond a helpless Craig Gordon . But failure to apply due diligence at the back definitely contributed to the concession . Their fans roused and their own pride hurt , Celtic had to muster a quick response . Step forward the captain , who pounced to nick the ball off the toe of Sammy Clingan -- prompting immediately complaints of a dangerous challenge . Griffiths was thrown into the fray before the game could be restarted , Forrest making way as Celtic tried to provide Guidetti with more support up front . As substitutions go , not one of Deila 's worst . Griffiths had been on the park all of six minutes , in fact , when he put Celtic ahead , rising to score with a downward header after Commons had shown excellent skill and vision to drive towards the byeline , beat his man and dig out a cross to the back post . As soon as they went ahead , the shackles seemed to fall from the limbs of the home players . Suddenly , they were finding space , making killer passes , creating openings and -- most importantly -- taking shots . None better than the 25-yarder that Griffiths sent screaming past Craig Samson with 10 minutes remaining , the ball cannoning in off the keeper 's right-hand post . When he was put through behind the defence four minutes later , there was never any doubt about what would happen , the striker finishing low and hard past a shell-shocked Samson .