When walking into the backyard of your seaside condo , the only things you would hope to find are the waves lapping at the shore , or a sunset over the ocean . However , one Florida homeowner was shocked to find a nine foot bull shark swimming right past his back door . This incredible video captured the moment the extremely dangerous predator prowled past the property at the north end of Hickory Island , in Bonita Springs . This is the moment a nine foot long bull shark , considered among the deadliest in the world , was captured swimming past a condo back yard on Hikcory Island in Florida . The beast can be seen just under the the water , with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface . Residents in Bonita Springs told NBC-2 that sharks began swimming up to their condos about a week ago , and have been spotted several times since . They say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back . Property owners are now asking the city to designate the area for swimming only , which would outlaw fishing there and , they hope , drive the sharks back out to sea . Bull sharks , along with great whites and tiger sharks , are generally considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world , and among the most likely to attack humans . Homeowners say fishermen throwing bait into the water nearby are attracting the predators to their homes , and are calling for fishing to be banned in the area . Adult bull sharks can grow up to 11.5 ft long , live up to 16 years in the wild , and along with great whites and tiger sharks , are said to be the most likely species to attack humans . Their natural habitat is the warm , shallow ocean waters around the equator , though they can just as happily swim through freshwater , and are often found hunting far up rivers and estuaries . They will eat almost anything they can kill , including fish , dolphins , seabirds , and other sharks . Humans are not naturally part of their diet , but they have been known to attack out of curiosity . They get their name from their short , stubby noses , aggressive disposition , and tendency to headbutt their prey before biting . According to National Geographic , adults can reach anywhere between 6ft and 11.5 ft in length , and can live up to 16 years in the wild . Hickory Island juts out into the sea from mainland Florida and is surrounded on both sides by ocean , meaning sharks are able to swim very close to the houses .