A woman charged with having sex with a dog has whacked a photographer over the head with a bottle and told him to ` f--k off ' outside court on Saturday afternoon . Jenna Louise Driscoll was leaving a Brisbane 's City Watch House after fronting the court for failing to appear on April 7 . The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him . Woman charged with having sex with a dog has lashed out at a photographer and hit him over the head . Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug and unlawful wounding . Ms Driscoll was arrested on Friday afternoon after she turned up at Stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions . Police had allegedly issued a warrant for her arrest after she failed to appear in court on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs , one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality . According to the Courier Mail , Ms Driscoll pleaded guilty before Magistrate Bronwyn Springer for failing to previously appear in court and was fined $ 250 for the offence . She was released on conditional bail , which requires her to report to police , abide by residential conditions and not speak to the complainant . Police found the videos of Ms Driscoll allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone for allegedly dealing cannabis in October . She fronted Brisbane court on Saturday for failing to previously appear on April 7 . Police were carrying out checks on Driscoll 's phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog . Ms Driscoll was charged last year with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug . ` This is n't something you 'd normally expect , it 's quite unusual . The last case I can recall was a few years ago , it certainly is n't something we hear reported often , ' said Mark Townend , CEO of RSPCA Queensland . Driscoll was also charged with two counts of possession of an item used in the commission of a crime and three counts of supplying . Police prosecutor Sergeant Scott Pearson said Driscoll had allegedly been dealing cannabis to friends . Text messages showed that Driscoll had arranged for 113 grams of the drug to be sold for $ 1,150 and on another occasion 85 grams for $ 900 , according to Sgt Pearson . She will face court again on April 27 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .