Conman : Neil Moore was on remand at Wandsworth Prison when he sent fake email posing as court clerk . A ` hedonistic ' conman who escaped from prison after sending staff a fake email saying he had been granted bail has been jailed for seven years . Neil Moore , 28 , was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London for a £ 1.8 million fraud when he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at ` Southwalk Crown Court ' . It allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year , an escape motivated by Moore 's fear he would be harmed by fellow inmates after striking up a relationship with a transgender individual at HMP Wandsworth . Moore 's escape only became apparent three days later when his solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him and discovered he was gone , London 's Southwark Crown Court heard . The judge , Recorder David Hunt QC , described the escape as ` sophisticated and ingenious ' . He said : ` The way you contrived your escape was potentially more of a threat to the integrity of the prison system , and therefore to the public , than the mere use of brute force . ` And in my judgment there is an obvious need to deter others from trying to procure their escape through the same or similar means . ' While behind bars Moore set up a website , using the address and telephone number of the Royal Courts of Justice on the Strand , using an ` illicit ' mobile phone that was used widely in the prison . He created a domain name similar to the court service 's hmcts.gsi.gov.uk , emailing the custody mailbox from an account ending hmcts-gsi-gov-uk . Investigations , with the help of Homeland Security in the US , revealed Moore set up the website using the name of the officer who was investigating him , Detective Inspector Chris Soole . Moore grew up in Trinidad and Tobago , where he had a difficult relationship with his parents on account of his sexuality . John Femi-Ole , defending , said : ` His sexual orientation is something of a taboo , he tells me , within the community of which he was a member . ' Neil Moore 's partner Kristen -LRB- left -RRB- leaving London 's Southwark Crown Court . Mr Hunt said : ` I accept that you may have had a troubled early life as a result of your sexual orientation , but that can be no excuse for committing fraud . ' He said Moore committed ` sophisticated ' frauds to fund a ` hedonistic lifestyle ' . When Moore 's grandfather died he left him an amount of money which he frittered away partying , the court heard . Mr Femi-Ole explained that after Moore left his native country , he changed his name and entered a civil partnership , committing the frauds to continue funding the lifestyle he had grown accustomed to . ` He became addicted and intoxicated by it , and the lifestyle he was able to enjoy . He entered into a civil partnership with a transgender individual , ' he said . It was this relationship that ultimately led Moore to make his escape from prison , after they were both sent to HMP Wandsworth , it was said . Mr Femi-Ole said : ` He -LRB- Moore -RRB- and his partner were remanded into prison , Wandsworth Prison . Their relationship became revealed , he tells me , by the guards . ' He described these as ` dark days ' for the pair , with Moore fearing being raped or killed after his partner was granted bail . ` It was in these circumstances that he felt he could not tolerate the situation and escaped in the way the crown describe . ' The court was read a letter from Moore in which he described feeling suicidal at the time of the fraud offences . It read : ` I committed these offences and continued living a fake fictitious lifestyle , pretending to be someone I am not , with a life full of glamour and partying . ' ` There is something Great Gatsbyian about that ' , said Mr Femi-Ole , continuing to read : ` I wanted to feel loved and accepted . During the time of these offences I was extremely depressed and unhappy . ' The court heard that Moore also tried to kill himself on several occasions , ` drinking excessively and partying ' in an attempt to block out how he was feeling . Escape plan : Moore brazenly walked out of Wandsworth Prison -LRB- pictured -RRB- after sending a fake email to wardens saying he had been granted bail . The judge described the escape as ` sophisticated and ingenious ' Mr Femi-Ole told the court the letter by his client was a ` window into his soul ' and demonstrated his remorse . Opening sentencing last month , prosecutor Ian Paton said : ` Having been remanded in custody by the court , and realising the reality of what he had led himself into , and what was waiting to be uncovered , he promptly set about adapting his skills for deceit , dishonesty and forgery to that new environment and he engineered his escape . ' After being contacted by his lawyers Moore contacted his representatives and surrendered . He admitted eight counts of fraud in which he posed as staff from banks such as Barclays , Lloyds and Santander to dupe major organisations such as Thomas Exchange Global into handing over significant sums of money . The court heard that Moore used up to four aliases to commit the frauds worth a total of £ 1,819,000 , sometimes putting on a woman 's voice to dupe his fraud victims . He was so convincing that his partner Kristen Moore was initially charged alongside him , believed to be involved in the scams , Mr Paton said . All charges against Moore 's partner were later dropped . Moore answered phone calls from his victims with a man 's voice and then pretended to transfer them to his colleague , resuming the conversation himself in a feminine voice . Moore , from Ilford in Essex , admitted eight counts of fraud , and one count of escape from lawful custody , and was jailed for a total of seven years . Dressed in a dark grey suit and black polo neck jumper , he remained impassive as he was sentenced . Ronnie Biggs escaped from Wandsworth Prison in 1965 after scaling a wall with three other prisoners . Neil Moore is not the first to escape from Wandsworth Prison . In 1965 , notorious Great Train robber Ronnie Biggs broke out after scaling a 30ft wall with three other prisoners . A ladder was thrown over the wall from the outside during the prisoners ' afternoon exercise session and the escapees climbed it before lowering themselves down into a waiting van . But that break for freedom pales in comparison to some of these daring and unusual prison escapes from around the world : . By makeshift rafts . By helicopter . By can opener . By maintenance truck . By tunneling underground .