A man , 21 , allegedly forced a tearful 15-year-old girl into his car on Saturday and screamed , ` you will never see your parents again ! ' in attempt to force her to be his teen bride . Kong Meng Xiong , 21 , of St. Paul , Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping , third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment . The Star Tribune reports that the girl 's family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying Xiong , whom she was dating , because of their age differences . Alleged kidnapper : Kong Meng Xiong , 21 , of St.Paul , Minnesota has been arrested after he allegedly tried to force his 15-year-old girlfriend to be his traditional Hmong bride . Xiong and his parents say they wanted the girl and Xiong to marry in the Hmong tradition . The girl , who has not been identified because she is a minor , told police that Xiong was her ` boyfriend ' and that they got into a physical argument over the prospect of marriage on Saturday night . Xiong allegedly threw the girl 's iPad against a wall at her family 's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car . Her parents were not home at the time . The girl told police that she managed to escape but that Xiong took hold of her a second time , forced her into his car , and took her to his family 's home . When the girl 's parents returned home from work at around noon on Sunday , they learned of the kidnapping from their oldest son . The girl 's parents called Xiong 's parents and demanded that they give them their daughter back . The girl 's older brother later drove to the Xiong 's home where they willingly let the girl go home . The girl told police that she and Xiong had been ` dating ' in January and first had sex when she was just 14-years-old . The victim 's father told police that Xiong asked him to marry his daughter on multiple occasions but that he said no because of their large age difference . Xiong admitted to kidnapping the girl and said that she tried to escape from him on Highway 26 . This is not Xiong 's first brush with the law . In 2009 Xiong was tried in juvenile court or sexually assaulting a 13-year-old girl when he was 15 . He pleaded guilty . Ramsey County Attorney John Choi said about the case , ` This is a very disturbing case involving the victimization of a 15-year-old girl that can not be tolerated in our community . ` Women and girls are not property , they are human beings who have every right to be free from violence and to live according to how they choose for themselves . ` We allege that the defendant has sexually exploited a minor who can not legally consent to sex , and has taken violent actions to kidnap and hold the victim against her will . ' According to Hmongculture.net , the Hmong are an ethnic group that come from Laos , Thailand , Vietnam , and Laos . In the late 1980s many Hmong people came to the United States after being sponsored by the Lutheran church . The majority relocated to St. Paul , Minnesota and Fresno , California . In traditional Hmong marriages the man generally asks permission from the girl 's family to wed her . If that method fails , there is a tradition of ` bride-napping ' in Hmong culture in which the man may literally drag his bride to his house when her parents are not home . If the girl does not accept a gift from her sometimes forceful suitor then she may go back to her family , says Ahmongwoman.com .