Fox Sports Australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up . Briony Ingerson posted the image from an ` African-themed party ' almost three months ago , writing that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on Network Ten program ` I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! ' . I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! aired on Network Ten and involved more than a dozen identities camping under the stars in South Africa 's Kruger National Park . She used the hashtag #IHopeThisComesOff alongside the photo of herself painted in black , seemingly oblivious that people would take offence from her costume . It has since emerged that on April 11 , Fox Sports Australia posted an image of a man dressed in blackface , as part of a competition which asked viewers to dress up as their favourite sports star . Sports presenter Briony Ingerson has been widely criticised for posting a photo with black face make up . On Tuesday the photo made headlines and Ingerson responded with a message on Twitter , insisting she had not meant to be offensive . The issue was flagged by journalism student Ahmed Yussuf who complained about the photo . He interned alongside Ingerson . Fox Sports Australia tweeted a photo of a man in black face on April 11 , before the controversy surrounding Briony Ingerson began . It 's understood the tweet was later deleted . ` No harm intended , just wanted to give our hardworking friend a giggle , ' Ingerson wrote on Instagram . On Tuesday the photo made headlines and Ingerson responded with a message on Twitter , insisting she had not meant any harm . ` Sorry if you 're upset by this , no harm was intended , it was an African themed party #NotAtAllRacist , ' she wrote . A Fox Sports spokeswoman told AAP that they had only become aware of the photograph on Monday and it was unacceptable . ` She -LRB- Briony Ingerson -RRB- is deeply upset that she has offended people in the community as this was not her intent , ' the Fox Sports spokewoman said . ` She is aware of how offensive and inappropriate her actions were . ` Fox Sports is satisfied that Briony is apologetic and will be making no further comment on the matter . ' Ingerson is a freelance sports journalist who specialises in motorsports . She has presented for Fox Sports Australia as well as on 7Mate , Network Ten and SBS . A Fox Sports spokeswoman told AAP that they had only become aware of Briony Ingerson 's photograph on Monday and the company know it was unacceptable . Jet James called for Fox Sports Australia to make an example of the Melbourne-based freelance presenter and terminate her employment with the company . John Patten was another member of the public who felt strongly about the presenter 's ` ignorant ' actions . The matter came to light after Fairfax reported a complaint from LaTrobe University journalism student Ahmed Yussuf , who worked as an intern alongside Ingerson . ' V hurt to see Briony Ingerson do #blackface . Feel disgusted and disappointed , especially having worked with her . #Racism is not okay , ' Yussef tweeted . Yussuf told Fairfax that at first he tried to ignore the photo but finally felt as though he had to speak out . ` It 's very difficult to say something about someone who could possibly be a contact in the future but I thought someone should say something , ' he said . ` It was there for weeks and no one said anything . ' Yussef says that Ingerson has now blocked him on Twitter following the widespread media response . Briony Ingerson explained that she was going to an African themed party and is ' #NotRacistAtAll ' Ben Williams pointed out that Ingerson should have been aware of how wrong her actions were . ` I read the comments between her friends and herself and it seemed very off-putting having blackface on in an Africa-themed costume party as if being black is something to be put on and taken off . ' The photo has sparked outrage , with members of the public taking to social media to condemn her ` ignorant ' actions . ` Far too many Australians are either openly or incredibly naively racist . Times like this I 'm ashamed of my country , ' tweeted Tom Read . ` It should n't take 11 WEEKS before something like this gets picked up . I wonder how many people saw it & thought it was ok ? ' ` I really do n't understand how this still happens in Australia in 2015 , especially after the Hey Hey incident in 2009 , ' Ben Williams wrote on Twitter . ' @foxsportsaus - sack the girl and set an example will you ! @BrionyIngerson - serious misjudgement and just disgusting , ' Jet James wrote . ` So a TV ` personality ' wears #blackface and is ignorant enough to attempt to justify it . Only in Aus ! Sacked her yet @foxsportsaus ? '' posted John Patten .