A nondescript tobacco shop in a Tokyo neighbourhood has become an unlikely tourist attraction thanks to a four-legged shopkeeper who has become an online sensation . With millions of video views on the internet Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window and greet customers or curious visitors who have travelled to the Shimada Cigarette Shop from afar . He may be the most adorable salesman ever , but is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a glass display case under the counter . Shiba the dog uses his nose and his paw to open a sliding glass window at a shop on the outskirts of Tokyo . Visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack , pat him on the head or pose for a selfie with him . When a customer rings the bell for service , he leaps to his feet and opens the window for his owner , Hisako Suzuki , who runs the shop in a west Tokyo neighbourhood , near Musashi-Koganei metro station . The intelligent Shiba Inu dog is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up just to see him or buy cigarettes , snacks or magazines . When groups arrive , they queue to pose for photos with the internet star . One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views . Shiba 's owner has trained him to open the sliding glass window when customers ring a bell for service . One of the videos featuring Shiba 's customer service skills has more than two million views on YouTube . Shiba can often be found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a display case under the counter . Suzuki said business has picked up since the videos went viral , and tourists are invited to sign and leave comments in a guestbook . Some visitors have travelled from as far away as England and Taiwan to say hello to the seven-year-old dog . British tourist Carrie Furlong told Reuters : ` I 've always wanted to come to Japan . ` I would 've sat on that plane for 20 hours if I had to , I would have come here just to see the culture and everything , but I wanted to see him specifically as well while we were here . '