The owners of two dogs that got loose and mauled a jogger to death in Michigan pleaded no contest on Friday to a reduced charge . Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife , Valbona Lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of Craig Sytsma of Livonia , The Flint Journal reported . ` I 'm so sorry , ' Lucaj told Sytsma 's family . Sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township , 45 miles northwest of Detroit . Sebastiano Quagliata -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his wife , Valbona Lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of Craig Sytsma of Livonia , Michigan , and agreed to 15 years in jail . Lucaj -LRB- left -RRB- , a native of Albania , and Quagliata , of Italy , could be deported after serving their sentences . Sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township , 45 miles northwest of Detroit . The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in Metamora Township in July , and was ` screaming and begging ' for help in his final minutes . Lapeer County Prosecutor Tim Turkelson predicts a sentence of at least 19 months in prison when the two return to court on June 8 . The two have been in custody for months and were facing a second-degree murder charge before making the plea deal . Lucaj , a native of Albania , and Quagliata , a native of Italy , could be deported after serving their sentences . They had ` no intention to do anything to hurt anyone , ' defense attorney Jason Malkiewicz said . ` I think today was the first day my clients got to sit over there and accept responsibly for actions , ' he said . ` I think the death of Mr Sytsma has sat in their heads for a year and it 's been a nightmare to my clients , as well as everyone involved . ' Attorney Glenn Saltsman said the Sytsma family is satisfied with the plea deal , although he believes laws covering dangerous dogs are ` archaic and weak ' . There was evidence that the dogs had attacked other people on the road . ` These dogs should 've never been alive after the first attack , ' Saltsman said . The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in July . Attorney Glenn Saltsman said the Sytsma family is satisfied with the plea deal . The sentencing will be in June . During the attack , one neighbor , a medic , used a belt as a tourniquet to stop Sytsma 's bleeding . Helen Barwig had to pause the rescue efforts momentarily while the massive dogs came back . ` I 'm bleeding out , ' a desperate Sytsma told his rescuer , according to the Detroit Free Press . ` I 'm dying . ' He ` was losing a lot of blood and begged her to not let him die , ' police wrote about incident . It took another neighbor , Barwig 's boyfriend Edward Elmer , firing his .44-caliber Magnum at the dogs to end the attack . He struck one of the animals in the leg . Sytsma only had time to tell Barwig that his name was Craig before losing consciousness . He was rushed to a local hospital but soon died of his injuries . His dramatic final moments were revealed in response to a request by the Free Press under Michigan 's Freedom of Information Act . The attack was the third since 2012 involving canines from Lucaj and Quagliata 's property , officials said . The police records show the two dogs had run loose for months in the small rural community , attacking at least two neighbors months before they killed Sytsma . Some neighbors began to arm themselves , including the man whose shots eventually scared the cane corsos as Sytsma laid dying . The attack was the third since 2012 involving canines from Lucaj and Quagliata 's property , officials said . ` Animal control should have done something , ' said April Smith , who was bitten in May 2012 while walking her two dogs . Cane corsos are Italian dogs that are ` not to be trifled with ' , according to the American Kennel Club . The AKC report about the breed said : ` Topping out at nearly 28 inches at the shoulder and often weighing more than 100 pounds , with a large head , alert expression , and muscular frame , Cane Corsi are at a glance intimidating creatures . ' ` Bred as guard dogs for centuries , their imposing appearance is their first line of defense against intruders . '