Police said Friday that they 're trying to find a couple and five children who left a North Las Vegas home where a 3-year-old girl was found dead and a 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected by her 17-year-old mother that the child was hospitalized in critical condition . If Kellie Cherie Phillips , 38 , and Jondrew Megil Lachaux , a 39-year-old ex-convict , are n't in Nevada , they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland , California , areas , North Las Vegas police Officer Aaron Patty said . Patty told reporters that Phillips and Lachaux were sought for questioning , and that no Amber Alert or arrest warrant had been issued . Scroll down for video . Police are hunting for Kellie Cherie Phillips , 38 , and Jondrew Megil Lachaux , a 39-year-old ex-convict , after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect . But he stressed that police were worried about the welfare of the five children - a 9-year-old girl and four boys ranging in age from 1 to 8 years old - who were believed to be with them . ` We have a 4-month-old fighting for life at the hospital , ' Patty said . ` It is imperative for us to locate these children so that we can verify the condition of them . ' He said police believe Phillips and Lachaux abandoned the house several weeks or months ago , leaving the 17-year-old girl with the two younger children in a brown stucco two-story tract home with a tile roof on Wood Thrush Place , about 10 miles northwest of downtown Las Vegas . KSNV reports the couple are the parents of the dead child . The 17-year-old was taken into custody Wednesday , after police were alerted by hospital officials to the condition of the 4-month-old . She had taken the baby to Sunrise Hospital . A police SWAT team broke into the house Thursday to find the body of the 3-year-old . The teen is the mother of the hospitalized child and sister of the dead child , and she is being held as a juvenile on child abuse and neglect allegations , Patty said . Names were not disclosed . A police SWAT team broke into the couple 's house Thursday and discovered the body of the 3-year-old . Patty said the hospitalized girl was severely malnourished . Patty would n't describe conditions inside the home , other injuries to the children , where the 3-year-old 's body was found or how she died . He said police removed items from the property , but he declined to specify them . Investigators believe the child had been dead for several days , and the teen and her baby remained in the house with the corpse until Wednesday , Patty said . The coroner has not released a cause of death . Neighbors were understandably shocked . ` Definitely bothersome , ' Michael Frank told reporters . ` We got kids of our own and want them to be safe so we hope things wo n't happen like that again . '