The International Space Station is to have an Italian espresso maker so astronauts can have a break from instant coffee to ` boost spirits ' SpaceX is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker -- and 4,000 pounds of food , science research and other equipment -- on Monday afternoon . The experimental espresso machine is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy . Scroll down for video . This undated image shows a prototype of Lavazza and Argotec 's ` ISSpresso ' machine . The final version will be the first real Italian espresso machine on The International Space Station . On Monday a version of the coffee maker is scheduled for launch to the International Space Station aboard a supply capsule which will also include 4,000 pounds of food , science research and other equipment . It was supposed to arrive in January , shortly after her arrival , so she could get some relief from the station 's instant coffee . But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion . The espresso machine was originally intended for astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy so she could get a break from the station 's instant coffee . The espresso maker is dubbed ISSpresso -- ISS standing for International Space Station . Italian coffee giant Lavazza joined forces with the Turin-based engineering company Argotec and the Italian Space Agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet . NASA certified its safety . It is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity on the ISS , where the principles that regulate the fluid dynamics of liquids and mixtures are very different from those typical on Earth . It uses a ` capsule system ' to fill plastic pouches with espresso and other hot drinks such as tea . The machine can also be used to rehydrate food . In order to handle liquids at high pressure and high temperature in a space environment , the plastic tubing inside the normal coffee machines has been replaced with a steel tubes designed to withstand pressure of more than 400 bar . The ISSpresso machine uses a standard coffee capsule , which is posted in the top of the machine . Water is aspirated and pressurised in a unique electrical system and is then heated . The granules mix with the hot water and the coffee is piped into a pouch , which is securely fastened to the machine using a ` rapid coupling/uncoupling system . ' The ISSpresso machine is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity , where the principles that regulate the fluid dynamics of liquids and mixtures are very different from those typical on earth . Hovering up to 270 miles -LRB- 435 km -RRB- above the Earth , the International Space Station -LRB- pictured -RRB- is a long way from home and astronauts have reported missing creature comforts such as coffee and beer . Astronauts drink the coffee straight from the pouch using a straw . The machine is much heavier than a normal model , which typically weighs 29 lbs -LRB- 13 kg -RRB- . The space-bound machine weighs around 44 lbs -LRB- 20 kg -RRB- because there are backups of all the critical components , for safety reasons , and in accordance with the specifications agreed upon with the ISA . NASA 's space station program deputy manager , Dan Hartman , said it 's all part of making astronauts feel at home as they spend months -- and even up to a year -- in orbit . Already , Mission Control gives astronauts full access to email , phone calls , private video hookups , and live news and sports broadcasts . The ISSpresso machine uses a normal Lavazza coffee capsule , which is posted in the top of the machine . Water is aspirated and pressurised in a unique electrical system and is then heated . The granules mix with the hot water and the coffee is piped into a pouch , which is securely fastened to the machine using a ` rapid coupling/uncoupling system . ' Astronauts drink the coffee straight from the pouch using a straw . ` The psychological support is very , very important , ' Hartman told reporters on Sunday . He continued : ` If an espresso machine comes back and we get a lot of great comments from the crew ... It 's kind of like the ice cream thing , right , when we fly ice cream every now and then . ` It 's just to boost spirits . Maybe some rough day , a scoop of ice cream gets them over that hump kind of thing . ' The SpaceX Dragon supply ship also holds experiments for NASA 's one-year space station resident Scott Kelly , who moved in a couple weeks ago . Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko also will remain on board until March 2016 . This will be the California-based SpaceX company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from Cape Canaveral . For the third time , SpaceX will attempt to land its leftover booster vertically on an ocean barge . Both previous tests failed . Improvements to the first-stage booster and floating platform -- based on lessons learned from the January and February attempts -- should boost the odds of success this time to 75 per cent or maybe 80 per cent , said Hans Koenigsmann , vice president of mission assurance for SpaceX . SpaceX 's billionaire founder Elon Musk wants to save time and money by reusing the boosters normally discarded in the Atlantic . In fact , the company is transforming a former missile-launching site at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station into a landing pad for its revolutionary flyback boosters . Monday 's launch time is 4.33 pm . Forecasters put the odds of good weather at 60 per cent . Once the coffee is brewed , it 's dispensed in a pouch , which astronauts drink straight from using a straw .