The troubled son of an influential San Diego businessman was arrested last week for allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a local elementary school . Jack Henry Doshay , 22 , appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty . Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect 's parents , Karen and Glenn Doshay . Glenn Doshay is a minority owner of the San Diego Padres and a former investment manager who focuses on charitable causes with his wife . Scroll down for video . Caught : Jack Henry Doshay , 22 -LRB- left -RRB- , was arrested last week after allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a Solana Beach , California elementary school . On the right , the police sketch of the suspect before Doshay was arrested . Frightening : Prosecutors are accusing Doshay , the son of a prominent local businessman , of attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline elementary school on March 23 -LRB- seen above -RRB- . Doshay 's lawyer Paul Pfingst said he told his client 's parents not to show up at the hearing since it would be short , and said they are likely to attend court on Thursday when their son has a bond hearing . He is currently being held without bail at the Vista jail . ` The family is obviously very distressed , ' Pfingst said after the arraignment , ` very distressed a young girl had that traumatic experience . ' Doshay was arrested on Wednesday , nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline Elementary School in Solana Beach . Officials say the incident happened around 3:30 pm , just as classes were letting out for the day . Doshay allegedly grabbed the young girl , who has not been identified , as she was walking from class to after-school care and tried to cover her mouth with packing tape in an attempt to smother her screams . Parent 's worst nightmare : Make Paeske is the father of the girl Doshay allegedly tried to kidnap . His daughter was freed when teachers and parents overheard her screaming for help . Censored : When he appeared in court on Friday , reporters were not allowed to take pictures or broadcast Doshay 's image . His layer Paul Pfingst pictured on the right . Emotional issues : Doshay was allegedly arrested at a residential facility on Wednesday where he was seeking treatment for depression . But teachers and parents heard the girl 's cries for help and found her struggling with Doshay , who in turn fled the scene in a newer model black Ford Flex SUV . Police say Doshay has no connection to the girl , but that his brother lives near the school . Doshay was arrested nine days after the incident , after police released a sketch with his description and got over 150 tips from the public . He was taken into custody at a residential facility where he was receiving treatment for depression . Pfingst said his client has sought inpatient and outpatient treatment for depression on other occasions in the past . At a press conference following Doshay 's arrest , the father of the girl he attempted to kidnap spoke out about his family 's relief and the daughter who is ` our inspiration ' and ` hero ' . ` This guy messed with the wrong girl and the wrong community , ' father Mike Paeske said . ` San Diego County families can sleep a little better knowing that one less threat is out there on the streets . ' When Doshay appeared in court on Friday , reporters were barred from taking his picture or broadcasting his image . If convicted , Doshay faces up to 11 years in prison .