Kenyatta Leal has something millions of people would give anything for : the ability to bring the cream of Silicon Valley 's executives to their feet . However , unlike most app developers , he learnt about technology not at MIT or at Stanford , but at San Quentin Correctional Facility . He is the first graduate of The Last Mile , the world 's only prison-based tech incubator . Unprecedented : This is Kenyatta Leal , the first graduate of San Quentin 's tech program that teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code and build a business for when they are paroled . Leal was one of 15 prisoners who was selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to develop their own business plan - while inside San Quentin . MC Hammer acted as one of his numerous mentors . Each prisoner that applies to the scheme must complete an application process , as they would for a job , explaining their history and their ambitions , plus one ` essay question ' about their life . Leal was handed a life sentence in 1994 for his third strike , unlawfully possessing a firearm after committing a felony . He was locked up in the country 's oldest men 's prison , which has housed Charles Manson and Bobby Kennedy killer Sirhan Sirhan . But in 2011 he was handed a lifeline : programming . The business program teaches inmates about the internet , a phenomenon invented in the mid-90s after most of them were incarcerated . The aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release as most struggle to find work ` on the outside ' . Now , after being paroled in 2013 , Leal is lobbying investors to back the unprecedented method of criminal rehabilitation : teaching cons about technology . ` I 've been very lucky , ' he told DailyMail.com . ` I was completely lost when I was incarcerated . I did n't know what I was doing . ` Then I started hearing about this thing called the internet . My family started visiting me with these things called smart phones , we would talk about ` the internet ' inside . ` I was asking , `` What is ` tweeting ' ? What is a ` blog ' ? What is ` Google ' ? '' I wanted to know more . ' The program was started in 2011 by venture capitalists Chris Redlitz and his wife Beverly Parenti , who were asked to perform a half-hour guest speech to prisoners . But , intrigued by the questions they were asked , they stayed for hours and as they left , vowed to come back . California has a 61 per cent rate of re-offending within the first years - the highest of any state . And criminals cost $ 47,000 a year . Kenyatta Leal became a star of his class by developing a live version of Fantasy Football called Coach Potato - which will launch after he completes his second degree in business management . Chris Schuhmacher , who is serving a life sentence for stabbing to death a friend that stole a suitcase of marijuana from his apartment 12 years ago , is another star student , now developing a fitness app . Horatio Herts , is currently in Pittsburgh advising state legislators on how to tackle obesity . His business plan was called The Healthy Hearts Foundation . It focuses on ways to help overweight Americans get back in shape . James Houston has built a curriculum to teach under-privileged , inner-city children about technology . As Americans struggle to land jobs , and employers place an increased emphasis on computer literacy , prisoners who have never even seen a computer are sidelined from any tech-related occupations . Leal was one of 15 prisoners who was selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to develop their own business plan - while inside San Quentin . MC Hammer acted as one of his numerous mentors . Each prisoner that applies to the scheme must complete an application process , as they would for a job , explaining their history and their ambitions , plus one ` essay question ' about their life . Gruelling : Once accepted , the students have two meetings a week and feedback sessions with leading entrepreneurs and community leaders , referred to as ` The Shark Tank ' , after the TV show . Chris Schuhmacher , who is serving a life sentence for stabbing to death a friend that stole a suitcase of marijuana from his apartment 12 years ago , is another star student , now developing a fitness app . Some modules offer the so-called 'em ployees ' the chance to learn coding - and fight for the chance to be awarded 'em ployee of the month ' New leaf : Now paroled , Leal -LRB- pictured with Last Mile founder Chris Redlitz -RRB- is working to expand the program . Once accepted , they have two meetings a week and feedback sessions with leading entrepreneurs and community leaders , referred to as ` The Shark Tank ' , after the TV show . Some modules offer the so-called 'em ployees ' the chance to learn coding using a special program produced by Hack Reactor , a coding school in San Francisco . Every four weeks , they fight for the chance to be awarded 'em ployee of the month ' . On ' pitch day ' , six months later , they present to a room of potential investors - clad in blue uniforms . Leal became a star of his class by developing a live version of Fantasy Football called Coach Potato - which will launch after he completes his second degree in business management . Chris Schuhmacher , who is serving a life sentence for stabbing to death a friend that stole a suitcase of marijuana from his apartment 12 years ago , is another star student , now developing a fitness app . Like Leal , Shuhmacher completed an Associate Arts degree at Patten University during his time inside , and graduated as valedictorian of his class . Another one of the ` graduates ' , Horatio Herts , is currently in Pittsburgh advising state legislators on how to tackle obesity . His business plan was called The Healthy Hearts Foundation . It focuses on ways to help overweight Americans get back in shape . James Houston has built a curriculum to teach under-privileged , inner-city children about technology . Leal said : ` Men in prison , they have an entrepreneurial spirit but it 's misdirected . ` If you start inside it carries on to the outside . I felt like I was on the sidelines and needed a way to start over . ' Since technology and the internet are banned in prison , The Last Mile has developed dummy programs that mimic websites such as Twitter , Word Press and Google . The guard tower at San Quentin State Prison , where the program is based . The program was started in 2011 by venture capitalists Chris Redlitz , who was asked to give a half-hour guest speech to prisoners . But , intrigued by the questions he was asked , he stayed for hours . Overlooking : An ex-con and relative cast a glance at San Quentin prison as they hike in San Francisco . The program has inevitably been a cause for criticism . But none that the prisoners take seriously , they say . ` You do get a few snarky remarks but that comes with the territory because not everybpdy is going to understand what we 're bringing to the table . ` Those are the people we want to talk to . ' It seems investors agree . Eric Greenberg , author of Generation We who attends The Last Mile 's pitch day , even says the so-called graduates have an edge over others pitching . ` Someone who comes through this is a highly inspirational human being who has a lot of things to share , ' he explains . As the program grows , and sights are set on Falsom Prison for a Last Mile project , it has drawn attention . Award-winning director Ondi Timoner has just completed a documentary on the program , in connection with Wired , which premiered at SXSW Festival in Austin on March 15 . San Quentin is the country 's oldest men 's prison , which has housed Charles Manson and Sirhan Sirhan . As the program grows , sights are set on Falsom Prison for a Last Mile project . Timoner , who has directed documentaries one women 's prisons and on technology , told DailyMail.com : ` We have a prison system that 's just broken . We have the most people incarcerated in the world . ` We need to do something . And imagine the untapped potential in prisons . Criminal behavior and entrepreneurial behavior have a lot of things in common . Entrepreneurs are looking to get things done and quickly and get to the bottom line . Criminals do as well . ` I realized the power of the internet and the democratization that it allows ... They can start businesses that are socially good . ' Executive producer Rachel Samuels remarks : ' I think this is a new step . ` Kenyatta , for example , is one of the most inspiring people I have ever met and it makes you think : if he can turn his life around , what excuse is there for the rest of us ? ' The Last Mile documentary is now available to watch on TheScene.com .