Surgeons have removed kidneys that each weighed as much as a newborn baby from an Indian man with a genetic disorder . The giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6 lbs -LRB- 2.7 kg -RRB- - and was 20 times bigger thanit should have been . It was was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease -LRB- ADPKD -RRB- . This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys , so they expand in size . Surgeons have removed the kidneys , which weighed as much as a newborn baby , from a 45-year-old man with a genetic disease . Scan shows the kidneys , which had grown to 20 times their normal size . Incredibly , a week after his initial operation at Delhi 's Sir Ganga Ram Hospital , a second kidney weighing 5.5 lbs -LRB- 2.5 kg -RRB- was removed . Both kidneys beat the previous record of 4.7 lbs -LRB- 2.1 kg -RRB- , which was removed in Dhule , India , in 2011 , according to Guinness World Records . Normally , healthy kidneys weigh between 125g and 170g in men - less than half a pound . The patient was diagnosed with ADPKD , which is potentially lethal , last year . He arrived at the hospital suffering from high fever , blood in his urine and severe abdominal pain before he was admitted . ` I used to remain tired throughout the day due to excessive blood loss , ' the patient , whose name has not been released by the hospital , said . It took a team of surgeons three hours to remove the giant organ , before he was then put on dialysis . He will soon receive a kidney transplant . Dr Bhargav , one of the surgeons who carried out the procedure , said : ` The kidney was 20 times the normal size and was stuck around the intestines . Normal healthy kidneys weight between 125g and 170g in men - less than half a pound . One of the kidneys the doctors removed weighed 6 lbs -LRB- 2.7 kg -RRB- -LRB- is is pictured on the scales -RRB- . ` The patient is recovering and awaiting a kidney transplant . ' ADPKD affects between 1 in 700-1,000 individuals worldwide , with 12.5 million cases globally , and is currently incurable . It is caused by mutations in one or more genes , causing them to function abnormally . Cysts develop in the kidneys , and often the livers and the pancreas . Over time , they grow and multiple , replacing normal healthy tissue and causing the kidneys to stop working . In the early stages , there may be no symptoms and the cysts wo n't be noticed until adulthood . They will vary by individual but may include back or abdominal pain , recurrent urinary infections or blood in the urine , kidney stones and kidney failure . Two thirds of adults with ADPKD will develop high blood pressure , and 1 in 12 will develop small brain aneurysms . Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease -LRB- ADPKD -RRB- is an inherited condition that causes small , fluid-filled sacs called cysts to develop in the kidneys . Although children are born with the condition , ADPKD does not usually cause any noticeable problems until the cysts grow large enough to affect the kidneys ' functions . In most cases , this does n't occur until 30-60 years of age . When ADPKD reaches this stage , it can cause a wide range of problems , including abdominal pain , high blood pressure , blood in the urine , urine infections and kidney stones . Eventually , kidney function gets worse and worse , until so much is lost that kidney failure develops . ADPKD affects between 1 in 700-1,000 individuals worldwide , with 12.5 million cases globally , and is currently incurable . It is caused by mutations in one or more genes , causing them to function abnormally . Sources : NHS Choices and Polycystic Kidney Charity .