Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at NRL referees during the Good Friday clash between the Bulldogs and Rabbitohs . A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans at the end of the game on April 3 . Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game , which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory . Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at NRL referees during the Good Friday clash between the Bulldogs and Rabbitohs . A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans at the end of the game on April 3 . As the officials left the field and tried to enter the tunnel a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them . Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder , while referee Gerard Sutton escaped with no injuries despite slipping over as he attempted to dodge the missiles . NSW Police have released images of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident who were seated on the western side of the stadium above the tunnel . Detective have called on any fans who have photos or video of the incident to come forward to help them identify those responsible . Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game , which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory . As the officials left the field and tried to enter the tunnel a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them . NSW Police have released images of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident who were seated on the western side of the stadium above the tunnel . People can upload footage and photos to the Crime Stoppers website anonymously . Canterbury coach Des Hasler has apologised on behalf of his club over the actions of some fans after objects were thrown . ` I just want to offer an apology on behalf of the club , ' Hasler said . ` I 've been to see the refereeing official who was I think struck by a projectile he 's okay but that is not us , that is not what this club is about and it 's not what sport in this country is about . ` Unfortunately the behaviour of a few can kind of ruin it and spoil it for everybody . ` On behalf of all the officials and the players and everybody involved with the club , our sincerest apologies for what appeared and it wo n't happen again . ' David Klemmer and James Graham confront referee Gerard Sutton after awarding Rabbitohs a late penalty . Detective have called on any fans who have photos or video of the incident to come forward to help them identify those responsible . As referees , officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel , a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them . Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the club has called for a life ban from all NRL fixtures on fans who were responsible in the attack as they investigate the incident . ` It 's not what this club is about and it 's not acceptable behaviour , ' Castle said . ` We will look at the vision and take action . ` Even thought we lost it is unacceptable for fans to throw bottles !! We will work to find the culprits ! ' The incident was sparked when the referee awarded the Rabbitohs a late penalty after Graham was placed on report for the incident that saw Rabbitohs half-back Adam Reynolds struggle off the ground on crutches and a knee brace . People can upload footage and photos to the Crime Stoppers website anonymously . Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the club has called for a life ban from all NRL fixtures on fans who were responsible in the attack as they investigate the incident . Canterbury coach Des Hasler has apologised on behalf of his club over the actions of some fans after objects were thrown . Bulldogs fans were incensed when the Rabbitohs were awarded a kick right in front of the posts , after a late tackle on Reynolds as he attempted a field goal . Sutton then invoked the NRL rulebook which states that if a player impedes an opponent when attempting a field goal the penalty will be taken from 10 metres out . Graham was furious at the decision and he and fellow prop David Klemmer surrounded Sutton with Klemmer sin-binned for yelling : ` You 're off your f ****** g face , ' in the face of the lead official . A Bulldogs supporter gestures at the end of the match after a controversial penalty was awarded to Souths . Bulldogs fans react towards the match officials at full time at ANZ Stadium on Friday night in Sydney . A Bulldogs supporter was not impressed after Rabbitohs were awarded a late penalty .