What if they come fifth ? Manchester City may have big plans to revamp the team in the summer , with Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri among the high-profile casualties , but what if Liverpool reel them in over the next six matches ? City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference , which equates to five , yet undoubtedly they are vulnerable . For a team playing this poorly no run-in is easy and matches against the much-improved Aston Villa and even Queens Park Rangers can no longer be viewed with certainty . Yaya Toure -LRB- centre -RRB- has been a shadow of the player who fired Manchester City to last season 's title . Manuel Pellegrini -LRB- second right -RRB- trudges off the pitch after Manchester City were beaten by Crystal Palace . Future opponents Swansea City and Southampton have little to play for -- yet neither did Crystal Palace . The long-term plan is plain : Pep Guardiola , at his convenience , probably in 2016 . Yet where will City be by then ? An overhaul of playing personnel is due , but there has been scant evidence Manuel Pellegrini or director of football Txiki Begiristain are adept at identifying replacements . Eliaquim Mangala was supposed to be a different class to Joleon Lescott , but the Premier League 's most expensive defender can not command a place in the team ; Stevan Jovetic is no Carlos Tevez ; Fernando no great upgrade on Gareth Barry or Nigel de Jong . Toure is in obvious decline , but his influence on City 's two title winning seasons was huge . Can Pellegrini and Begiristain be trusted to find a replacement capable of Toure 's impact ? Not on the evidence of their recent signings . Jesus Navas ? Martin Demichelis ? Even Fernandinho is not as good as he was at Shakhtar Donetsk . The powers that be at City are waiting for Pep Guardiola to leave Bayern Munich for Manchester . And what if City are caught and condemned to the Europa League ? What happens to this lavish rebuilding plan then ? Take away the Champions League money and City 's financial capacity is not really much greater than Tottenham 's . Pellegrini has performed weakly this season and keeping him on another year while marking time for Guardiola is a giant gamble . Roberto Mancini got City into the elite in the nick of time with the financial fair play regulations about to be introduced . Locked outside , City 's capacity to improve would be severely limited . Would Guardiola even come in those circumstances ? Great manager he may be , but not one that has shown any burning desire to work off the same budget as Everton .