Carl Hayman has admitted Toulon ` have a lot of work to do ' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive European title , despite reaching the Champions Cup semi-finals . Toulon captain Hayman admitted Bernard Laporte 's men were distinctly underwhelmed by their performance levels in Sunday 's 32-18 quarter-final victory over Wasps . The Cote d'Azur outfit had Frederic Michalak 's unerring boot and Ali Williams ' late try to thank for a victory littered with error and inaccuracy . Guy Thompson is tackled by Ali Williams during the European Rugby Champions Cup quarter final match . Toulon will host Leinster at Marseille 's Stade Velodrome on Sunday , April 19 in the last four , with Hayman conceding vast improvements are required to lift the inaugural Champions Cup . ` If we want to be in London for the final we 've got a lot of work to do , ' said Hayman . ` If we 're honest with ourselves that was nowhere near what we expect against Wasps , and we 're going to have to make big improvements quickly . Alex Lozowski passes the ball during the European Rugby Champions Cup quarter final match . ` It 's great to get through of course , and winning is what counts ultimately , but there were far too many mistakes . ' Toulon won back-to-back European crowns to signal the end of the Heineken Cup era , and president Mourad Boudjellal 's expensively-assembled cast of stars are out to make continental history this term . No side has ever won three European titles on the trot , though Leicester and Munster have also previously registered back-to-back triumphs . Williams celebrates a try with his Toulon teammate Delon Armitage at the Felix Mayol Stadium . In Sunday 's unstructured and sloppy attempts at swashbuckling , Toulon clearly craved the hard-nosed and direct influence of a certain Jonny Wilkinson . England 's World Cup-winner 's summer retirement leaves a clear void at Stade Mayol , especially when Matt Giteau is missing through injury . The former Australia pivot returned via the bench at the weekend , leaving Michalak to lead an at times befuddled line . Williams dives over to score a last minute try during the quarter final match between Toulon and Wasps . New Zealand tighthead Hayman believes Giteau 's return to fitness will offer a timely extra level of focus to Toulon 's approach . Hayman is set to retire at the end of the season , with the 35-year-old currently completing coaching courses in France with a view to launching an off-field career in Europe . The 45-cap All Black admitted : ` I wo n't burn my boots ' at the end of the season however - keeping himself available in the autumn just in case New Zealand suffer a front-row injury crisis at the World Cup in England . Drew Mitchell is tackled by Alapati Leiua during the match between Toulon and Wasps at Felix Mayol Stadium . Armitage is tackled by James Haskell and Matt Mullan during the game at the Felix Mayol Stadium . ` We always try to look for width on the ball and balance that with our power game , so we 'll look to continue that , but we 've got to make better decisions on the field , ' said Hayman . ` Little mistakes , penalties at the scrum , they cost us , and that hurt us . ` Take those out of the game and we 're in a far better position at half-time . ` It 's great to have Matt Giteau coming back : having guys of that experience to come back into the 10-12 area is going to be invaluable . Matt Giteau breaks with the ball but is tackled by Andy Goode at the Felix Mayol Stadium . ` Michalak played well but you ca n't underestimate what a difference it makes to have another guy in there to organise the team and give us another voice on the field . ` Having him back especially is going to make a big difference for us . ` Obviously it would be fantastic to go out on a high , Jonny -LRB- Wilkinson -RRB- was able to do that last year when we won the double and he fully deserved it . ` But like I said , there 's a fair bit of work in front of us before we start thinking too much about any of that . '