It may look like CGI in the trailer , but the droid that will join R2-D2 in the forthcoming Star Wars film - The Force Awakens - is very much real . The robot , named BB-8 , took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim , California , where it literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body . JJ Abrams , the film 's director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how it works . Scroll down for video . The robot , called BB-8 -LRB- left -RRB- stars in the eagerly anticipated film Star Wars : The Force Awakens and took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim , California , where it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2 -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . It 's a question that 's got Twitter talking , with a user named Jock tweeting : BB8 ? BBGREAT more like and Jimmy Wong in LA saying : ` HOW DOES BB-8 WORK . It 's so coooool . ' Joshua Harris , a teenager from Oxford said : ` #BB8 is one of the few things in life that makes me want to understand engineering , while Video editor Ron Dot Org tweeted : ` This is the part of the #StarWars event today that really blew my mind . #BB8 is not cgi . AT ALL ' . BB-8 's body is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction , but it also has a completely free-moving head that does n't fall off , leaving applauding spectators wondering how it works . Speaking about filming the movie , JJ Abrams said : ` There were a lot of discussions about how having a CGI BB-8 could be so much easier for shooting . JJ Abrams , the film 's director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , instead of CGI , but did not reveal how the robot worked . Here , BB-8 the rolling droid BB-8 is spotted inside the Millennium Falcon , peeking around a corner . From today , Star Wars fans will be able to tweet using new emojis exclusive to the social network . Three emojiis have been introduced showing C3PO , a Storm trooper and a new droid . They have been rolled out in anticipation of the release of Star Wars : Episode VII The Force Awakens . To tweet a Star Wars emoji , users must include hastags : #C3PO , #STORMTROOPER or #BB8 which will be transformed into little cartoons . ` But we talked originally about it would be better for the film , for the actors , for the sets and the look of it if it were performed . ' He confirmed that BB-8 was ` built and puppeteered ' in the film , but no strings were visible when the beeping , chirping droid rolled on stage , leading experts to speculate that it must be controlled by at least one remote control . The robot 's body is likely to be a large robotic ball , like a big version of the Sphero , Mashable 's Andrew Tarantola speculated . The toy by Orbotix is controlled by a smartphone app using a Bluetooth connection and allows users to make it go in any direction -- much like the new droid . BB-8 's body is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction -LRB- pictured -RRB- but it also has a completely free-moving head that does n't fall off , leaving applauding spectators wondering how it works . The robot 's body is likely to be a large remote-controlled robotic ball , like a big version of the Sphero -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The toy by Orbotix is controlled by a smartphone app using a Bluetooth connection and allows users to make it go in any direction -- much like the new droid . Professor Will Stewart , a Fellow of The Institution of Engineering and Technology in London , told MailOnline that the walking globe is easy to achieve -- ` we could build one if we had the budget ' . ` It 's related to the default egg-race-style self-propelled double wheel device or the walk-in-balloon which anyone can try , ' he said , referring to a zorb , which humans walk inside and push against the side to move along . But the real mystery is how the robot 's head can move independently but stay on top of the free-rolling ball . It 's possible that magnets are involved to ` stick ' the droid 's head to its body , but it would require remarkable control by a human operator to make sure it 's head stayed on top of the body -- and the stage performance seemed effortlessness . It could be that the droid 's head is a separate robot with its own set of remote controls , enabling it to ` look ' around . It 's currently a mystery as to how BB-8 moves , but its white and orange case may hide a larger mechanism like that found in Sphero , which allows it to move quickly in any direction . The real question is how its head stays on . BB-8 's body is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction , but it also has a completely free-moving head that does n't fall off , leaving applauding spectators wondering how it works . This image shows the robot on the set of the film , which will be released in the UK in December . It may be able to stay upright easily by depending on a gyroscope that tells it which way is up and use an accelerometer to monitor motion , much like many smartphone games . Magnets may still be used to keep the head in contact with the body . Professor Stewart said : ` The floating ` head ' is probably on rollers magnetically bound through the plastic ball to the `` driving '' robot inside . ' He explained that rare earth magnets are very strong and light and the robot 's ` movements are consistent with this , such as a tendency to move in the direction of travel . ' ` The inside and head could be wirelessly linked but given that this robot is radio controlled rather than autonomous ... I suspect that head and body are just independently radio controlled . ' It 's possible that magnets are involved to ` stick ' the droid 's head to its body -LRB- pictured -RRB- , but it would require remarkable control by a human operator to make sure it 's head stayed on top of the body -- and the stage performance seemed effortlessness . From today , Star Wars fans will be able to tweet using new emojis -LRB- pictured -RRB- exclusive to the social network . Sphero is the world 's first robotic toy ball that 's controlled by a smartphone app . It 's been suggested that BB-8 may use similar technology in its body . The Sphero toy can be programmed to weave in between objects , follow augmented reality race tracks and even keep a pet entertained . The 2.8-inch -LRB- 73 mm -RRB- ball travels up to 5mph -LRB- 0.6 km/h -RRB- , is fully waterproof and costs $ 99.99 in the U.S , and £ 99.99 in the UK . Sphero -LRB- pictured -RRB- is the world 's first robotic toy ball that 's controlled by a smartphone app . The gadget weighs 178g -LRB- 0.4 lbs -RRB- and has a gyroscope and accelerometer inside that connect to a tablet or smartphone via Bluetooth , as well as two rubber wheels . A counterweight gets the ball rolling on demand and sensors allow users to control the direction and speed of the ball . The wheels inside work like a hamster running inside a ball and never leave Sphero 's surface , so it can turn corners at high speed . There are up to 30 games available via apps including driving , sports and arcade games , and the polycarbonate ball could soon be on its way to school classrooms to give children an insight into robotics . It is hoped the waterproof ball will inspire a future generation to get involved in computer science and design and technology .