Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating , and branded the decision to shorten his punishment ` the stupidest thing I 've ever heard ' . Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities , and is now set to compete against Bolt after returning to the sport . But Bolt said he felt ` let down ' by the American sprinter , and is not looking forward to competing against a man he used to respect . Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay 's reduced ban is ` the stupidest thing I 've ever heard ' after his doping suspension . Bolt said he used to respect Gay as a competitor , but is no longer looking forward to racing against him . 1 . Usain Bolt - Berlin 2009 - 9.58 . 2 . Usain Bolt - London 2012 - 9.63 . 3 = . Usain Bolt - Beijing 2008 - 9.69 . 3 = . Tyson Gay - Berlin 2009 - 9.69 . 3 = . Yohan Blake - Lausanne 2012 - 9.69 . ` I was really upset about that , ' the world 's fastest man said in an interview with Runners World , extracts of which have been published by The Times . ` He got a year just because he talked to the authorities about how it was done and who helped him . ` That sends the wrong message : ` If you do it and get caught , just tell us all you know and we 'll lower your ban . ` It 's the stupidest thing I 've ever heard . The message should be : `` If you cheat you 're going to be kicked out of the sport . '' ' Bolt stressed that he had regarded Gay , the joint-second fastest man of all time behind the Jamaican , as a rival who kept him on his toes , but now says he will feel no joy competing against the disgraced sprinter . Bolt is the fastest man of all time , but Gay is close behind him and is now returning to the sport . ` It really bothers me , ' he added . ` I 'm not worried about him beating me , I think it 's because I respected him so much over the years . He was a competitor , kept me on my toes and he pushed me to always do my best . ` Then to find out that he was on drugs -- it 's a bit like I think parents must feel when they have a kid who does something bad and lets them down . I feel like he let me down and he let the sport down . '