If you ever wanted to push the boat out -LRB- literally -RRB- and stay at one of the most unusual hotels on the ocean , look no further than No Man 's Land Fort , a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent , which is set to open this month . The spectacular isolated fort , one of three guarding the entrance to the Solent , just off the coast of the Isle of Wight , has been turned into a luxury impregnable haven complete with a rooftop hot tub , shops and even its own nightclub , thanks to a multi-million pound revamp . The unique hotel looks like could be a fortress of a James Bond villain and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events . Scroll down for video . For those intent on relaxation , No Man 's offers its own spa , a choice of bars and a large sun deck for ocean views . The No Man 's Fort has been transformed by AmaZing Venues to become a luxury hotel , and is set to open on April 23 . With four floors packed with a variety of entertaining facilities , it 's a unique location that 's sure to leave guests with unforgettable memories . The sea fort is located 2 km out at sea , meaning guests have to make an exciting entrance by helicopter or by boat . On arrival at the ocean hotspot , guests can hit up the shops , restaurants , luxury spa , rooftop bar and firepit , cabaret bar , nightclub or LaZer Battle Arena . If water sports are more your style this is the perfect base for enjoying RIB rides , jet biking , sea kayaking , or kite surfing . A spokesman for AmaZing Venues said : ` No Man 's Fort is an inspiring private island that offers an unrivalled experience . ` It is three times the size of Spitbank Fort and boasts its own lighthouse with spectacular views across the Solent . ` You 'd think being a mile offshore is unique enough , but we 've crammed every possible space with unusual things to see and experience . Built between 1867 and 1880 , No Man 's Fort was one of several forts ordered by then-Prime Minister Lord Palmerston to fend off the French Navy . It needed a huge engineering effort to cut vast blocks of granite and transport them by barge to the building site , before they were lowered onto the sea bed for its foundations . At the time it cost £ 462,500 to build , which with inflation would be equivalent to more than £ 43million today . It was the first fort in England , and possibly Europe , to use hydraulic power to move the guns in horizontal and vertical planes for targeting and the first to be lighted throughout with electricity . The fort was in active use by the military up to 1957 - housing anti-aircraft guns during the Second World War - and became a scheduled ancient monument in 1967 . A developer bought it in 1987 to convert it into a luxury residence but failed to find a millionaire buyer . Birmingham businessman Harmesh Pooni bought it to run as as a corporate hospitality venue but he ran into financial difficulties and had to close down . He eventually barricaded himself inside until he was removed . The fort eventually sold in 2009 for just £ 910,000 . ` The potential of this magnificent sea fortress is only restrained by your imagination . ` A trip to the fort can be as relaxing or action-packed as you wish . ` For those intent on relaxation , No Man 's offers its own spa , a choice of bars and a large sun deck . ' Described on the website as ' 75,000 sq ft of fun , ' adventurers can unwind overlooking the spectacular rooftop views , whilst enjoying a BBQ , before retiring to one of the 23 luxury suites which cost £ 450 per night . Those who have the means to splash out on the best suite in the fort , the plush lighthouse facilities can cost £ 1,150 a night during the summer . Bond villain haven ! The modern fort has two helipad zones , as well as offering roof top BBQ facilities for an ocean-facing meal . Do not disturb ! The fort boasts 23 luxury suites and can sleep 44 guests , with prices ranging from £ 450 per night . A room with a view ! Not only does this hotel offer one of the most private hotel stays , but also incredible ocean views . The unusual destination boasts a colourful history and was even featured in the 1971 Dr Who episode , The Sea Devils , with Jon Pertwee . Built between 1867 and 1880 , it was originally used to defend the coast against French invasion , and was used during both world wars to protect Portsmouth Harbour from attacks . In order to construct the impressive fort , huge blocks of granite were transported by barge to the site , and were lowered onto the seabed for its foundations . Luxury loo ! The hotel has been renovated with many modern activities and facilities for guests to have a comfortable and memorable stay . Views above the atrium roof are spectacular , and guests can enjoy a meal on the roof overlooking the beautiful coast off the Isle of Wight . The thick 60ft-high concrete walls mean guests can rest easy knowing the fort can withstand any ocean waves crashing again its sides . While it would have cost about £ 462,500 to build when it was first created , inflation would equate to that figure being closer to £ 43million today . AmaZing Venues forked out £ 3million in first transforming sister venue , Spitbank Fort , which opened in 2012 , with this venture being three times as big . The glass atrium of the sea fort allows light to stream into the remote hotel . AmaZing Venues spent £ 3million transforming Spitbank Fort , which opened in 2012 , and this new sister venue is three times as big . One way to make an entrance ! Guests have to arrive at the isolated fort -LRB- right -RRB- by speedboat -LRB- left -RRB- or by helicopter . The remote hotel has two helipads for guests using this option .