Britons spend an astonishing £ 100 million a year on cough syrup -- when a glass of honey and lemon could work just as well , according to a new BBC television investigation . It claims that branded painkillers that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using ` clever marketing ' to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products , and that some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging throughout their ranges . Scroll down for video . ` Clever marketing ' : Dr Chris Van Tulleken with a range of packets that , he says , may contain exactly the same pills . The UK over-the-counter medicines market , which also includes painkillers and anti-fungal creams , is worth £ 2.5 billion , with brands vying for attention with brightly coloured packaging and promises that are questionable under scrutiny , claims Dr Chris Van Tulleken . In The Truth About Medicine , to be broadcast on Thursday , Dr Van Tulleken , an infectious diseases specialist , warns we should think less about convenience and more about the effectiveness of medicines . There are three main types of over-the-counter cough remedies , those that contain suppressants to alleviate symptoms of a dry , tickly cough , syrups that reduce the urge to cough by coating the throat , and products that help to thin sticky mucus , making coughing easier . Some also contain paracetamol or ibuprofen , both of which reduce a temperature , decongestants and antihistamines that can help sleep . Yet an authoritative study from Cardiff University 's Common Cold Centre claimed cough medicines work mostly through a placebo effect , and that just 15 per cent of the effect can be attributed to the medicines in them . PREVENT : Sores on the inside of the mouth or cheeks can be caused by damage to the lining of the mouth from hot foods , biting your cheek or even rubbing dentures . They can also be a sign of an iron or Vitamin B12 deficiency , so a balanced diet can help prevent them . Spicy foods and chocolate can be triggers , so keep a food diary if you have recurrent outbreaks to pinpoint problem foods . It 's also worth checking your toothpaste -- formulas that contain a foaming agent called sodium lauryl sulphate can cause mouth ulcers by reducing the protective mucus layer in the mouth . You might consider switching brands . TREAT : Over-the-counter antiseptic gels can bring relief from the stinging and help form a protective layer around the mouth ulcer to speed up healing . You could also try a medicated mouthwash containing chlorhexidine , which is anti-inflammatory and helps reduce bacteria . If you have had mouth ulcers for more than three weeks , go to your GP or dentist , who may prescribe steroids in the form of a tablet , mouth spray or gel . DO N'T BOTHER : Some people believe upping their Vitamin C intake will cure their mouth ulcers , as the vitamin is known to help the wound-healing process , but too much can actually irritate the mouth . Stick to the daily recommended allowance of 40 mg per day -LRB- 30 mg for children aged one to ten -RRB- through a healthy diet . A study of 60 over-the-counter medicines found that all but two contained sweeteners such as honey or sucrose , which can stimulate saliva and mucus production . In the documentary , Dr Van Tulleken shows how an old-fashioned remedy of honey and lemon could be just the tonic to banish a troublesome cough . He inhales pepper spray into his lungs , which makes him cough , then takes a lemon-and-honey concoction . He inhales the pepper spray once more , but does n't cough at all . Professor Alyn Morice of Hull University , who also appears in the programme , admits there is no good scientific answer as to why the home-made cure is as effective but , with no potential side effects , the health benefits are obvious . The Proprietary Association of Great Britain -LRB- PAGB -RRB- , a trade association representing manufacturers of over-the-counter medicines , says that although it is difficult to test the effectiveness of cough medicines , as the severity and duration of symptoms can vary , research has shown they are rated as effective by 90 per cent of consumers . The film also reveals that UK families spend £ 350 million on a variety of painkillers , with packaging claiming to specifically target ailments such as period pain , headaches or muscular problems . For example , Nurofen and Feminax both market forms of ibuprofen that are aimed specifically at those suffering from period pain , while Panadol ActiFast , which is a branded form of paracetamol , claims on the packet to treat tension headaches , period pains and toothache . But Dr Van Tulleken says that once the medicine is absorbed into the bloodstream , there is no way to send it to a particular part of the body . He also reveals that different branded packets all have an identical product licence number , which means they look different but contain exactly the same pills . ` It is n't that the manufacturers are being untruthful , but it is clever marketing to tempt you to spend more money , ' said Dr Van Tulleken . The investigation claims branded painkillers that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using ` clever marketing ' to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products . PAGB chief executive Matthew Speers told this newspaper : ` People search for products to treat their specific symptoms , so different labelling and packaging help people navigate the range more easily . ` There are different formulations and formats of over-the-counter medicines , which could mean a painkiller gets to work faster or provides pain relief for longer , even if it has the same active ingredient . ` For example , migraine products work faster while back pain products tend to be longer-lasting . ' Dr Van Tulleken says : ` Some medicines are a waste of our hard-earned cash . Products may be convenient but not necessarily effective . ' Excess production of the skin pigment melanin can cause blotchy uneven patches of darker skin , known as hyperpigmentation or , more commonly , liver spots . Although harmless , they can be unsightly , appearing most commonly on the backs of the hands . Sun damage is a common cause and pregnancy hormones can also trigger the condition . Two recent pregnancies and many years as a sun-worshipper have left me with blotches of darker skin just above my upper lip , on my cheeks and under my eyes . In the winter I cover them with a foundation , but as summer approaches I 'd rather not have to cover up with lots of make up . Where 's the solution ? The Bliss Labs active 99.0 anti-ageing facial is on offer at their day spa at South Kensington in London . What 's the treatment ? The 75-minute facial promises to firm , smooth and reduce the appearance of fine lines as well as helping to reduce the discoloration caused by hyperpigmentation . The therapist begins by cleansing my skin with an exfoliating powder cleanser . She then gets started with the microdermabrasion machine , which works like a mini-hoover to suck up the dead skin cells , and applies a glycolic peel which targets the hyperpigmentation by breaking apart the dead , damaged cells and peeling away the dark marks . After this she applies a serum , which contains kojic acid -LRB- this helps to reduce the appearance of dark spots and discoloration and even out the skin tone -RRB- and niacinamide , a form of Vitamin B which can even out skin tone . She then uses a wand attached to a micro-current machine to deliver tiny electrical impulses which enhance the penetration of the active ingredients in the serum . The micro-currents also have an anti-ageing effect by increasing blood and lymph circulation and boosting the production of collagen and elastin . The therapist follows up by applying an eye cream to help diminish puffiness and dark circles . She then applies an intensive moisturiser which contains glycolic acid -LRB- known to help fade the effects of hyperpigmentation -RRB- , and finishes off by applying an SPF 30 to the face -- important as microdermabrasion can increase the skin 's photosensitivity for two weeks . Does it work ? My skin felt fresher and clearer and its tone was brighter and more even . This was the perfect preparation for scaling down my make up routine as the summer approaches . The blisslabs active 99.0 facial is £ 195 . To book a treatment , call 020 7590 6146 or visit blissworld.co.uk .