Dr Habeeb Latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients during consultations . A married doctor sexually assaulted three female patients while pretending to carry out medical tests , a court heard yesterday . Habeeb Latheef , 48 , told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling . Instead the family GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip . The patients had booked appointments with the Indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles . Latheef is said to have told the women to turn away from him with their hands behind their backs . He put items in their grip , such as a pen and a key , telling the women this would measure their levels of sensitivity . One of the women suspected he was also using his penis and turned to see him bent over and doing up his zip . The alleged offences came to light in December 2011 when a 37-year-old patient contacted police an hour after her appointment with Latheef . The two other allegations from women relate to that year and to 2008 . William Hunter , prosecuting , said these two patients at the Hendford Medical Centre in Yeovil , Somerset , did not contact police because they feared they would not be believed . He told Taunton Crown Court the 37-year-old woman visited Latheef with a stiff neck and headache . After a number of tests , Latheef suggested he should measure her sensitivity . The married GP was working at the Hendford Medical Centre surgery in Yeovil , Somerset , pictured . Latheef is on trial at Taunton Crown Court , pictured above , accused of carrying out the assaults over a four year period . Mr Hunter said : ` He put a pen in her hand . She felt that . He then put a small key in her hand , she felt that . He then put his finger in her hand . ` She was able to easily recognise each item . Then he put his penis in her hand . He did this more than once . ` It felt different to all the other items . She knew it was a penis . She was shocked . She asked him what he was putting into her hand . ` As she turned around the defendant was bending over and zipping up his trousers . The defendant said it was his finger . ' Mr Hunter said the mother of two was a ` mature woman ' and knew exactly what she had felt in her hand . Latheef , of Yeovil , denies three charges of sexual assault between February 2008 and December 2011 . The trial continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .