Ringside tickets for the upcoming fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio are fetching upwards of $ 130,000 online after official outlets sold out within minutes on Thursday night . Due to the high Pay-per-view price of the fight -LRB- $ 89.99 - $ 99.99 -RRB- , its anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like Periscope or Meerkat . If that were to happen , broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions as viewers illegally stream the content between their devices without paying to watch the richest fight in history . Scroll down for video . Floyd Mayweather -LRB- left -RRB- and Manny Pacquiao -LRB- right -RRB- will fight on Saturday , May 2 , in Las Vegas , Nevada . The MGM Grand marquee was lit up with the pair of boxers ahead of their highly-anticipated fight on May 2 . Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the bout via apps like Periscope -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Launched by Twitter , Periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers . The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user 's phone . The app was recently used by many to watch the season five premiere of HBO 's Game of Thrones . ` We are aware of Periscope and have sent takedown notices , ' an HBO spokeswoman said in a statement . ` In general , we feel developers should have tools which proactively prevent mass copyright infringement from occurring on their apps and not be solely reliant upon notifications . ' When the two decorated fighters square off on May 2 , the WBO , WBA and WBC titles will all be on the line . One lucky English fan managed to snare a ticket to the fight for $ 7,924 and tweeted his booking confirmation . Periscope allows users to stream live video from their phones to their Twitter accounts with the click of a button . The live streams can be filmed on iPhones and iPads and watched through smartphones , desktops or laptops either through the app or on Twitter 's site . Periscope saves the video streams once you are finished , so that they can be viewed for up to 24 hours - while rival Meerkat 's live video disappears once you choose the broadcast to end . Existing Twitter users can download the app via the App Store for free before being offered the option of subscribing to their followers ' Periscope broadcasts . CLICK HERE to read Periscope 's terms of service . Around 500 tickets to the May 2 welterweight unification clash went on sale to the general public through Mgmgrand.com and Ticketmaster.com with prices beginning at $ 1,500 and ranging up to $ 7,500 . The majority of seats in the 16,500-seater MGM Grand were already allocated to the hotel , Mayweather Promotions and Top Rank , the group that promotes Pacquiao . Five price categories were offered at face value but by Friday morning prices were varying from $ 5,900 to $ 130,000 on secondary sales sites like StubHub . Prospective buyers were limited to four tickets per person . The MGM Grand 's website experienced issues minutes before the 8 pm start time due to high traffic . The May 2 bout is one of the most anticipated in boxing history with the WBO , WBA and WBC titles all on the line . There were fears the fight was under threat due to a stand-off over ticketing but the dispute came to an end on Wednesday evening when the contracts between the hotel and the promotional companies representing Mayweather and Pacquiao were signed . Overall revenue from ticket sales is expected to scale $ 76million , breaking the previous record by three times and elevating the size and location of the rival camps ' allocations at the MGM Grand 's Garden Arena into a key area of negotiation . Further money will be raised from closed-circuit broadcasts of the fight at MGM properties , with up to 50,000 tickets being made available at $ 150 apiece . Overall revenue from ticket sales is expected to scale $ 76million , breaking the previous record by three times . Prices for fight tickets were varying from $ 5,900 to $ 130,000 on secondary sales sites like StubHub on Friday . Pacquiao has n't shown knockout power lately and many expect that judges ' scorecards will settle the fight .