Andy Murray 's coach has announced she is pregnant -- two days before the British tennis star 's wedding to Kim Sears . Former world No 1 Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August , and will be heavily pregnant as she guides Murray through Wimbledon . The openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on social media on Thursday night . Amelie Mauresmo was appointed as Andy Murray 's coach last summer . Mauresmo revealed on Twitter : ` Baby will be here in august ! #pregnant So happy . ' Murray , 27 , marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday and the news is likely to overshadow their preparations . Mauresmo , who won Wimbledon and the Australian Open titles in 2006 , came out as gay at the 1999 Australian Open . Mauresmo roars on Murray during his Australian Open quarter-final clash with Nick Kyrgios in January . Thursday 's Tweet was accompanied by a photo of a pair of baby-sized blue All Star trainers next to a pair of adult shoes . Mauresmo was appointed as Murray 's coach in June 2014 following his split from Ivan Lendl three months earlier . Much of the initial debate around Mauresmo 's appointment centred on whether she could instil a more aggressive attitude in Murray . But it also focused on whether he could rediscover the self-control that became so evident under Lendl . Mauresmo , a former world number one , won Wimbledon and Australian Open singles titles back in 2006 . Mauresmo celebrates beating Justine Henin-Hardenne to win Wimbledon in 2006 . Mauresmo also won the Australian Open in 2006 . Away from the court , on which he is ferociously competitive , Murray is said to be thoughtful , with a gentle and sensitive side , similar to softly spoken Mauresmo . He was forced to defend her appointment , saying : ` She was someone who struggled with nerves and conquered them later in her career . Someone like that can help more than someone who has n't had those issues before . ` You can talk about Amelie 's accomplishments , she won a lot . She was No 1 in the world , she won multiple Grand Slams , she had a creative game style . As a person , she is very nice , very easy to communicate with , but she is firm as well . So those are the reasons I wanted to give it a shot . ' Murray insisted his coaching liaison with Mauresmo was long-term after he surrendered his Wimbledon crown last summer . The Scot arrived back in Britain on Monday as world No 3 in the new rankings . Despite his recent tournament finishes getting him back near the top of his game , Murray has had to put tennis aside this week as he and Kim Sears make last-minute preparations for their wedding on Saturday .