Creating romantic , sepia-toned images is a cinch now that we have Instagram filters to play with . But back in the early 21st century , taking a picture was an entirely different process , requiring patience , precision and a very talented eye . Dreamlike snaps of a young woman in red posing at Lulworth Cove , Dorset , in 1913 have now been revealed as some of the earliest surviving colour photographs . Scroll down for video . A collection of pictures of Christina O'Gorman posing for her father , electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn O'Gorman , back in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs ever taken . The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove , Dorset , when Malcolm was 42 . The images are part of the Royal Photographic Society , held at the National Media Museum , and are currently on display at the National Media Museum , Bradford . They are among a collection of the world 's oldest surviving photographs . The woman in question was teenager Christina O'Gorman , posing for her father , electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn O'Gorman back in 1913 . Mervyn was 42 at the time when he took the images of his daughter , who languidly sits , in an array of vibrant red outfits , including a swimsuit , a cloak and a shirt . The teen , characterised by her long strawberry-blonde hair , poses in different scenarios on the beach at Lulworth Cove in the English county of Dorset and appears unaware of her father . The delicately-coloured images are on display at the National Media Museum in Bradford . Christina is seen sitting on the Dorset beach with friends in the 102-year-old images . The strawberry-blonde teenager wore red , probably at the request of her father as the vibrant colour captured particularly well via the autochrome process . Mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and used the autochrome process to capture the haunting images . Patented in 1903 , the process involved using glass plates covered in potato starches grains to filter pictures with dye . Mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and often used the autochrome process , which involved using glass plates covered in potato starches grains to filter pictures with dye . Christina 's life remains a mystery as there are no recorded detail of the then-teen 's life . The National Media Museum explained : ` The comparatively long exposure time has given the sea a glassy quality and the large aperture setting and narrow depth of field has put Durdle Door in the background into soft focus . ' The repetition of the red attire was due to the fact that the vibrant colour captured particularly well in an autochrome process . Mervyn died in 1958 , with his wife Florence passing 27 years beforehand in 1931 . As to Christina 's life , there are no recorded details .