A mother-of-two who was abused by her own father throughout her childhood has spoken out after he was jailed for 22 years . Mandy Greenwood , 39 , from Rochdale , Greater Manchester , said : ` My dad used to tell me he only did it because he loved me . I was more like his wife than his daughter . ` Now he 's in jail the sense of freedom and relief is incredible . He can never hurt another child again . ' Brave : Mandy Greenwood has spoken out about the father who abused her as a child . Mandy carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years -- and it was only after she confided in her husband , Dave , that she felt strong enough to seek help . She has waived her right to anonymity in the hope that other victims of abuse will come forward too . Mandy 's abuse began at the age of seven , when her father , Keith Whitworth , now 61 , came into her bedroom and woke her up during the night . What began as touching became rape on an almost daily basis . Mandy said : ` I would cry myself to sleep each night . There was nobody for me to confide in . I felt so alone and so sad . I was n't close to my mum at all . ` Sometimes he would take me to the park -- what seemed like a nice trip out -- but he would abuse me then too . Guilty : Keith Whitworth has been jailed for 22 years for a catalogue of abuse against three children . ` He would tell me : ` I 'm only doing this because I love you . ' ` In my child 's mind , I thought of myself as his wife rather than his daughter . ' As a child , Mandy was given a choice at bedtime ; she could either go to bed early or take a beating with her father 's belt . She said : ` My siblings would go to bed but I would take the belt because I did n't want to go to bed . I was scared of going to bed . ` It was a no-win situation and it was only as an adult that I realised how twisted and cruel he was . ' New family : Mandy escaped home life by getting pregnant with her daughter at 15 , and son four years later . In a desperate effort to escape her home life , Mandy became pregnant . At 15 , she had a daughter , and four years later she had a son . She said : ` To me , sex was nothing special . It was a dirty , unpleasant thing . I wanted a baby because I needed my own family . ` When my daughter was born , I felt a surge of love and happiness that I had never experienced before . I left home and I was determined to be a good mum . It was my focus in life . ' Mandy did not return home and the abuse stopped . But her father lived nearby and she saw him on a regular basis . She said : ` At first , I tried to keep a friendly relationship , for the sake of appearances . But he was very touchy-feely -- always pushing the boundaries . ` The abuse was never mentioned . It was like the elephant in the room . It weighed me down , physically , all through my life . ` Once , I plucked up courage to ask him why he did it , and he replied : `` I only did it because I loved you . '' Realising she could no longer cope with him in her life , Mandy stopped all contact . At the age of 20 , Mandy met Dave , a friend of her brother . Despite being a single mother to two children already , she and Dave hit it off immediately . Mandy said : ` Dave was like a breath of fresh air . He was a real giggle . ' Fresh start : Mandy met her husband Dave at 20 . ` He was like a breath of fresh air , ' she said . As the couple grew closer , Mandy decided to confide in someone about the abuse -- for the first time in her life . She said : ` Until then , I had bottled it up inside . I had n't told anyone . But I felt I could trust Dave . I knew he was there for me . ' Dave urged her to seek help . But Mandy could not face telling the police . Trust : Mandy felt she could trust Dave and , for the first time in her life , confided about the abuse she suffered . Moving on : Mandy had severed all contact with her father by the time she married Dave and admits that she was never very close to her mother . She said : ` Dave was very supportive . I had a lot of problems sexually -- I would sometimes freeze when he touched me , and after sex I would have to have a bath . I felt dirty and upset . ` But Dave was very patient and understanding . ` I tried to bury it all , and concentrate on my children . They brought me so much happiness . And Dave was my rock . ` But I could not forget the abuse . It was there , at the front of my mind , each day . I kept hearing his voice , in flashbacks . ' Two years ago , Mandy finally plucked up courage to go to the police . In February 2013 , her father , Keith Whitworth - who committed a catalogue of sexual abuse against three children -- was jailed . Whitworth was found guilty of 23 historic child sex offences , including rape , attempted rape , buggery , indecent assault and indecency against a child . Hoping to help : Mandy , from Greater Manchester , has waived her right to anonymity in the hope that other victims of abuse will come forward too . At Bolton Crown Court he was sentenced to 22 years and made subject to an indefinite sexual offences prevention order . Detective Constable Lesley Nolan-Brennan , said : ` The detail of the shocking abuse suffered by the victims is quite frankly stomach-churning . ` Over a prolonged period Whitworth repeatedly abused three very young children . The consequences of his actions have been life-changing for them all . ` They have had to relive their ordeal in open court and I must commend their courage in doing so . ` I hope they feel a sense of justice now he has been sentenced . '