A former air stewardess who was struck down by a devastating illness is making her catwalk debut today in a wheelchair . Gemma Flanagan , 31 , from Liverpool , was left paralysed after suddenly being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome , a rare condition which attacks the nervous system . The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck . But the aspiring model , 31 , is n't letting that hold her back as she makes her catwalk debut today . Air hostess Gemma Flanagan , pictured strengthening her legs , left , and in a wheelchair , right , was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome . She said : ` I had just come back from Las Vegas and felt odd , like I was jet-lagged . My legs were heavy and I had pins and needles . ' Gemma assumed partying in six-inch heels during her stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs . But for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body , unable to move , speak or even swallow as the illness - which affects only one in 50,000 people in the UK - took hold . She assumed partying during a stop over was the cause of her pain - but she had Guillain-Barre Syndrome . After returning from a flight she felt jet-lagged ; her legs were heavy and she had pins and needles . Gemma was used to getting sore feet from partying in heels and never thought she might end up paralysed . Tests in October 2011 confirmed the diagnosis which led to Gemma first having to use crutches - and now a wheelchair . She spent seven months in the specialist Walton Neuro Rehabilitation Unit in Merseyside where she learned to talk , write and even partly walk again . Today , the aspiring model is taking part in a show called ` The Beauty Within ' by Models of Diversity at London 's Olympia . It is designed to show anyone can be beautiful , whatever their age , size or disability . Gemma said : ` People think sexy and disability do n't go together , that you ca n't be sexy in a wheelchair , that you ca n't be glamorous , but I want to show that you can . ` It is more difficult because when you are walking you can maybe do a little dance but , in a wheelchair , you 're a little more limited . After tests confirmed her diagnosis , Gemma spent months in the specialist Walton Neuro Rehabilitation Unit . ` But I 'm looking forward to it - and I just hope I do n't roll off the end ! ' Gemma will soon move to a bungalow with her boyfriend because she finds it increasingly difficult to get upstairs . And she admits having to use her wheelchair more frequently has previously left her in tears . She added : ` It 's about seeing beyond the metal and the rubber , the wheelchair , to see the person behind it or in it . ' Today , the aspiring model is taking part in a show called The Beauty Within , showing anyone can be beautiful . The aspiring model - seen here at the races - wants to show that you can be glamorous in a wheelchair . Gemma , pictured with the mobility scooter she sometimes uses to get around . ` Sometimes I do feel like I 'm losing control but I have to try to stay positive and tell myself I have got through worse since my diagnosis . ` That 's why I wanted to model in my chair . It 's sticking two fingers up to things and saying you can do things , you just have to do things in a different way . ` It 's about your personality , who you are inside . Doing the fashion show is saying `` this is me '' . '