She recently revealed her then boyfriend Jerry O'Connell ` flirted with and felt up ' Rebecca Romijn at a party over a decade ago . And photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before Giuliana Rancic became a woman scorned . The television personality - with the maiden name DePandi at the time - cuddled up to the Stand By Me actor on the red carpet at the Maxim Magazine Hot 100 party in Las Vegas back in June 2004 . Scroll down for video . Former flame : Giuliana Rancic and Jerry O'Connell were pictured together at the Maxim Hot 100 party in Las Vegas in June of 2004 . The other woman : Also in attendance at the event was actress Rebecca Romijn . Giuliana looked perfectly content to pose with the actor , but Jerry 's attention seemed to be elsewhere as he appeared to be rather distracted . The blonde beauty was flying solo to the event as she had announced her separation with actor John Stamos just two months prior . However she appeared to be still sporting the ring on her wedding finger as she showed off her model frame in a black ensemble . Her divorce with the Full House star was made official March 2005 . Juicy : In her new book the 40-year-old television presenter revealed that Jerry was ` talking up Rebecca as a prelude to feeling up Rebecca ' , as he appeared to be a bit distracted while the couple posed for pictures . In an excerpt of her upcoming memoir titled Going Off Script obtained by Page Six , Giuliana dishes the details of Jerry and Rebecca 's rather scandalous meeting . ` Little did I know he was in the VIP area , talking up Rebecca . As a prelude to feeling up Rebecca , ' she wrote . Following his encounter with the X-Men actress at the party , Jerry became unreachable , and Giuliana decided to talk to him face-to-face at his residence . Newly single : Rebecca was all alone at the event as she had just announced her separation to actor John Stamos just two months prior , but appeared to still be wearing the wedding ring . Beautiful in black : It was no wonder that Jerry was enchanted with the X-Men actress at the event as she showed off her model figure in a dark ensemble . There , the actor flippantly dumped her : ` Nope . Sorry , homegirl ... Things change , but you take care , OK ? ' Jerry and Rebecca went on to marry in 2007 and have two children together . This all happened after a prior incident of the Jerry Maguire star 's infidelity as she detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry , who she first met in San Diego . Their romance - which ran from 2003 to 2004 - turned sour when Giuliana discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with Geri Halliwell , aka Ginger Spice . Still together : Jerry married Rebecca in 2007 ; here the couple are pictured in February in Los Angeles . The E! star wrote of the affair : ` I was being two-timed for one of the lesser Spices ? ' Jerry 's apology did not exactly impress the TV star . ' `` Yeah , I know . I 'm so sorry . I do n't know what happened . '' He had as much emotion as the customer-service representative who tells you your bags missed the flight , ' she penned . He sure was busy : Jerry also had a fling with Geri Halliwell from The Spice Girls ; here she is pictured far left with her band mates Victoria Beckham , Emma Bunton , Mel B and Mel C . Giuliana ended up giving Jerry another shot , which was followed by the events at the Maxim party with the former Sports Illustrated cover girl . While Giuliana 's love life is now going strong with husband Bill Rancic , the actress has now found herself putting out another fire . Just a month earlier the now 40-year-old star stirred up controversy when she commented on Fashion Police that Zendaya smelled of ` patchouli oil ' or ` weed ' when she arrived to the Oscars with dreadlocks . Love at last : Giuliana has been married to The Apprentice winner Bill Rancic since 2007 - here the couple are pictured in October in Los Angeles . On Monday , Giuliana - who looked fantastic with a bubble gum pink lace top that was paired with a high-waisted white peplum skirt - appeared on the talked to theToday Show to talk about the incident . ` I made a reference to the hippie culture . I talked about patchouli oil , which is a hippie perfume . And in the editing process , some of the gestures I made , some of the things I said were taken out for time , ' the beauty said . ` I made peace signs , I said `` bohemian '' twice - those were taken out for time . ' Dishing the details : She looked fantastic while leaving the Trump International Hotel in New York City on Monday , just a day before release of her new tell-all Going Off Script , which details romance with Jerry . Pink lady : The TV personality was hard to miss with her bubble gum pink top and white peplum skirt . Burberry long heritage trench coat . Click to buy it now ! Visit site . They say your clothes can tell a thousand stories and that certainly seems to be the case with Giuliana latest ensemble . The E! presenter looked defiantly optimistic in this colourful look , rocking a fuchsia dress with a fluted hem with white Louboutins . Giuliana finished off the look effortlessly with a Burberry trench slung over her shoulders . After the Zendaya controversy she 's been embroiled in recently , this outfit seemed to shrug off the negativity in style . We love this trench in particular - a classic Burberry number , this chic cover-up will never go out of style and is synonymous with timeless fashion . Slung over your shoulders like Giuliana or wrapped up and belted , this outerwear will truly stand the test of time ! Click right to snap it up now , or head to our edit below for similar picks . From Karen Millen to Vero Moda we 've got all budgets covered . Vila classic trench coat at ASOS . Visit site . Vero Moda Vmfame trench coat at Nelly.com . Visit site . MICHAEL Michael Kors Trench Coat at Zappos . Visit site . Dorothy Perkins crepe trench coatv -LRB- now reduced to $ 44 -RRB- . Visit site . Saying her piece : The E! star aired her side of the Fashion Police controversy in an interview with Today . ` So when the joke aired , some people were offended by it . I find racism reprehensible . I do n't tolerate it at all . Nor have I ever . ' ` I thought that the joke was not edited in a proper way . And that 's just something I have to live with . ' Giuliana 's new tell-all , Going Off Script , will be available for purchase on April 7 . Busy day : Later on Monday , Giuliana continued promoting her upcoming book as she made an appearance at the LinkedIn studios in New York City on Monday . Costume change : She donned a much more business chic look as she wore a sheer navy and white blouse , black ankle trousers and matching leather heels . Coming soon : Giuliana 's new tell-all , Going Off Script , will be available for purchase on April 7 .