A San Antonio man who fatally shot a SWAT team member with the officer 's own gun more than 14 years ago was executed on Wednesday . Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John ` Rocky ' Riojas in February 2001 . He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year . The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case , and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution . Manuel Garza Jr. was given the death sentence after killing San Antonio Police Officer John ` Rocky ' Riojas in February 2001 . Asked to make a final statement , Garza said he was sorry for causing pain to his family , friends and ` especially police officers ' . ` y . all probably hate me , ' he said , looking at three friends of his victim , dressed in their navy blue San Antonio police uniforms . He wished them ` peace and love and hope y ' all find God like I have and I 'll see you on the other side . ' As the lethal drug began taking effect , Garza uttered : ` Here it comes ! ' His voice rose as he said ` Goodbye , ' and then he let out a howl that was cut short within seconds as he took three deep breaths , then a couple of shallow ones . He was pronounced dead 26 minutes later at 6.40 pm . Before his death , Garza was given the same food as the rest of the inmates in his unit for his final meal because Texas no longer allows special-order last meals , according toLast Suppers . He had a grilled pork chop , sweet potatoes , green beans , black beans , cornbread , and peach cake , with a choice of water , tea , or punch to drink . Garza , 35 , already had a long criminal record at age 20 when he was stopped by Riojas , who was part of a team targeting property crimes at apartment complexes . Garza ran off and witnesses say that when Riojas caught up with him , the two struggled and Garza grabbed the officer 's gun . Riojas , 37 , was fatally shot in the head . Witnesses said Garza put Riojas 's gun in his pants , cursed at the fallen officer , and ran away . Garza was apprehended a day later at his sister 's apartment after an informant told detectives that someone had tried to sell him the officer 's missing semi-automatic service weapon . In a statement to detectives , Garza blamed Riojas . ` I truly think this was the cop 's fault , ' he said . ` I do n't see why he wanted to pull out his gun . ' Garza said he initially ran because he feared the officer would discover he was wanted on outstanding warrants . ` I did n't want to go to jail , ' he said . While being escorted to a holding cell after his arrest , court documents described Garza as cocky and smirking . Riojas -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 37 , was part of a team targeting property crimes at apartment complexes . Garza fled when he was stopped by Riojas , which led to a struggle and the police officer 's death . He used obscenity-laced language to tell officers they were ` lucky I did n't get y ' all ... too . ' The San Antonio Police Officers Association provided buses for officers to make the 200-mile-trip to Huntsville . Several dozen police officers were outside the prison Wednesday evening , and stood at attention and saluted as Riojas ' sister - who also is with the San Antonio department and watched Garza die - and the officer-witnesses emerged . ` We want them to see we do care and the salute is a form of respect , ' said Mike Helle , president of the association . But Helle , who was in the same police academy training class with Riojas , said the execution ` does n't bring back my classmate and my friend . ' Defense attorneys had said the shooting was accidental and Garza was a product of childhood neglect and abuse . In a 2013 failed appeal , attorney Michael Gross said Garza 's family encouraged him to break the law . His criminal record began at age 14 , and included burglaries , thefts , escape from custody and leading police on a stolen car chase . Texas carries out the death penalty more than any other state . Garza was the first inmate executed with a new supply of pentobarbital recently obtained by Texas Department of Criminal Justice officials that would allow his and two other lethal injections scheduled for this month to be carried out . If the other two take place , the state prison agency once again will have to replenish its inventory of the scarce drug or find a new chemical to accommodate at least three more scheduled executions beginning next month . Drug manufacturers , under pressure from death penalty opponents , have been withholding their products for use in capital punishment .