A Sydney anti-ageing doctor has been found guilty of medical misconduct after it was revealed she had been inappropriately prescribing drugs such as steroids and hormones to her patients . Dr Julie Epstein could also face being struck off after an investigation revealed she had been giving substances such as anabolic steroids to some 40 patients , some of whom had trouble with similar drugs in the past . The doctor , who opened one of NSW 's first anti-ageing clinics , has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission -LRB- HCCC -RRB- for her conduct between August 2007 and August 2009 , Fairfax Media reports . Sydney anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein -LRB- not pictured -RRB- has been found guilty of medical misconduct . On Monday the NSW Civil and Administrative Tribunal found that Dr Epstein had been prescribing human growth hormone and other similar subtances ` without exercising responsible medical judgement ' . The tribunal also revealed that some patients receiving these medications , such as bodybuilders and bouncers , had a history of abusing such substances . Other patients that visited Dr Epstein , who currently works at Atarmon on Sydney 's north shore , were a woman with a history of mental illness and eating disorders , someone who was HIV positive , and another with warning signs of prostate cancer . The fact that the anti-ageing doctor failed to measure patients body weight or body mass index before prescribing dosages , and simply took patients ' word on symptoms were also aired at the tribunal . The doctor is well known practitioner and has previously appeared in the media commenting on anti-ageing practices and similar areas . A tribunal found she was irresponsible diagnosing medications such as steroids and keeping inaccurate patient records . Dr Epstein also neglected to keep accurate or comprehensive records , and failed in communication with referring doctors . The five medications she prescribed were , according to Fairfax Media 's report , anastrozole -LRB- Arimidex -RRB- , human chorionic gonadotrophin , human growth hormone , nandrolone deconoate and testosterone . While the doctor prescribed drugs ` off-record ' , which means for a use other than their intended purpose , this in itself is not illegal . But the tribunal found that in conjuction with her other questionable practices , it was ` difficult to find the practitioner 's off-label prescribing as conforming to acceptable medical practice ' . Dr Epstein 's barrister , Philip Greenwood SC asked the tribunal not to align his client 's anti-ageing practice with that of conventional medicine . Mr Greenwood cited numerous medical studies which supported her actions , which were also supported by innovation in the industry . Dr Epstein has been a medical practitioner for 40 years and currently works in Artarmon on Sydney 's north-short -LRB- pictured -RRB- . However lawyers for the HCCC argued the case was not about the validity Dr Epstein 's anti-ageing practices but her responsibility as a practitioner . The anti-ageing doctor had previously warned in 2007 about the prescription of steroids , and came to the attention of authorities again when a patient had the drugs seized when travelling overseas . Following these instances , restrictions were placed on her medical licence in 2009 . During a hearing last year Dr Epstein said she had changed her procedures to include physical checks of her patients . She spoke about her four decade long medical history , and spoke about her interest in ` preventative medicine ' . But the tribunal deemed her practice as ` naive ' , 'em otionally swayed ' , and in some cases ` placed her patients at risk ' . A hearing set to be held in April will determine whether Dr Epstein 's medical licence will be cancelled .