It looks like a clumsy bottle top , or maybe the missing part of a child 's toy . But according to a mother and daughter team behind this simple plastic device , it can achieve an Angelina Jolie-sized pout without resort to chemicals , needles or a hefty bill . The ` Fullips ' device , a sort of suction-thimble , has already been seen at West End parties , and is going viral online . At a recent party in London 's Bulgari Hotel gaggles of models crowded around the bathroom sink mirrors together , not to powder their nose ... but to suction their lips into the sort of look which is all the rage . Apparently , the device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus , and this draws blood to the surface of the lips , which swell . Scroll down for video . Lipsmacking : Charlotte puckers up with the Fullips device , a sort of suction-thimble , that has gone viral online . I 've never been one to resist a celebrity fad , so I sceptically ordered a set -- Arizona-based inventors Linda Gomez and her daughter Krystle sell them for £ 30 . A day later the enhancers arrived in a selection of three sizes , each one claiming to give a different shaped pout to a different sized mouth . A long list of instructions comes with a link to a YouTube instruction video which has had more than a million hits . For seven minutes Krystle talks to camera about how her 50-year-old mother 's advancing age means she needs lubrication in the form of moisturiser to establishing ` tighter suction ' around her mouth and other methods . Having watched carefully , I gave it a go and was shocked to find that the device does work ... sort of . The results were not as dramatic as I had hoped , nor quite as long lasting . The reality is that my lips went rather blue and then got a bit puffy and then went back to normal after a few minutes . What lasted longer was the big red mark around my mouth . Indeed , the instructions warn that bruising is a danger . By the time I sat in front of the camera lens my lips had deflated , along with my enthusiasm and I was forced to resort to the tried-and-tested technique that has never failed me on a red carpet yet ... the good old fashioned ` mwah-mwah ' trout pout ! Final result : The team behind Fullips claim it can achieve an Angelina Jolie-sized pout , but Charlotte found the results were not quite as dramatic as she had hoped .