For any hopeful parent who wants to know what life is really like with a newborn baby , never fear , a clever mom has filled a void on the internet by providing a wide range of hilarious spoof reviews seemingly written by frustrated owners displeased with their young baby children . Raquel D'Apice , a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey , has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns , an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today . Raquel , who posts the reviews on her humorous parenting blog The Ugly Volvo , told Today that she came up with the idea of the parody posts after she was searching for something on Yelp and realized that there were reviews for everything except babies . Funny mom : Raquel D'Apice , pictured with her son , created Yelp Reviews of Newborns , an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today . Not happy : NotLovingIt wrote that she wished she ` had read the reviews ' before deciding to have a baby . And just like the website that inspired it , Yelp Reviews of Newborns was written from the perspective of fictional parents who have ranked their individual experiences with their babies by giving them a star rating out of five . ` Calling this a disappointment is an understatement , ' fictional reviewer HavntSlept , from New York City , wrote before she complained about the ` long grueling hours ' , lack of pay and the ` unnatural amount of stress ' that comes with being a parent . The new mom , who gave motherhood one star out of five , added : ` If I could give it zero stars I would . ' Meanwhile , NewMom417 , from Guttenberg , New Jersey , noted that her ` extremely long wait ' of more than nine months was ` unacceptable ' before she went on to graphically describe her delivery . ` First off , gross . There 's a reason the brochures do n't show you how the baby gets out of your body because that whole party is disgusting , ' she wrote . ' Filled with joy : The comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey can be seen with her smiling baby . Not recommended : NewMom417 gave a detailed list of all the reasons why she was unsatisfied with her newborn . After she continued to voice her complains about ` set up and calibration ' , as well as ` user experience ' , she advised hopeful parents not to waste their time . Less than a week after NewMom417 's review was ` posted ' , her newborn baby responded with a ` Message from Proprietor ' . ` We understand that people often come to this with unrealistic expectations -LRB- not your fault and we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused , ' the message read . The baby ended the posting by saying : ` Sorry for the inconvenience -LRB- we know , it can be difficult -RRB- but please hang in there and best of luck in the upcoming months . Thanks for your patronage ! ' And while Raquel used her experiences has a mom to write the clever rankings , they 're not all bad . In fact , some of the Yelp Reviews of Newborns reviewers she created ca n't stop gushing about what a joy it is to have children . KidsRMyJam , from Long Island City , New York , gave her newborn give out of five stars . So disappointing : Meanwhile , HavntSlept complained about the ` long grueling hours ' dedicated to her baby before noting that she would have given her baby ` zero stars ' if she could . Happy camper : The reviewer KidsRMyJam called parenthood the ` greatest experience ever ' ` Greatest experience ever . So worth it - like your life beforehand was two dimensional and suddenly having a child allows you to experience a third dimension , ' the satisfied customer wrote , before adding : ` We 've done it twice and would be happy to go back . ' OvrTheMoon , from Southport , Connecticut , agreed , writing : ` This newborn is my entire reason for living and has brought such meaning to my life in a way nothing else has . ' Meanwhile , Raquel 's other fictional parents advised others to stick it out . Manhattan-based dad ThnxButNoThnx wrote : ` Sorry not a fan ' on his one star review in 2014 , but a year later he came back to edit his original post . ` OK . Still give the newborns one star , but it 's been a year now and I 'm actually really into this , ' he added . ` For those of you who do n't like it , give it time . It totally gets better . Raquel , who worked as a stand-up comedian for 10 years before she had her son , transferred her humor over to her parenting blog when she no longer had time to perform in comedy clubs . ' -LSB- The blog posts -RSB- are just kind of about having a child in general and not having -LSB- my son 's -RSB- entire childhood documented , ' she told Today . ` It is just about kids ... I am bringing up things I think -LSB- parents -RSB- have in common . '