NHS bosses have today come under fire after it emerged a hospital paid a temporary nurse £ 2,200 to cover a single 12-hour shift . The figure , which equates to £ 183 an hour , was paid by the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust . It represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a Freedom of Information request . It also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year . The trust , which runs the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital and the Princess Royal Hospital in Telford , has been criticised for wasting taxpayers ' money . The Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £ 2,200 to a temporary nurse for one 12-hour shift to help amid a shortage of trained nurses , a Freedom of Information request revealed -LRB- file picture -RRB- . Jonathan Isaby , chief executive of the TaxPayers ' Alliance , said : ` Taxpayers will be aghast at the cost of just one shift . ` Agency nurses are far more expensive than their regular counterparts and we have to minimise the number used . ` You ca n't open a newspaper without hearing how tight finances are in the NHS , but the service has to become far more efficient with the money it already has . ' Edmund Stubbs , from independent think tank Civitas , added : ` It is evident that a lack of staff is leading to excessive spending on agency staff , locums and overseas recruitment . ' A spokesman for the trust said the £ 2,200 figure includes VAT , adding that the true figure paid to the nurse , including travel expenses , was £ 1,864 . The shift covered was one in specialist Intensive Therapy Unit on a Bank Holiday . Defending their spending , Sarah Bloomfield , director of nursing at Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust , said temporary staff had to be used to cover a shortfall in trained nurses . She highlighted their situation is one shared by many hospitals across the UK . She added : ` We have said consistently that we want to recruit more nurses to reduce our reliance on agency and temporary staff and this has been widely publicised with a number of recruitment events taking place recently to attract new staff . ` We have recruited , or made offers to , more than 150 staff nurses and health care assistants in recent months as part of our efforts to recruit more nursing staff to support our wards and departments . Defending the spend Sarah Bloomfield , director of nursing at the trust , said temporary staff had to be used to cover a shortfall in trained nurses . She said in recent months the hospitals have recruited more than 150 nurses and healthcare assistants . ` These new recruits have included a number who have been offered positions through a successful nursing recruitment event at the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital just last week , which we will repeat again on Thursday . ` We 'll continue our efforts to ensure that over the coming months we will see fewer agency nurses on our wards as our new starters get settled in , which will mean better continuity of care and more support for ward teams . ' Figures obtained by the Nursing and Midwifery Council also revealed nearly a third of nursing recruits in the UK had to be sought abroad last year . NHS spending on temporary staff has rocketed to a staggering £ 2.5 billion a year because of a chronic shortage of British nurses . The number of foreign nurses and midwives registered in the past 12 months grew to 8,200 , up from just 6,200 a year earlier . Around 7,500 came from the EU - particularly Spain , Italy and Portugal - with others came from further afield , including the Philippines . It also emerged that 29 per cent of new nurses were recruited from abroad in the past 12 months , compared to 11 per cent five years ago .