A star college athlete and a classmate from Alabama 's Troy University have been suspended after authorities discovered a cellphone video that allegedly shows them sexually assaulting a woman at a beach while a large crowd of spring-break revelers watches . Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the ` most disgusting , sickening thing ' he had ever seen likened the scene to ` wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods ' . He says the footage shows several men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair . Delonte Martistee , 22 , of Bainbridge , Georgia , and Ryan Calhoun , 23 , of Mobile , Alabama , were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12 . Delonte Martistee , 22 -LRB- left -RRB- , and Ryan Calhoun , 23 -LRB- right -RRB- , have been officially suspended from Troy University in the wake of sexual assault claims . The two were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City , Florida last month . The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair . The unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident . Above , the beach behind Spinnaker is seen on April 12 , 2015 . ` She knows something happened , but she does n't know what happened , ' Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen said . Authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and additional arrests are expected . Friday 's charges stem from a video police found where hundreds of people are seen watching the incident without attempting to intervene during the alleged attack on Panama City Beach , authorities claim . The footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy , Alabama . Alerting the Bay County Sheriff 's Office , the two departments worked together to identify two suspects and the alleged victim . Martistee of Bainbridge , Georgia is a promising track star at Troy University according to officials , but he has since been removed from the team . Calhoun , of Mobile , Alabama pictured above in a picture from Facebook . Officials say they more arrests are expected . Above , a view of the Spinnaker Beach Club during a spring break party . In the video , McKeithen said one man is heard in the clip saying , ` she is n't going to know , ' before putting his hand inside her bikini bottoms . The incapacitated young woman is surrounded by several men while seated on a beach chair during the video filmed behind Spinnaker Beach Club . McKeithen told a press conference : ` This is happening in broad daylight with hundreds of people seeing and hearing what is happening and they are more concerned about spilling their beer than somebody being raped . ` This is such a traumatizing event for this girl . No one should have to fear this would happen in Panama City Beach , but it does . ' The sheriff 's office said it has encountered incidents like this before through leads found on social media . In one video , police said a crowd pours beer on a girl who appears to be incapacitated while a male performs a sexual act on her . And recently , officers took inventory of the guns and drugs recovered during Spring Break this year which included marijuana , MDMA , cocaine , heroin as well as 49 handguns - which increased from nine last year . This most recent alleged sexual attack and the arrests made on Friday have served as a tipping point for the Bay County Sheriff 's Office . McKeithen touted laws during Spring Break such as banning drinking on the beach and parking lots as well as clubs not being able to allow non-military people under 21 to enter . He said he will fight to have even more strict Spring Break regulations in the coming year . ` This draws the line in the sand for us , ' he said . ` It is not safe for our children on the beach ... If you condone this behavior , you should be in jail , as far as I 'm concerned . ' The investigation related to the incident is ongoing .