You would think that all water is created equal , but a raft of new ` enhanced ' H20 products shows that things in the water business are changing , and fast . We 're no longer happy posing with Perrier , Fiji or Evian branded bottles . Nowadays those in the know are downing bottles of birch , made from the sap of silver birch trees , sipping on glasses of liquid extracted from artichokes or opting for specially harvested and filtered rainwater . Drink up ! Forget tap water , we 're now being sold a raft of infused and health-boosting H20s . Sweet tasting birch water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat . So what makes one type of water better than another ? Nutritional Therapist Lorna Driver-Davies explains the health benefits of these new super saps . Artichoke water . According to ARTY , which produces this drink , the water is extracted from Californian artichokes , a plant rich in health-boosting silymarin and cynarin . The water is said to contain minerals including iron , potassium , vitamin C and magnesium . Flavoured with spearmint and apple , the 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit . Price : £ 43.55 for a case of 24 235ml-bottles of ARTY . Expert comment : ` The company does n't explain their special extraction process so its hard to comment . It seems fairly natural and artichokes are nutritious but I would advise eating them . ` You can also make a broth drink from the left over water are cooking artichokes . ` Perhaps the extraction method does n't use heat as this might help to keep the nutrients intact . It might be good to drink occasionally but I am sure the potency would be like a medical tincture of powder capsule . ` Personally we should try to reduce our intake of naturally sweetened products as many of us consume far too much sugar and fruit sugar and this product adds fruit juice and agave . Eating whole fruit is more nutritious . ' ARTY artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron , potassium , vitamin C and magnesium . Birch water . Made from the sap of silver birch trees , birch water is meant to be rich in nutrients and contain vitamins A and B . The sweet tasting water , which comes in at 18 calories per 100 ml , also contains saponins , which can help your body absorb less fat . Price : Nordic Koivu , £ 8.99 for 500 ml ; Sibberi , £ 3.30 per 300 ml . Expert comment : ` Birch water is a very old tradition and I would perhaps recommend it if you liked the taste and wanted nutrient rich water , but I would not go as far to say that it might be cellulite-busting or other health claims . ` Silver birch is used in herbal medicine and it has good health benefits as a natural diuretic or for lymphatic health , but this is likely to be a more concentrated tincture made from bark , leaf and resin . ' Cactus water . This contains extract of prickly pear cactus , a plant with levels minerals which can aid the digestive system . It also is high in electrolytes and as a bonus , has betalains , an antioxidant which could help reduce hangover symptoms . Just remember to drink it before you consume alcohol . Price : £ 49 for a pack of 12 500 ml bottles of True Nopal . Expert comment : ` I am a fan of pure coconut water and certainly notice the difference in my energy and mood if I drink it before a workout or if I am feeling tired I do find it reviving . ` Therefore anything with a good amount of electrolytes seems promising ; however I would want to know if its 100 per cent cactus water . ' Prickly pear cactus -LRB- left -RRB- which contains electrolytes , is the star in cactus water -LRB- right -RRB- . Charcoal water . The Japanese have used Binchotan active charcoal as a water purifier since the 17th century . The charcoal reduces reduces chlorine , mineralises the water and balances the pH. The stick of charcoal can be used for up to six months . Price : £ 14.95 for a Black + Blum Charcoal Filter water bottle . Expert comment : `` This just appears to be a portable filter , almost a mobile version of a Britta filter . I would imagine this just takes some of the hardness out of tap water release minerals such as calcium , iron and magnesium back into the water . ` I think this is one of the best options as its very cost effective and eco-friendly . I would actually want to try something like this myself considering home filters that remineralise the water are often much more expensive . ' Fulvic water . Australian pop siblings Kylie and Dannii Minogue are said to be fans of BLK Fulvic Water , which has 77 trace minerals and electrolytes . The water is infused with fulvic acids which present naturally in peat . Price : £ 12.98 for four 500ml-bottles of BLK . Expert comment : ` Fulvic acid is often found in the layer of earth that feeds plants . It may have some benefit for us therefore as its like a concentrated trace mineral . ` I think the cost of this product goes beyond the price of a bottle of water , so perhaps this is best used as a course for a couple of months . It would be expensive to use each day . ' Spring water infused with fulvic acid -LRB- left -RRB- and lemon combined with cold-pressed watermelon pulp -LRB- right -RRB- . Maple water . Made from Canadian maple syrup , this water claims to contain 46 health-boosting ingredients including calcium , magnesium and potassium . Price : £ 2.45 for a 330 ml bottle of Seva maple water . Expert comment : ` This sounds similar to birch and indeed , coconut water , so it is probably pleasant to drink and it seems it has similar qualities . ` I am not discounting the product but its potentially more expensive than coconut water which seems very similar . So personally I would stick to coconut water unless I was living in Canada where the maple water is probably cheaper ! ' Rainwater . Purified rainwater is big business in the US with companies all rushing out to catch , filter , bottle and sell rainwater to punters looking for a natural and ecologically sound liquid boost . Price : Currently not available in the UK although you can get it for £ 16 -LRB- $ 24 -RRB- for 12 bottles on www.agana-water.com . Expert comment : ` Rainwater can be safe to drink ; In fact this is how many people in countries across the world have access to water -LRB- think of remote areas or poorer parts of the world -RRB- . ` But it would need to be cleaned and filtered . I am not sure of the health benefits and I think it would be more of value to health to drink mineral water , due to mineral content . Watermelon water . Cold pressed raw watermelon flesh , rind and pulp are combined with lemon to make this drink , which is said to contain calcium , vitamin C , potassium , magnesium and sodium . It comes in at 60-calories per bottle and also has lycopene and beta-carotene . Price : £ 66 for a pack of 12 335 ml bottles of WTRMLN WTR . Expert comment : ` I quite like the look of this as a pre-workout or natural energy drink . ` It might be a little similar to coconut water but the nutrition is only like to vary slightly . I think this is worth trying but as with all these drinks , I would n't expect a life changing experience . ` I also think you could make your own watermelon water and add organic lemon rind -LRB- skin -RRB- into the blender to increase immune and antioxidant nutrition . '