The world 's longest ever kidney donation chain linked its final donor to ailing recipient last month when a Wisconsin woman became the 34th person whose life was saved by the record-setting program . Mitzi Neyens , 77 , was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry 's paired exchange program -- her only option since her age barred her from receiving a deceased donor 's organ . When she received the kidney March 26 , the operation completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from San Diego to Boston who have loved ones in need with patients desperately in need of a transplant . 32 lives saved : Mitzi Neyens , 77 , -LRB- left -RRB- was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants -- the world 's longest such chain to date . She received a kidney because her husband Bill gave his kidney to a patient in need . Unbreakable love : Neyens has suffered from kidney disease for most of her 53-year marriage to Bill . She received a kidney March 26 thanks to his generosity . On the day of Neyen 's transplant , eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants . Neyen , who 's battled kidney disease much of her life , received her kidney after her husband -- who was not a match for her -- gave his kidney to someone else in need . In turn , Neyen received an organ from Matt Crane , 55 , who lives outside of Philadelphia , reports ABC News . Crane 's wife Michele 's Type 1 diabetes caused her to need a new kidney , which she received thanks to her husband 's donation . ` If it took for me to give my kidney to somebody in order to get Michele a good healthy kidney , I 'm ready to do it , ' Crane told ABC , which will air a story about the record-breaking chain on Nightline on Tuesday evening . The last length of this historic chain began at the University of Medical Center in Baltimore when Latwanya Goslee donated a kidney on behalf of her brother , who 'd already received a transplant . Her kidney was driven 250 miles to Allegheny General Hospital in Pittsburgh , where it was transplanted into Gary Watson . A friend of Watson 's daughter , 44-year-old paralegal Christine Brock , donated the kidney that allowed Watson to receive a transplant . Her organ was flown 368 miles to New Jersey then picked up by a courier and driven to New York City . Starts with altruism : The chain that ended with Neyes receiving a lifesaving transplant began months prior when Minneapolis attorney Kathy Hart gave a kidney without having a loved one in need of a transplant -LRB- FILE -RRB- . A kidney was then taken from New York to Philadelphia and transplanted into Michele Crane . Her husband Matt 's kidney was removed and taken to Madison , Wisconsin via a flight to Chicago and a 133-mile drive . That 's where Neyen 's received it . Et , voila . As ABC notes , these chains ca n't start without a donor who gives his or her kidney in exchange for nothing . This particular chain began with Kathy Hart , a Minneapolis attorney , who told ABC her unbelievably altruistic choice was an easy one to make . ` I think the fact that it was to a stranger is one of the parts that people have a really hard time grasping . But it actually even makes it easier , ' she said . ` From the very beginning I did n't have an attachment to the outcome or any judgment attached to who gets it or who 's deserving ... I have an opportunity to give , and why would n't I ? '