Two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the Arabian Sea . One of the carriers involved , Dubai-based Emirates , referred to the apparent near-miss as an ` air traffic control incident ' in a statement on Wednesday . Neither the Dubai carrier nor Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways would say how close the two planes came to each other . However a Resolution Advisory -LRB- RA -RRB- was given to both planes , which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision within 25 seconds . Etihad have maintained that the safety of its passengers was never compromised after it came ` within 25 seconds of collision ' with an Emirates plane . The incident occurred on Monday as passenger planes from Emirates and Etihad Airways were traveling in opposite directions between the Gulf and the island nation of Seychelles . Both carriers have recently rerouted flights to the archipelago nation to avoid Yemeni airspace due to fighting there . Emirates says its flight EK709 was returning from the Indian Ocean island nation of Seychelles when the incident occurred in airspace controlled from Mumbai , India . Etihad Airways separately says it is investigating ` a reported incident ' involving one of its planes traveling in the opposite direction . Both carriers insist safety was not compromised . This graphic shows the time in seconds of being at risk of traffic collision for each of the emergency warnings . The incident involving the Etihad Airways and Etihad occurred over the Arabian Sea in Mumbai airspace . Indian news broadcaster NDTV report that there was ` an emergency warning by the planes ' on board collision avoidance systems , ' and that both pilots reported the incident to Mumbai air traffic controllers . A Traffic Advisory -LRB- TA -RRB- is sounded to an aircraft when they are within 40 seconds of traffic in a particular airspace . Following this an RA is then given out if an aircraft is at risk of collision within 25 seconds , and the pilot has six seconds to respond . The Seychelles News Agency confirmed both planes received a ` Resolution Advisory ' or RA , from the on-board Traffic Collision Avoidance System -LRB- TCAS -RRB- . The incident occurred over the Arabian sea when the two planes were passing each other . An Etihad Airways spokesperson told MailOnline Travel : ` Etihad Airways has strongly rejected claims that the safety of flight EY622 , Abu Dhabi to the Seychelles , was compromised . ` The traffic collision avoidance system -LRB- TCAS -RRB- , which is fitted on all aircraft , ensured that safe vertical separation of both aircraft was maintained at all times . ` Etihad Airways has provided its safety reports to the GCAA and is assisting with its investigation as well as conducting its own investigation into the incident . ` Safety is Etihad Airways ' number one priority . ' A statement released by Emirates to the Times of India read : 'Em irates can confirm that flight EK 706 on March 29 from Seychelles to Dubai was involved in an air traffic control incident in Mumbai airspace . At no point was the aircraft , passengers or crew at risk . ` All Emirates aircraft are equipped with onboard instrumentation so that crew are alerted in a timely manner of all surrounding traffic . The crew informed the authorities of the incident and later filed an Air Safety Report , which will be forwarded to Mumbai Air Traffic Control . Safety is of paramount importance to Emirates , and we will be cooperating fully with the Mumbai Air Traffic Control in the subsequent investigation . ' Both Etihad Airways and Emirates operate multiple flights every week to the Seychelles . Emirates and Etihad have both grown rapidly in recent years , enticing long-haul transit passengers through their Gulf hubs aboard relatively young aircraft . Emirates is owned by the government of Mideast commercial hub Dubai , while Etihad is controlled by the oil-rich Emirati capital , Abu Dhabi . Both carriers are regulated by the Emirates ' General Civil Aviation Authority , which had no immediate comment . They each operate multiple flights weekly to Seychelles , a tropical tourism destination that has built close ties to the Emirates .