Barbie collectors mark your calendars : This Saturday , the very first Barbie Doll will go on sale again in Australia . Incredibly , customers will be able to purchase the vintage-style doll for the original 1959 sale price of just $ 3.00 . Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls , which will be on sale at five of their stores across the country . Retro : The original 1959 Barbie Doll has been reproduced and goes back on sale this Saturday in Australia . The first 100 customers at each of the Melbourne , Sydney , Perth , Brisbane , and Adelaide City stores on Saturday April 11 at 9 am can snap up the collectors ' items for the special heritage price . For those who miss out on the promotion , the dolls will be on sale for $ 34.95 thereafter . The dolls are newly produced but modelled on the Original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959 . Iconic : The dolls are newly produced but modelled on the Original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959 . Fifties fashion : The doll features a black and white striped one-piece swimsuit , black heels , gold hoop earrings and white sunglasses . The doll features a black and white striped one-piece swimsuit , black heels , gold hoop earrings and white sunglasses . ` Barbie is a true icon and one of a handful of toys that transcends generations , ' said Myer Chief Merchandise & Marketing Officer and Deputy CEO , Daniel Bracken . ` There is a real nostalgia around Barbie that passes down from parents to their children and I think all of our customers - big kids and little kids alike - will love that we 're bringing back the Original Barbie to Myer , with her cool retro style that everyone can enjoy . Special offer : Myer City stores in Melbourne , Sydney , Perth , Brisbane , and Adelaide will offer the first 100 customers the doll for the original 1959 price of $ 3.00 . ` We 're expecting a lot of interest especially as 500 lucky Myer customers around the country will be able to purchase the Original Barbie at her original 1959 price of $ 3.00 . ' ` The original Barbie doll remains an iconic image for the brand but not one we readily reproduce , so when we wanted to create something special for Australia this was a natural choice , ' added Evelyn Mazzocco , General Manager and Senior Vice President of Barbie . ` The original doll was an enormous success , selling out quickly and creating an immediate demand for more and in fact , today Barbie is the number one girl 's toy brand in the world . '