Satellite TV operator DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast . The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau 's National Advertising Division -LRB- NAD -RRB- that the ads featured a number of false claims and the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign 's claims could n't be substantiated . The series of ads , which launched last October , featured the 50-year-old actor playing two characters : a handsome Lowe in a slick suit who is always the DirecTV customer and then an ` odd or awkward alter-ego ' who was a cable user . Scroll down for video . Satellite TV operator DirecTV is ending its advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast that their claims could n't be substantiated . The ads all ended with Lowe saying : ` Do n't be like this me -- Get rid of cable and upgrade to DirecTV . ' The NAD report highlighted a number of inaccurate claims concerning signal reliability , shorter customer service wait times , better picture and sound quality and a better sports package . Other issues included the ` superiority message ' of Lowe 's closing phrase , as well as DirecTV 's ` rated No. 1 claim ' and another that stated that it has been ` ranked higher than cable for over 10 years . ' The NAD also recommended that DirecTV ` either discontinue the price claim featured in the `` Scrawny Arms Rob Lowe '' commercial or modify it to reflect the price of a package that included the sports programming featured in the commercial . ' ` While humor can be an effective and creative way for advertisers to highlight the differences between their products and their competitor 's , humor and hyperbole do not relieve an advertiser of the obligation to support messages that their advertisements might reasonably convey -- especially if the advertising disparages a competitor 's product , ' the NAD said on Tuesday . A National Advertising Division report highlighted a series of inaccuracies concerning signal reliability , shorter customer service wait times , better picture and sound quality . ` Given the absence in the record of supporting evidence , NAD recommended the advertiser discontinue the claims . ' DirecTV has said it disagrees with NAD 's findings with respect to its ranking claims , picture quality claims and sports programming claims and that it plans to appeal . The operator is discontinuing the Lowe-fronted ads , but claims that ` it was always scheduled to end at the end of Q1 ' . ` We wanted to launch our new campaign with Hannah Davis in the Final Four -LSB- NCAA basketball championship -RSB- , Jon Gieselman , SVP , Marketing at DirecTV told TheWrap . ` We always reserve the right to bring back the Rob Lowe campaign , either in its current form or with new spots , it has been extremely successful for the brand . ' The company had previously argued that its advertisements were ` so outlandish and exaggerated that no reasonable consumer would believe that the statements being made by the alter-ego characters are comparative or need to be substantiated . '