The family of a Georgia toddler left mangled after SWAT police tossed a flash-bang grenade into his crib last spring have received a settlement of nearly $ 1 million . Bounkham ` Bou Bou ' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident . His family says the medical bills have surpassed $ 1 million . While the settlement is n't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older , BuzzFeed reports that the family 's settlement does not preclude continued litigation . The Phonesavanh family came to the settlement with Habersham County , Georgia late last month and announced it this week . Settled : The family of ` Bou Bou ' Phonesavanh has settled with a Georgia County after he was maimed and nearly killed when SWAT police erroneously stormed the home where they were living and tossed a flash-bang grenade into his crib . He 's seen here following some 10 surgeries . Prior to the boy 's 10th surgery this year , his mother told BuzzFeed surgeons would be trying to ` scrape away the gunpowder . ' He 'll require surgeries ever other year into his teens . The $ 964,000 breaks down as follows : . $ 538,000 to Bou Bou 's parents , Alecia and Bounkham Phonesavanh , for his medical expenses . $ 200,000 will be set aside ` for future periodic payments of damages , ' which will be paid to Bou Bou after he reaches 18 . $ 137,000 to Bou Bou 's father for his personal injuries . $ 62,000 to Bou Bou 's mother for suffering and emotional distress as a result of witnessing the baby 's maiming . $ 9,000 to each of Bou Bou 's three siblings , Emma , Malee , and Bounly . Prior to the boy 's 10th surgery this year , his mother told BuzzFeed surgeons would be trying to ` scrape away the gunpowder . ' ` His nerve endings are dead around his mouth and chest , so they will not be able to properly develop as they are supposed to , so they will have to go in and do stretching and grafts , ' she said . Horrible error : The incident occurred while Bou Bou 's mom Alecia Phonesavanh was staying with her husband , their three daughters and their baby son in the living room of her sister-in-law 's home just outside of Atlanta . ` His nerve endings are dead around his mouth and chest , so they will not be able to properly develop as they are supposed to , so they will have to go in and do stretching and grafts , ' his mother said . The incident occurred while Bou Bou 's mom Alecia Phonesavanh was staying with her husband , their three daughters and their baby son in the living room of her sister-in-law 's home just outside of Atlanta . They were living with relatives after their Wisconsin home burned down earlier that year . The Habersham SWAT team executed a no-knock warrant on the property while searching for a relative they believed was a drug dealer and had a cache of weapons inside , The Atlanta-Journal Constitution reported . The suspect , a relative of the child , was not in the house during the raid but was later arrested nearby at a home where police knocked on the door . He surrendered without incident . Bou Bou spent five weeks being treated at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta before returning home in July . The Habersham SWAT team executed a no-knock warrant on the property while searching for a relative they believed was a drug dealer and had a cache of weapons inside , The Atlanta-Journal Constitution reported .