The chilling details of a ` resurrection ceremony ' held for a ` possessed ' two-year-old boy in a Texas residence have emerged following the arrest of a pastor who is accused of helping to starve the boy to rid him of a ` demon . ' Witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza , 49 , and the boy 's parents believed he had a ` demon ' inside of him , and that he was starved for 25 days , being given only water four to five times a day . Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler , whose name has not been released , fell and hit his head several times , but she hesitated to help him ` due to his demon possession . ' The chilling details of a ` resurrection ' ceremony held for a ` possessed ' two-year-old boy in a Texas residence have emerged following the arrest of a pastor who is accused of helping starve the boy to rid him of a demon -LRB- above Aracely Meza during the alleged resurrection holding the two-year-old boy -RRB- . In the video , Meza is seen next to a man who appears to be her husband Pastor Daniel Meza , as she uses oils and prays while trying to bring the boy , identified by a witness as Benjamin , back to life -LRB- above scenes from the attempted resurrection -RRB- . In the shocking video capturing the ` resurrection ceremony ' , which reportedly lasted for hours , Meza places oil on the child 's head while reciting prayers as she holds him in her arms . In the video , the boy is identified by a witness as Benjamin . Police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but that his parents took his body to their native Mexico for burial without reporting the death , said Balch Springs police Lt. Mark Maret . During the ceremony , Meza invokes Jesus to give life to the child saying ` in the name of Jesus , I 'm utilizing this oil to try to get him back to life ' , according to the Dallas Morning News . Maret said : ` They did n't give the child any food for about 25 days . They just gave him some water , which ultimately caused the child to die . ' Delia Guadalupe Oyervides Herrera , another church member , told police she tried several times to feed the child during the 25-day fast , ` but was scolded by the pastors of the church , ' according to the affidavit . She asked the child 's mother why she would allow her child to be starved and was ` advised that it was God 's will . ' Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission . She is currently being held on a $ 100,000 bond . Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission , according to NBCDFW . She is currently being held on a $ 100,000 bond , a police spokesman told Daily Mail Online on Monday . She was taken into custody for helping starve the child and then holding a resurrection ceremony at the Balch Springs residence shortly after he died to try and revive him , investigators said on Tuesday . Maret said an anonymous tip about the ceremony at Meza 's home on Duke Drive - which also operated as Iglesia Internacional Jesus es el Rey Church - where several other church members also lived , led to the investigation . He noted that more arrests are likely to follow . ` Apparently , they had a ceremony called `` the rising '' trying to resurrect the child back to life , ' said Maret . Zurita said she saw the child ` looking frail and weak ' the day before the resurrection ceremony , according to a police affidavit . She said the next time she saw the child was the following day during a ceremony held by church leader Daniel Meza , who is married to Aracely Meza . He was trying to revive the boy through a miracle during the ritual . Zurita , who identified herself as the secretary and third-ranking officer , said ` it took her a while to figure out ' the child was dead , according to the affidavit . Police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but that his parents took his body to their native Mexico for burial without reporting the death , said police . A report from earlier this month said that services took place at the residence on Duke Drive which also operated as Iglesia Internacional Jesus es el Rey Church with services presided by Daniel and Aracely Meza -LRB- both pictured above -RRB- . Investigators believe the boy died on March 21 or early the next day , and that the ceremony was held March 22 at the residence . Meza ` was considered a prophet ' who ` would advise to the other members of the church what God has spoken to her , ' according to Zurita . She said Meza 's husband was the church 's leader and Meza was its second-ranking officer . Last month , police went to the home on March 26 in Balch Springs to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a ` rising ceremony ' was performed , according to CBS . Meza and her husband are pastors who presided over the church services held at the residence and also lived there along with other families including that of the two-year-old boy , according to WFAA . Witnesses told police the boy went 25 days without food before he died and was only given water four to five times a day . Members of the Igelisa Internacional Jesus es el Rey Church re-enact a scene from the crucifixion which on Facebook was titled as ` Drama Crucifixion & Resurrección Pascua 2014 ' In a report earlier this month , neighbors told WFAA that cars would fill the street for services , presided by the Mezas , but that no one knew what was happening inside of the home operating also as Iglesia Internacional Jesus es el Rey Church . ` When it was church hours they would set it up as a church , then when it was over , back to a home , ' neighbor Bryan Cruz told WFAA who grew up with the children in the home . The home was not registered or zoned to operate as a church , code inspectors for the city said , however its website states the national headquarters are at the home 's address . Emergency services do not appear to have called until police received an anonymous tip four days later . Police said there is no record of the child 's death being reported . The child 's parents took the body to Mexico the following day . Two phone numbers listed for the single-story home were disconnected . Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs , Texas , -LRB- pictured -RRB- to do a wellness check and were told that a two-year-old child had died . A neighbor told Daily Mail Online earlier this month that five children under the age of ten , both boys and girls , were also living at the home and had been taken away by Child Protective Services . Joy Donaldson said that she once complained to the woman who lived at the home about two of the boys , who had been bothering her dogs . The woman , whose name she did not know , told her that the children did not know any better ` because they had been taken off the streets of Mexico ' . A second neighbor , Jean Turnipseed , told Daily Mail Online that she had heard that church services were taking place at the home on Saturdays and Sunday nights , where people were being charged at the door . Mr Meza along with the boy 's parents are a part of the investigation as it continues .