A plane carrying former England rugby captain Lewis Moody was forced to make an emergency landing in the Arctic . As poor visibility struck between Svalbard and ice camp Barneo on Saturday , the pilot made the decision to bring the plane down , and due to the bumpy landing the aircraft 's undercarriage was damaged . Moody , 36 , who is undertaking a 100 km trek to the North Pole to raise £ 250,000 for charity , and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident . Former England rugby captain tweeted before the plane took off from Svalbard to Ice Camp Barneo , where the trek began . According to organisers Headnorth , the team were rescued from the remote site by a helicopter , which took the passengers to their camp to start their trek the next day . The famous captain is part of a team of nine sportsmen and Royal Marines attempting a ten-day expedition to the highest point on Earth . The team will battle extreme temperatures of between -25 C and -50 C as well as dragging 60 kg sledges . A statement by Headnorth on their blog said : ` Due to poor visibility en route from Svalbard to Ice Camp Barneo , where the trek will begin , the team 's plane had to make an emergency landing earlier today . England 's Lewis Moody , right , scores the first try with Uruguay 's Diego Aguirre on ground during the Rugby World Cup match in Brisbane , Australia , Sunday Nov. 2 , 2003 . England won the match 111-13 . A twitter update confirmed that Lewis and his trekker team mates were unharmed and continuing with their charitable mission . ` All the team are safe and well , although the plane 's undercarriage suffered some damage . ` A helicopter was dispatched to the landing spot to collect the trekkers and take them the rest of the journey to their start point at 1 degree from the North Pole . ` They have now arrived in Barneo and are in good spirits , ready to start their epic journey tomorrow . ' It is hoped the ten-day 100 km trek to the North Pole will raise £ 250,000 for the Lewis Moody Foundation as well as the Royal Marines Charitable Trust . The retired flanker is completing the challenge alongside team mates Gary Wright , Charlie Birkett and Yves Damette from yachting company Y.CO , Rugby World Cup winners Danny Grewcock MBE , Josh Lewsey MBE , Royal Marines Wayne Hoyle and James Nightingale and expedition leader , accomplished polar explorer Alan Chambers MBE . It is hoped the trek will raise £ 250,000 for the Lewis Moody Foundation as well as the Royal Marines Charitable Trust .