Xiangyu Ouyang , 26 , was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde -- a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid -- starting last September . A cancer biology PhD student at Stanford University is facing four felony poisoning charges after confessing to putting a known carcinogen into classmates ' water bottles over the course of weeks . Xiangyu Ouyang , 26 , was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde - a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid - starting last September . Now , the recipient of Singapore 's prestigious Agency for Science , Technology and Research -LRB- A * Star -RRB- scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison . According to SFGate.com , Ouyang admitted to poisoning two students ' bottles as well as her own . ` I am truly sorry for what happened , but I really did n't mean to harm people , ' she allegedly told authorities . ` It was me crying out for help . ' A former roommate of Ouyang 's says both her parents were also researchers . Colleagues called her shy and insecure . One victim told authorities that Ouyang ` had never had a boyfriend , and envied those who had , ' Vice reports . Despite her flaws , though , none of her classmates said they would have ever suspected the quiet Singaporean of trying to harm them . However , the students believed someone certainly was . ` I think someone is trying to kill me ! ' one student yelled after sipping from a poisoned water bottle . The alleged poisonings occurred from September through November , when Ouyang admitted to police she tampered with two bottles and her own . She was part of Stanford 's Cancer Biology program but is no longer a student at the prestigious California university . One victim told police she ` immediately experienced a burning sensation in her mouth and throat . Her eyes became irritated and watery . She began salivating uncontrollably . Her throat was burning so bad that she could not even swallow the water . ' Paraformaldehyde , a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde , can cause skin irritation , respiratory ailments and , in larger amounts , death . In addition to tissue preservation , the chemical is also used in pesticides . The alleged poisonings occurred from September through November , when Ouyang admitted to police she tampered with two bottles and her own . Poison : Paraformaldehyde , a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde , can cause skin irritation , respiratory ailments and , in larger amounts , death . She told authorities that she 's recently seen a psychiatrist and experienced extreme insomnia and dizziness as a result of anti-depressants she was prescribed . Her father told Singapore 's The Strait Times the family was not aware of her issues . ` If we had known earlier , we would have sent her for treatment , ' he said . He said the girl 's mother is now with her in California . She 's no longer a student at Stanford . ` This was a sad , heartbreaking situation for everyone involved , ' school spokesperson Lisa Lapin told SFGate . ` This was a confined , isolated circumstance and there was no threat to the broader campus community . The university has been providing support to the group impacted . ' A spokesperson from Singapore 's A * Star scholarship program told the Strait Times they are ` deeply concerned . ' However , ` there will be no action on our part until after the proceedings have concluded . ' Under California law , Ouyang faces between 2 to 5 years in prison if convicted -- up to 8 years if the courts deem the poisons involved can cause ` great bodily harm or death ' according to Yahoo News . Ouyang has been released on $ 50,000 bond . She 's expected back in court in May . Read complaint against Ouyang below ... Ouyang Felony Complaint -- FoHo by The Fountain Hopper .