Kellogg 's is the latest US owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in Britain . Kellogg 's is the latest US owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in Britain . The cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes . Kellogg 's , which makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to British families , uses a complex web of companies to do business here . Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the Republic of Ireland , where corporation tax is 12.5 per cent , compared with the UK 's 20 per cent . The latest figures show Kellogg 's effectively paid no corporation tax in Britain in 2013 , as payments to HMRC by some of its offshoots were wiped out by tax credits elsewhere . These tax manoeuvres are perfectly legal . Kellogg 's has so far not faced criticism for its tax affairs in Britain , unlike Google , Amazon and Starbucks , which have come under fire for paying a minimal amount to the Exchequer despite huge sales here . But in its latest annual report the cereal-maker , whose worldwide sales last year hit £ 9.8 billion , admitted ` contemplated changes in the UK and other countries ' to ` long established tax principles ' could have a ` material impact ' on its business . It added VAT increases and other changes ` may have an adverse effect on our business ' . Kellogg 's has produced cereals in the UK since 1938 , and says it has several hundred employees here . It sells in the UK through two main subsidiaries owned by Irish-based Kellogg Europe Trading Ltd. . One is Kellogg Marketing & Sales , which distributes breakfast food for Irish and Swiss-registered companies , and reported sales of £ 622million to Britons in 2013 . The second , Kellogg Company of Great Britain , makes cereals under contract for an Irish-based operation . These two subsidiaries paid corporation tax of £ 8.4 million on profits of nearly £ 50million in 2013 . Kellogg 's also has six Luxembourg registered companies which collectively paid corporation tax of £ 210,000 on profits of about £ 57million -- a rate of 0.37 per cent . But this £ 210,000 and the £ 8.4 million were offset by an £ 11.8 million tax credit at another UK-registered operation , Kellogg Group Ltd. . Kellogg 's said comments in its annual report are not related to Chancellor George Osborne 's ` diverted profits tax ' -- which aims to snare companies that shunt profits overseas with the main purpose of saving tax . A Kellogg 's spokesman confirmed the figures but said some profits through the Luxembourg business would relate to companies outside the UK . He declined to comment on whether Kellogg 's accepted it had in effect paid zero corporation tax in Britain , but said it is ` a responsible taxpayer ' . Kellogg 's said comments in its annual report are not related to Chancellor George Osborne 's ` diverted profits tax ' -- which aims to snare companies that shunt profits overseas with the main purpose of saving tax . Richard Murphy , of Tax Research UK , said : ` It looks as if Kellogg 's is trading in similar fashion to many of the better known tax avoiders . '