The first people to be affected by Qantas 's newly enforced ` smart casual ' dress code have taken to social media to complain after being turned away from the airline 's lounges for wearing thongs . Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1 - but not everyone got the memo . Cassandra Hann wrote on Qantas 's Facebook wall on Thursday : ` Thanks Qantas club Perth for refusing me entry because I was wearing Havianas -LRB- I am going on holidays after all -RRB- . ' Ms Hann fumed : ` I had just got off a long flight from Sydney to Perth with a tired 15 year old and 3 year old and had to wait at Perth airport for 3 hours for our connecting flight to Learmouth . I was told Qantas have now started to `` enforce '' their Qantas club lounge dress regulations which bans thongs . ' The mother said she never got an email to inform her about the new rules and managed to get into the Qantas lounge in Sydney on the same day while wearing thongs . Scroll down for video . People wearing thongs are no longer allowed in the Qantas lounges around Australia . Disgruntled customers who did not get the memo about the newly enforced Qantas dress code have posted their complaints on social media . ` Because my kids needed to rest for the 3 hours we were stuck in Perth airport I had to go and buy another pair of shoes as my other shoes were in my checked in luggage . $ 80 later , a pair of shoes I did n't need nor want and we finally are allowed to enter the lounge , ' she said . ` This is no way to treat a long term loyal club member who pays plenty of money per year to be a member . If you want to take hundreds of dollars of membership fees off us every year you could at least have sent members a letter or an email informing us of dress regulation changes . Poor effort Qantas . No wonder people are flying other airlines and joining other lounges . ' In February Helen Gray , Qantas ' Head of Domestic Product & Service , told Daily Mail Australia : ` From April 2015 , customers entering domestic Qantas Clubs and Business Lounges in Adelaide , Brisbane , Canberra , Melbourne , Perth and Sydney will receive a friendly reminder about the smart casual dress guidelines that apply . ' Cassandra Hann said she was refused entry to Qantas Club because she was wearing Havianas . Sex worker Estelle Lucas , from Melbourne , tried to see the upside to the situation . Qantas were unable to be specific about what items of clothing would be banned but said : ` The vast majority of our members meet and exceed the guidelines , but we have had some feedback from customers that they want to see those guidelines apply to everyone . ` The dress guidelines for our lounges are the same as most restaurants and clubs . ' Playing the role of bouncers , Qantas staff are now allowed to use their ` discretion ' to determine if a visitor to the lounge meets the smart casual dress guidelines . ' Singlets , bare feet , and rubber thongs ` in most cases ' will be deemed unacceptable in capital city lounges . Qantas lounges have always had dress codes but they have not been strictly enforced before . Qantas said they were ` sorry to disappoint ' when Maria Neale was refused entry to a lounge . Alex Koeninger was also turned away from the Perth lounge and wrote on Facebook ` I 'll definitely be thinking twice before renewing my membership this year ' Alex Koeninger , who was also flying out of Perth on Thursday , wrote on Facebook : ` So I just tried to enter the Qantas Club Lounge in Perth airport and was not allowed in because I was wearing thongs , jeans and t-shirt . ` Did n't realise any of it was offensive . Although another lounge member walked in wearing shorts and sandals . I 'll definitely be thinking twice before renewing my membership this year . ' And Rae Ka Qantas complained on the social media site : ` Not impressed with inconsistent dress code enforcement . Have worn my upmarket thong style sandals in lounge many times before . Turned away this morning . Gold membership . Not happy . ' The decision has reportedly been made after feedback from customers concerned about the style in the lounges . Meanwhile , sex worker Estelle Lucas , from Melbourne , saw the upside to the situation . She wrote on Twitter : ` Refused entry into @Qantas club because I was wearing thongs I am SO angry but kinda not bc now I have a valid excuse to buy nice shoes -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' She later wrote : ` AW MAN I FORGOT MY NEW EXPENSIVE SHOES ON MY FLIGHT . I hate you sooo much @Qantas ' And Maria Neale wrote on Twitter : ` @Qantas refused lounge entry despite full business attire except I like to wear thongs to fly . Small comfort for travelling so much now gone . ' However , not everyone hates the new rules . Adrian Coughlan said : ` Love the new dress code that applies from April 1 2015 in all Qantas Lounges - great move by Qantas . ' A Qantas spokeswoman told the Sydney Morning Herald : ` Since -LSB- Wednesday -RSB- the only discrepancy has been with customers wearing rubber and leather thongs which are no longer within the dress code guidelines ' ` We appreciate this may have caused some frustration but we 're not in a position to flip-flop on the policy . ' If you have ever wanted to experience Qantas business class you 'll have to dress the part . Men and women are encouraged to dress in smart casual attire if they want to get into the Qantas lounges . This is the first time the dress code -- which has always existed -- is actively enforced . The decision has reportedly been made after feedback from customers concerned about the style inside the expensive lounges . High-vis clothing and work attire are still allowed . ` The vast majority of our members meet and exceed the guidelines , but we have had some feedback from customers that they want to see those guidelines apply to everyone . High-vis clothing and work uniforms are still be allowed in the lounges . Overly revealing clothes will not be allowed in the Qantas business lounge from April 1 . ` The dress guidelines for our lounges are the same as most restaurants and clubs . ' Playing the role of bouncers , Qantas staff is allowed to use their ` discretion ' to determine if a visitor to the lounge meets the smart casual dress guidelines . ' Singlets , bare feet , and rubber thongs ` in most cases ' will be deemed unacceptable in capital city lounges . This will be the first time the dress code -- which has always existed -- is actively enforced . The decision has reportedly been made after feedback from customers concerned about the style inside the expensive lounges . High-vis clothing and work attire will still be allowed .