The Good Samaritan who pulled a driver from an SUV hanging dangerously on the edge of a cliff spoke out for the first time on Thursday to describe the rescue that was captured in a heart-stopping photo . Jason Warnock , 29 , was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston , Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff . He then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko , 23 , out to safety . Warnock chatted with Sitko for a few minutes , but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work . Scroll down for videos . Good Samaritan : Jason Warnock , 29 , came forward Thursday and identified himself as the mystery man who rescued a driver in distress Wednesday morning in Lewiston , Idaho . In peril : Warnock was driving Wednesday morning when he noticed debris in the road and looked up to see this car hanging dangerously off the side of a cliff . Quick thinking : He then pulled driver Matthew Sitko , 23 , out of the vehicle - saving the young man from a more terrible fate . Mystery : Since he did n't tell police his name , Warnock remained a mystery for 24 hours as the picture of the amazing rescue went viral online . Since he did n't stop to give police his name , Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral online . Warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which he wants no credit for . The crash occurred about 8 am Wednesday in Lewiston , at a drop called Bryden Canyon , shortly after Sitko had dropped off his younger siblings at school . ` He was listening to a song on the radio , and some lyrics in the song convinced him that it was essentially his time to die . He just closed his eyes , took his hands off the wheel , and pressed the accelerator , ` Lewiston interim Police Chief Roger Lanier said . Sitko drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel , police told the Lewiston Tribune . It was me : Warnock came forward the next day to identify himself and describe the heart-stopping rescue . Overcome with emotion : Police say Sitko had just dropped off his younger siblings at school when a song came on in the vehicle and it ` convinced him that it was essentially his time to die , ' according to police . So close : The chain link fence was the only thing keeping Sitko 's SUV from rolling off the side of the cliff . Police previously said the incident was triggered when Sitko had ` some sort of mental or emotional episode ' and he only suffered minor injuries . Soon after the crash , Warnock noticed the car and ran to Sitko 's aide . ` I knew I had to get him out of the car , ' Warnock told NBC , adding that the vehicle was shaking with every movement Sitko made . ` I was going to break the window with one of my tools , but I was worried that the impact might push the car over the ledge , ' Warnock said . A disoriented Sitko started talking about his iPod , and that 's when Warnock took action and focused the driver , telling him he was going to pull him out the passenger-side door . ` I was like , `` Give me your hand , you know , because if this thing goes I want to have a hold of you so I can yank you , '' ' Warnock said . After getting Sitko out of the vehicle safe and sound the two sat down on the nearby grass and talked for a few minutes to calm the driver down . As they were talking , Warnock says Sitko told him that he had started reading the Bible the night before . ` I was like that 's awesome , that 's great news . I think maybe God put me here at the right time and he held you up here for sure - maybe it 's meant to bring you closer to him , ' Warnock said . Driver : Mathew Sitko , 23 -LRB- pictured -RRB- only suffered minor injuries and is recovering . Thankful : He wrote on his Facebook page on Wednesday that he feels ` blessed ' for how his ordeal ended . Scene : Sitko crashed while driving along the winding road before crashing through the property and dangling over the edge of the drop . Warnock managed to reach him by climbing the pedestrian bridge , pictured . Warnock says he did n't give his name to police because he did n't need thanks for the act . However , he decided to come forward after the photo went viral . ` I do n't want recognition but I know there ' no getting away from it until I talk to someone , ' Warnock told KHQ . ` We made it . He 's alright . And that 's all that matters to me , ' Warnock added . Not long after the crash Sitko posted to his Facebook page that he felt blessed . ` Good morning everyone ! I am truly blessed by God today !! Thank you God & Jesus for taking care of me !! I love you ! ' he wrote on his Facebook . Sitko lists his job as working for Moscow and Lewiston Landscaping .