Blindfolded and handcuffed on a barren hilltop , this is the moment three Afghan prisoners accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of merciless Taliban fighters . In disturbing images taken at the execution site , the three men are sat with their backs turned away from the gunmen , as a huge crowd - including children - gathered to witness the public killings . Flanked by gun-wielding fighters , the unidentified prisoners were pushed onto the beige landscape , where they were forced to sit on the ground with their hands clasped behind their backs . Scroll down for video . Disturbing : Blindfolded and handcuffed on a barren hilltop , this is the moment three Afghan prisoners waited for their deaths at the hands of merciless Taliban fighters . Chilling : The three men are seen sitting with their backs turned away from the gunmen , before being shot in the head at point-blank range by the insurgents . Left for dead : The killers then left the prisoners ' lifeless bodies languishing among the crowd on the execution site . Watching on : A member of the Taliban stands at the site of the execution , which took place earlier today . Using AK-47s , the insurgents then loomed over the three men , before firing successive shots into the back of the prisoners ' heads at point-blank range . As their lifeless bodies collapsed onto the ground , plumes of dust shot into the air . The gunmen then left the prisoners ' corpses languishing among the crowd . Hundreds of locals had gathered in the rural province in eastern Afghanistan to witness today 's events . Men , women and children were seen huddled together on the fringe of the execution site , while other spectators were seen crawling onto nearby rooftops to get the best vantage point . Some were even seen recording the harrowing scene on their mobile phones . The chilling scene took place in the eastern province of Ghanzi , where the men were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery . The Taliban said the men had been tried and found guilty by an Islamic court . Dozens of Taliban gunmen , some of whom were in vehicles , kept guard around the site during the execution . Spectators : The chilling scene took place in the eastern province of Ghanzi , where the men were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery . Viewing : Taliban members huddled together as the gunmen prepared to carry out the horrific killings . Guarded : Dozens of Taliban gunmen , some of whom were in vehicles , also kept guard around the site during the execution . Meanwhile , at least 33 people have been killed and 100 injured in a suicide bomb attack in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad . The blast happened outside a bank where government staff and military personnel were collecting their salaries . A spokesman for a group claiming to represent Islamic State in Afghanistan said it carried out the attack . Children are said to be among the victims . Preparation : A member of the Taliban is seen pushing one of the three men onto the barren execution site . A gunmen stands guard , in front of hundreds of local families who had come to watch the event unfold . Members of the terror group gather near to the execution site . The Taliban said the men had been tried and found guilty by an Islamic court . The killings took place earlier today . It came as at least 33 people have been killed and 100 injured in a suicide bomb attack in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad .