` Boring ' has been the word on everyone 's lips when talking about Chelsea this week , but Didier Drogba has shown he and his team-mates still have the skill to disprove that disparaging tag . The Blues are preparing for Wednesday night 's trip to Leicester City at St George 's Park , having drawn criticism for the way they ground out a decisive 0-0 draw against Arsenal on Sunday . And Drogba and his team-mates , who can wrap up the Barclays Premier League title with two more victories , have shown off their abilities with an intricate six-man heading trick around the dinner table . Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a ` bin challenge ' After the ball is headed by Loic Remy and Eden Hazard , John Terry heads to Drogba in the six-man task . After Drogba , goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois is the next to take the ball , heading back to John Obi Mikel . Mikel stoops with a diving header that sees him fall off his chair , but the ball does drop into the small bin . Manager Jose Mourinho shot back at claims that his side were boring this week , insisting that going 10 years without winning the league - as Arsenal have - was more boring , and now Drogba has added to the retort with a video captioned : ` Boring boring chelseaaaa !!!!!! ' With six players seated opposite each other on either side of a long table , Branislav Ivanovic throws the ball on to the head of Loic Remy to start the game . He heads back to Eden Hazard , who then directs it on to John Terry followed by Drogba and Thibaut Courtois before John Obi Mikel stoops to knock the ball into a bin with a diving header . After just about managing to complete the feat all seven players celebrate wildly , the sort of scenes that might be seen against Crystal Palace on Sunday if Chelsea win at the King Power Stadium and then on their return to Stamford Bridge . The champions-elect have been preparing for Wednesday night 's game at the National Football Centre at Burton-on-Trent since Monday , where they are staying at the on-site Hilton Hotel . While French forward Remy was more than willing to jump around with his team-mates in the video at the hotel , he has been ruled out of the game against Leicester by Mourinho . With Mikel on the floor , Courtois and Terry leap into the air in celebrations that could soon be repeated . The seven players involved in the game at St George 's Park jump around in a celebratory huddle . Drogba and his team-mates can wrap up the Barclays Premier League title with two more league victories . Diego Costa is also a doubt having missed almost a month of action with a hamstring problem that has bugged him for much of the season . Midfielder Oscar has a chance of returning from the concussion he suffered against Arsenal in a challenge by goalkeeper David Ospina on Sunday . St George 's Park , which opened in October 2012 , is used by the full range of England teams as well as club sides . Barcelona , Galatasaray and Monaco are among the visiting teams to have stayed there . Terry and his team-mates celebrate at full-time at the Emirates Stadium after stepping closer to the title .