A second Liberal Democrat election candidate has revealed he is HIV positive as he launched a scathing attack on Nigel Farage for his comments on the condition during last week 's TV debate . Paul Childs , who is running in the Liverpool Riverside seat , said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 following a routine test after starting a new relationship with a man . The air steward said he was revealing he had HIV because he was infuriated by the Ukip leader 's ` scaremongering ' over the number of foreigners who have the condition . Scroll down for video . Paul Childs -LRB- pictured canvassing -RRB- is the second Liberal Democrat parliamentary candidate to reveal he is HIV positive . Mr Childs said he decided to reveal he had HIV because he was infuriated by Nigel Farage 's ` scaremongering ' over foreigners who have the virus . The election candidate is the second Lib Dem to go public with their HIV positive status , after Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett , who is running for the party in Vauxhall , central London , explained that he got the virus intentionally as he embarked on a path of self ` annihilation ' . Mr Childs told BuzzFeed that he received a phone call from doctors after the HIV test saying they would like him to return for a second examination - something done after a positive result . ` I was never expecting it to happen . I remember being at work , sitting in a corridor and bursting into tears . I started shaking and getting really scared , ' he said . The second test also came back positive , confirming that Mr Childs , who is now 34 , was infected . Ukip leader Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV in the television debate . He said : ` I cried in front of the nurse -- the staff were very supportive . I knew a little bit about what HIV meant because I 'd done some work with a gay men 's health charity in Glasgow but I still had in my head that it was a terminal diagnosis . I asked the doctor how long I had to live . ' Mr Childs said he felt compelled to tell his story after Mr Farage said that thousands of people with HIV in the UK were not British . During the televised debates , the Ukip leader said : ` Here 's a fact and I 'm sure that other people will be mortified that I dare to talk about it . ` There are 7,000 diagnoses in this country every year for people who are HIV positive . It 's not a good place for any of them to be , I know , but 60 per cent of them are not British nationals . ` You can come into Britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with HIV and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £ 25,000 a year per patient . ` I know there are some horrible things happening in many parts of the world , but what we need to do is put the National Health Service there for British people and families who in many cases have paid into the system for decades . ' Mr Childs , who is hoping to beat Louise Ellman in the safe Labour seat , said Mr Farage was ` scaremongering ' . He said : ` You ca n't keep blaming a country 's problems on immigrants . HIV is a drop in the ocean compared to what else the NHS is spending money on . ` It 's just scaremongering , scaremongering to get votes . It 's playing on people 's ignorance and fear . ' The Lib Dem candidate is the second from the party to reveal they are HIV positive during this election campaign . Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett , who is running for the Lib Dems in Vauxhall , central London , explained that he got HIV intentionally as he embarked on a path of self ` annihilation ' Mr Hyyrylainen-Trett - the first parliamentary candidate to publicly discuss being HIV positive - said he caught the virus when contemplating suicide , thinking it could be a way for him to die . The 36-year-old revealed he attempted suicide on a few occasions , took countless drugs , got involved in the gay wrestling scene and put himself in vulnerable situations during a troubled phase of his life . He told Buzzfeed : ` I thought , `` What 's another way of doing it ? '' Even though I knew people were surviving from HIV , I thought , `` Perhaps if I can make myself so ill , get the worst strain possible , that would be one way of getting rid of myself . ' '' But the prospective MP said he realised once he was diagnosed he did not want HIV at all , and that all his actions were just an attempt to ` annihilate ' himself . The disclosures have made Mr Hyyrylainen-Trett the first parliamentary candidate to discuss being HIV positive publicly . Labour MP Chris Smith previously announced his HIV positive status when he was leaving the House of Commons for the Lords .