A heartbroken father told yesterday how his daughter had been given hard drugs by dealers targeting schools . In an emotional open letter , he told how the ` bright and beautiful ' GCSE pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine , ecstasy , methadone and ` party drug ' meow meow . The father -- identified only as John to protect his family 's privacy -- warned that Class A drugs were widely available to children , and urged schools and police to get tough . He said dealers made the drugs ` incredibly cheap and available ' to hook their young customers . A father has revealed that his teenage daughter became hooked on cocaine and ecstasy after buying the drugs in the school playground -LRB- file pic posed by a model -RRB- . His daughter was given them for free or paid only a few pounds for pills , sometimes without knowing what she was taking . She had not only put her health in danger but risked sexual abuse by meeting up with men she did not know . The father has sent the open letter to his local council , South Gloucestershire , pleading for action to combat a ` serious drug problem ' . The man described himself as a single parent to a son and daughter -- referred to as Jack and Jill -- who both went to a local secondary . ` Two weeks ago I discovered that Jill had been taking Class A drugs for three to four months , ' he said . ` How dumb am I not to know ? But do you know the signs as a parent ? ' The father said he had initially dismissed changes in his daughter 's behaviour as ` teenage moodiness ' . He has now written an open letter -LRB- above -RRB- to his local authority , South Gloucestershire , begging them to take the issue more seriously asking if a young person has to die before the problem is addressed . But he told the Bristol Post : ` She came to me and said she had got caught up with a group and started taking cocaine and ecstasy . ` I had noticed she had been a bit off but I thought it was a teenage daughter rebelling against her dad ... it just did n't occur to me and I felt naïve and stupid . ' Horrified by his daughter 's revelations , the father said he went to her school and police but officers were ` aggressive and threatening ' when his daughter volunteered information , including the names of alleged dealers . He accused authorities of ` pretending a problem does n't exist ' and warned the situation would get worse if it was not tackled , adding : ` Does a young person here have to die ? ' The father said his own investigations had found evidence that illicit drugs were available inside schools and youth clubs . The father , only known as John , has called on South Gloucestershire Council to do more to tackle drug dealing in its schools . He told how he had limited his daughter 's use of her mobile phone and social media , apparently to stop her falling back into drug use . He said he hoped she had stopped before she became hooked . The father said his relationship with his daughter had hit ` rock bottom ' over his attempts to protect her from lapsing back into drug abuse , saying : ` She hates me now . ' But , in the absence of help from authorities , he said he now believed it was up to parents to try to ` take control ' to help their children . The despairing father said he could not offer a ` simple answer ' but said the problem of drug use would only get worse if it was ignored . South Gloucestershire council refused to comment and said it was a matter for police . Inspector Adrian Fallows , a neighbourhood police manager for South Gloucestershire , said : ` We are working with schools to educate young people about drugs and also to deal firmly with any drugs issues that may arise . ` The supply , production and use of drugs in our communities , and the acquisitive crimes associated with drugs , is a serious matter . ` We will do whatever we can to protect young people by disrupting the system and bringing to justice anyone dealing drugs and profiting from crime . '