Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills . Spokesman Matt Likovich says the utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November . The utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on March 25 . Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power . They were last seen alive on March 28 . Scroll down for videos . Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills . Pictured : Father Rodney Todd who died . Tynijuiza Todd , 15 , -LRB- left -RRB- and her 12-year-old sister Tykira -LRB- right -RRB- are died in the carbon monoxide accident . Princess Anne Police Chief Scott Keller said earlier today the Delmarva Power company has been subpoenaed to document exactly when it shut off power to the rental home . Maryland law bars utilities from terminating electric service for nonpayment of bills from November 1 through March 31 without an affidavit filed to the Public Service Commission . ` I 'm just numb . I 'm just numb . Like it 's a nightmare but it 's not , ' the children 's mother , Tyisha Luneice Chambers , told The Associated Press on Tuesday . ` If I had known he was without electricity , I would have helped . ' Court records identified the boys as Cameron and ZhiHeem , and the girls as Tyjuziana , Tykeria , Tynijuzia , TyNiah and Tybreyia . Bonnie Edwards said her grandsons were 13 and 7 , and granddaughters were 15 , 12 , 10 , 9 and 6 , respectively . Eldest : Todd 's eldest son Cameron , 13 , is pictured with his sister , 15-year-old Tynijuiza . Birthday boy : On March 10 , Todd posed for a photo with his son , 7-year-old Zycheim -LRB- left and right -RRB- , saying his birthday was coming up soon . Police responding to a missing persons report found their bodies Monday after friends , school workers and Todd 's supervisor at work had knocked on the door with no answer . ` The children were all in beds and it appears as though they were sleeping , ' Keller said . ` They did n't have electricity . Probably it was bedtime and they decided they needed some light and probably some heat , because toward the end of March even though it was spring we were having some pretty chilly nights . ' Why Todd ran the gas-powered generator inside his kitchen was n't clear . The chief speculated that the noise would have bothered neighbors , had it been outside . Todd got some welfare money , but it was n't enough , said Sarah Hardy , his close friend . ` How can a man survive off of basically minimum wage with seven kids , and you ca n't help him with a utility bill ? ' Hardy asked . ` This man was working . And Delmarva Power cuts the lights off ? ' Lloyd Edwards said his stepson had bought the generator after the power was shut off due to unpaid bills at their one-story wood frame home in the small town of Princess Anne on Maryland 's Eastern Shore . Horrified : A woman looks away as bodies of the family of eight are removed from a house . Grieving : Lloyd Edwards , left , and Bonnie Edwards , the stepfather and mother of Rodney Todd stand outside the home where Todd and his seven children found dead Monday . Welfare check : Officers responded to the house in the 30500 block of Antioch Avenue after getting a call from the father 's employer saying he had not shown up for work Monday morning . ` It 's so hard . How can you understand something like this ? ' Edwards said . ` He was an outstanding dad . ... To keep his seven children warm , he bought a generator , and the carbon monoxide consumed them . ' Todd got help paying utility bills in the past , but did not apply this year , said Tom VanLandingham , who directs the Office of Home Energy Programs in Somerset County . Families can apply once a year , and assistance is based on household income and energy use , among other factors . ` We 're all kind of baffled as to why he did not apply this year , ' VanLandingham said . ` That 's the million-dollar question . ' Todd retained full custody of his children when his divorce from Tyisha Luniece Chambers was finalized last September . Sheets are held as a body is removed from a residence where a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel . ` The mother left , not only the seven kids by Rodney , but she left her oldest son with him as well , ' Hardy said . ` She abandoned him and the kids . ' Todd served 16 months behind bars for assaulting his wife in a domestic dispute , Hardy said . Upon his release , ` he came home , caught her in bed with another man , and the man was abusing the kids . He took his seven kids and her son and raised them on his own . ' Chambers denied that she abandoned them , and said she had been paying child support . ` He was n't a single parent . I was in their lives . I do n't have drug problems . I love my kids and I 'm sorry their father passed as well , ' she said , adding that she planned to meet Todd 's relatives at a funeral home on Wednesday . Bonnie Edwards said her son taught his children how to talk with elders and the value of education . He bought each a cake and a gift on their birthday , even though money was tight . ` There was nothing he would n't do for them , ' she said . ` All he was trying to do was to keep his kids warm . ' A co-worker at the nearby University of Maryland Eastern Shore , Brittney Hudson , said Todd ` was always smiling and laughing . ' ` He 's the man you need to know and the man you want to be , ' said Bilel Smith , who lives nearby . ` They were their own football team , their own basketball team . This is breaking our hearts . ' The local chief of police said his officers knew at once they will not found anyone alive inside the house . Silent killer : Stunned neighbors look an as police probe the CO accident . More than 400 Americans die each year from exposure to carbon monoxide .