He 's a Chelsea legend after 13 trophy-laden years at the club and it seems that Frank Lampard ca n't keep away from that part of west London . The 36-year-old was pictured walking down the English capital 's iconic King 's Road , enjoying himself with fiancee Christine Bleakley on Thursday . The couple were all smiles as Lampard enjoyed a day off from training with current club Manchester City ahead of their weekend Premier League clash at home to West Ham United . Frank Lampard made a return to Chelsea as he walked down King 's Road with fiancee Christine Bleakley . To date , the midfielder has made 32 appearances for City in all competitions on loan this season from MLS outfit New York City - scoring seven goals . Lampard will be joining his parent club in July , as New York currently continue play their debut season in the MLS without their marquee signing . And looking ahead to Lampard 's arrival in America , former Everton and Manchester City midfielder Adrian Heath believes Lampard and LA Galaxy-bound Steven Gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside . ` They will have to get used to the travel for an away game . Six hour flights leaving on Thursday and not arriving back until Sunday night . The time difference , sleep patterns , ' he told Sportsmail . The 36-year-old -LRB- left -RRB- has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for Manchester City on loan this season . Lampard will join up with parent club New York City in July after signing a two-year deal with the MLS side . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will join LA Galaxy in the summer after spending 17 seasons at the club . ` I think they 'll be impressed with the athleticism in the league . Six years ago coming here in your mid thirties you could get away with coasting but those days are gone . Frank will be fine and so will Steven because they 've got great football brains . ' And Heath , who is now manager of fellow new MLS team Orlando City , believes they will find a much more level playing field . ` The great thing about the MLS is because of the salary cap there is parity and you do n't know who is going to win the league , ' he added . ` The Premier League is exciting in many ways but you know only three or four teams can win it . ' Orlando City boss Adrian Heath believes Lampard and Gerrard are set for culture shocks when they move .