A teacher in New Jersey who assigned her third-grade class to write ` get well ' letters to a sick inmate convicted of killing a Philadelphia police officer was suspended Friday , the school superintendent said . Orange School Superintendent Ronald Lee said in a statement that school administrators ` vehemently deny ' any knowledge of Marilyn Zuniga 's assignment . Preliminary inquiries found that Zuniga did not seek approval from administrators nor were parents notified , Lee said . The letters were delivered to Mumia Abu-Jamal in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes . Suspended : Marilyn Zuniga -LRB- left -RRB- , a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange , New Jersey -LRB- right -RRB- , controversially had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison . She has now been suspended without pay , pending an investigation . Ill : Mumia 's supporters say photos of the prison journalist released this week by his wife show how ill and frail he is . Untreated diabetes is said to be the reason for Abu-Jama 's hospitalization last week , but he has since been released . The former Black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner . His conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but he has gained international support for his claim that he is the victim of a racist justice system . A supporter and history professor at Baruch College , Johanna Fernandez , brought him the letters . She posted on her Facebook page that ` he chuckled as he read excerpts from these touching letters ' . Abu-Jamal was released from a hospital in Pottsville , Pennsylvania , on April 1 , and returned to the prison , she said . The school district was closed for spring break and the superintendent said a full investigation would begin when classes resume on Monday . Zuniga will remain suspended without pay until the investigation is completed , the superintendent said . Additional action could be taken by the school board once the investigation is finished . An email The Associated Press sent Zuniga seeking comment was not immediately returned . A second batch of students , from the the Philadelphia Student Union , also sent Abu-Jama letters . ` Get well soon ' : Third graders in Orange , New Jersey , and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have sent Mumia Abu-Jamal letters wishing him well after he was hospitalized last week . Delivery : Johanna Fernandez -LRB- right -RRB- , a professor of history at Baruch College , delivered Mumia Abu-Jamal a batch of letters from two different schools in hospital . He is pictured here also with -LRB- from left -RRB- Abdu Jon and Pam Africa . ` We shared a touching moment with Mumia in an effort to raise his spirits , ' Fernandez reported . ` Two teachers delivered letters to us that their students had written to Mumia . ' ` It had been a long time since we had seen Mumia smile . ' A picture of some of the letters appeared online , however it is unclear what they actually said . However the fact they were written and then presented to Abu-Jamal has infuriated many . Richard Costello , political coordinator for the Philadelphia Fraternal Order of Police , said the letters set a dangerous example . ` I think it 's both alarming and outrageous that any teacher would use a group of innocent seven-year-olds to promote a twisted agenda glorifying murder , glorifying hatred and glorifying violence , ' Costello told Fox News . ` He shot -LRB- the officer -RRB- in the back and then as the officer lay slumped against a wall helpless he leaned over and shot him between the eyes . ` When he was in the hospital he actually bragged about it . ' Costello said all the teachers involved in the letter writing campaign should be fired . ` Furthermore all the parents who have children in that school system need to reevaluate that involvement , because these children are now placed in danger by the very people charged with their education , ' Costello said . ` They are being used as tools in someone 's twisted agenda . ' Hospitalized : Convicted cop killer Mumia Abu-Jamal was placed in the critical care unit of a Pennsylvania hospital last week after collapsing in prison . Costello has previously described Abu-Jamal as ` the devil ' . Abu-Jamal is thought to have collapsed in prison due to high blood sugar levels . Attorney Bret Grote with the Pittsburgh-based Abolitionist Law Center said last week that his client was placed in the critical care unit of Schuylkill Medical Center in Pottsville , Pennsylvania . Grote says neither he nor Abu-Jamal 's brother , Keith Cook , had been allowed in to see him . ` We 're concerned , about as concerned as it gets , about Mumia 's health , ' Grote told the Philadelphia Inquirer . A Pennsylvania Department of Corrections official also declined to provide details . A spokesman for Pottsville 's Schuylkill Medical Center says he had no information about Abu-Jamal . ` We never discuss an inmate 's medical condition , ' deputy press secretary Susan Bensinger told the Inquirer . Mumia 's hospitalization was revealed Monday when a group of his friends arrived to the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy for a visit and were informed by prison staff that he was n't there . While Grote and others had permission with the prison to visit Mumia , the hospital had not yet cleared them . Grote said he hoped the matter would be cleared up by Tuesday . Abu-Jamal is a former Black Panther serving life in prison for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner . Treated : Lawyers with Pittsburgh-based Abolitionist Law Center say prison officials told them Mumia was being treated last week at Pottsville 's Schuylkill Medical Center -LRB- pictured -RRB- . He has since been released . His conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but he has gained international support for his claim that he 's the victim of a racist justice system . Mumia 's death sentence was overturned in 2012 . Abu-Jamal supporters include celebrities like Whoopi Goldberg , and many hail him as a revolutionary . Abu-Jamal has written several books , hosted his own radio show and even has a street named after him in France . Mumia Abu-Jamal -LRB- left -RRB- is a former Black Panther serving life in prison for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner -LRB- right -RRB- . His conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but his death sentence was converted to life in prison in 2012 .