Four under-age fraternity members were busted by police on an Alabama interstate with a trailer-load of alcohol , after being stopped for an expired tag . The Louisiana State University students were found with nearly 2,000 beers , ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine on the I-10 in Mobile County . Harrison Coogan , and Hunter Coker , both 18 , and 19-year-olds Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber , told sheriff 's deputies they were heading to spring break celebrations in Gulf Shores . Scroll down for video . Busted : Four underage frat boys were busted in Alabama , accused of towing nearly 2,000 cans of beer and ten litres of spirits to Gulf Shores for spring break . Mobile County Sheriff 's spokesman Lori Myles said deputies found the alcohol during a stop Monday on Interstate-10 on Monday . Ms Myles said the teenagers were asked to stop by officers as they were hauling a trailer with an expired tag . 106x18 packs of Natural Light beer . 5x12 packs of Corona beer . One 5litre box of Franzia White Zinfandel . 1.75 litres Skyy Vodka . 750 ml Gordon 's Vodka . 1.75 litres Captain Morgan Rum . 2x1 .75 litres + 1x750ml Jack Daniels . 1.75 litres Jose Cuervo . 1.75 litres Svedka Vodka . During the stop , Coogan , Barber , Coker and Buckner consented to a search of their pick-up truck and trailer , which is how deputies discovered the alcohol . Authorities say more than 100 cases of Natural Light beer , five cases of Corona and a five-litre box of Franzie White Zinfandel was confiscated . Deputies also found a total of ten litres of vodka , tequila , rum , and whiskey . The four young men , who all joined the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity at LSU last term , told officers they were en-route to Gulf Shores to meet ` a larger group of people for the week of spring break , ' The Advocate reports . Lt. Paul Burch says the suspects will likely be charged with underage alcohol possession . That 's a lot of beer money : More than 100 cases of Natural Light beer , five cases of Corona and a five-litre box of Franzie White Zinfandel was confiscated . Mobile Country Sheriff 's deputies also found a total of ten litres of vodka , tequila , rum , and whiskey .