Bafetimbi Gomis has been stepping up his recovery from a hamstring injury as the Swansea City striker returned to France in a bid to get back playing as soon as possible . The French forward suffered the injury during the Swans ' 1-1 Premier League draw with Everton earlier this month and has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family in Lyon . Scans revealed a grade two hamstring tear that should keep the 29-year-old out for between three and four weeks but Gomis has been pleased with his progress during the first week of rehabilitation . Swansea City striker Bafetimbi Gomis has been recovering from his hamstring injury in France . Gomis is put through his stretching exercises as he bids to play again in two to three weeks . Gomis works on strengthening his muscle and has also been able to spend time with his family in Lyon . The former Lyon striker took to Instagam on Thursday to share pictures of his recovery as he was put through various muscle building exercises to strengthen the injury . ` Working hard on my rehab to be in shape asap and at home with my family , it seems that things are going better , ' Gomis wrote on Instagram . ` I hope that I can go back on the field soon . After all the effort nothing is better than the comfort provided by my little Dione . ' The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke but hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11 . Swansea 's Gomis unleashes a dangerous shot against Everton but only manages to injure his hamstring . The Frenchman is treated on the sidelines after leaving the field during Swansea 's 1-1 draw with Everton . Gomis ' injury has come at the worst possible time as he was finding his best form in a Swansea shirt after a difficult first season at the Liberty Stadium . The 29-year-old spent the first half of the campaign in Wilfried Bony 's shadow and appeared to be agitating for a move until the Ivorian was sold to Manchester City in January for an initial £ 25million fee . But Gomis , who joined from Lyon on a free transfer last summer , has since settled at Swansea and had scored four goals in seven games before being injured against Everton .