Helping children to get safely to school as a lollipop man might seem the ideal job for an active pensioner nearing his 80th birthday . But John Doyle , 79 , was left with a punctured lung and a broken rib after he was beaten up by an angry driver during a terrifying road rage attack . The grandfather was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road when businessman Genti Rustemi , 45 , drove over the crossing point without slowing . Genti Rustemi , 45 , -LRB- left -RRB- left John Doyle , 79 , -LRB- right -RRB- with a broken rib and a punctured lung after attacking the lollipop man as he helped children cross the road to get to school . Mr Doyle was helping youngsters cross the road to Wellington School in Timperley , Greater Manchester -LRB- pictured -RRB- , where his wife is a dinnerlady . To show his disapproval , Mr Doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the BMW as it hurtled past and then , when the driver stopped , told him to be more careful . But after Rustemi had dropped off his daughter at a different school , he returned to the crossing minutes later in a fit of temper and attacked Mr Doyle , who was still helping pupils cross the road . As children and parents looked on in horror , the incensed businessman threw a punch towards Mr Doyle 's face . It failed to connect but managed to knock off his glasses . He then punched Mr Doyle in the chest causing him to fall over backwards into the road where he sat gasping for breath . The former pub landlord was taken to hospital where he was found to have suffered a fractured rib and a punctured lung . Kosovo-born Rustemi , from Stockport , escaped a jail sentence this week after admitting assault causing actual bodily harm and dangerous driving . Instead , he was handed a six-month suspended jail term , ordered to pay Mr Doyle £ 2,000 in compensation , told to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work and banned from the roads for 12 months . Mr Doyle -LRB- pictured at the scene of the attack -RRB- was helping two 12 year old girls across the road outside their school , when Rustemi drove over the crossing without slowing . Mr Doyle took the post as a ` patrol crossing officer ' three years ago to to stave off boredom during retirement . Mr Doyle , who has been married for 55 years to Jean , 80 , a dinner lady , took the job as a ` patrol crossing officer ' three years ago to stave off boredom during retirement . Minshull Street Crown Court in Manchester heard that the incident happened at 8.30 am on January 20 while he was working outside Wellington School , a secondary school , in Timperley , Greater Manchester . Yesterday Mr Doyle , who had to take six weeks off work following the attack , said : ` It was an extraordinary thing . I 've spent most of my working life in the licence trade so I 've had to escort my fair share of people from my premises but this was something else . ` What he did was like going through a red light . Both myself and the children could have been run over . I 've been verbally abused in the past but I never expected to get hit . ` But I 'll keep doing lollipop patrols until I stop enjoying it , and that 's even after getting a punctured lung . I love the job and love meeting people . I 've got no plans to stop yet . ' Mr Doyle , who was sent this get well soon card by pupils , said he plans to continue his job as a lollipop man despite being injured by Rustemi . Speaking of the incident , he said : ` I had dropped my lollipop down to draw the driver 's attention to the fact I was in the middle of the road with two schoolchildren . ` But he was only about 18 inches away from me as he went by . He asked me what the bloody hell I thought I was doing . I said , `` did n't you see me standing on the road ? '' He said `` no '' so I said , `` you should bloody well open your eyes then . '' Rustemi tried to argue that Mr Doyle had been the ` aggressor ' during the incident , but police took statements from a number of schoolchildren witnesses who said the opposite . ` He drove off and I thought that was it then three or four minutes later he came charging across the road towards me and hit me in the side . Much to my mortification I collapsed . ` I have never experienced anything quite like that . It was just not being able to stand up at again . I was lying on the floor and could n't stand up . I had to crawl across the pavement to a wall and hauled myself up against it and by this time I had people around me . I did n't think there was proper injury at that point , I was just deeply ashamed that I had fallen and could n't stand up again . ` It was n't until later in hospital having an X-ray they discovered that I had broken my rib . I ca n't imagine anybody would drive away , park the car and come charging back because of a sudden burst of temper . This must have been something that was festering for one reason or another . ' Sentencing him the judge Mr Recorder David Heaton QC said : ` You behaved in a way in front of your daughter and in front of other schoolchildren which is repugnant to right-minded people . You drove along the road and it appears you failed to see Mr Doyle , the school crossing patrol man , who at that time was escorting two 12-year-old girls across the road . ` So frustrated was he by your driving that he , perhaps unwisely , allowed his crossing banner to drop on to your vehicle and no doubt that surprised your daughter and caused you to exchange words with him . If matters had rested there I imagine you would not be here . Foolishly , you went away but returned two minutes later , more angry , it appears , than you were previously , and threw a punch at Mr Doyle . ` He was carrying out a public service escorting schoolchildren safely from one side of the road to the other and is a much older man . I am prepared to accept you did not realise at the time but nonetheless an inexcusable feature was his age . ` The service he performed is one which parents of children up and down the country value every morning of the school term . You assaulted a public servant , you did it in front of children in the morning and to a man who was significantly older than you . I note you have not been well and that might be some sort of explanation for this extraordinary behaviour . '