A size 24 woman who spent years gorging on discounted snacks on the supermarket she works at has lost seven stone after ditching the habit . Leanne Kenny , 23 , from Northwich , Cheshire , reached almost 20 stone after repeatedly taking home end-of-the-line discounted junk food . The supermarket worker would snack on bumper bars of chocolate , baked goods and fizzy drinks going cheap because of their sell-by dates . Leanne Kenny ballooned to almost 20st after snacking on leftover goods at her place of work , but after ditching the snacks Leanne has lost 7st and now weighs in at 13st . It was n't until she broke down in a shop changing room when she could n't squeeze into their largest dress that she finally resolved to lose weight and cut out her unhealthy post-work snacks . Following her strict diet and fitness regime Leanne has shed seven stone and has shrunk down to 13 stone . Leanne says that she had always struggled with her weight but the real problem began after starting her job in the Co-op . Leanne worked as a check out girl at the Co-op and would snack on discounted products every day . Leanne says that she had always struggled with her weight and was teased when she was in school . Leanne says her break through moment came when she was unable to fit into the largest size in a store . ` Even as a child , I was the biggest one among my friends but my weight really became a problem when I started my supermarket job and could n't resist the discounted treats , ' she said . ` I would get teased at high school but I put on such a confident front , laughing off the hurtful comments and plastering myself in makeup just to make myself feel better . ' By the age of 16 , Leanne was already a size 20 and felt too embarrassed to go out with her friends so she swapped nights out with staying in wearing sweat pants and drinking fizzy drinks . Leanne started her job as a team leader at Co-op in 2010 , aged 19 , and she began piling on the pounds . By December 2013 , she weighed 19st 3 lb and went shopping for a new dress but broke down in tears when she could n't fit into the store 's size 24 . Leanne said : ` When I started working at Co-op , I found out that lots of food was discounted at the end of the shift . Leanne joined Weight Watchers and took up walking in a bid to shed the weight . ` I could n't resist the temptation . I would tell myself that I was bringing it home so that the food would n't be wasted or would share it between my family but to be honest I would bring home food anyway whether it was cheap or not and it would all be for me . ' Aware that she was gaining weight Leanne attempted some weight-loss regimes but she would quickly give up . ` As my weight increased , I did try some diets but I just could n't stick with any of them . I 'd get hungry at work and then could n't resist the delicious snacks that were on offer . ` My weight soared but I ignored it until I could n't any longer - and could n't even fit into a size 24 . Leanne , now a size 14 , plans to drop a further dress size by the summer . Pictured here in her old work uniform . ` It was the dress incident where something finally clicked in my head . Instead of coming home with a beautiful brand new dress I had to order a frumpy one online from a plus-sized store - I was mortified . ' It was this light-bulb moment that finally saw Leanne make a dramatic change to her lifestyle . ` A week later I signed up to my local Weight Watchers . I immediately cut out bread and sugar and focused on walking . Within six months I got into the swing of it and would walk every day - and managed to lose four stone . ` Instead of stocking up on cakes , chocolate and crisps , I opted for fruit , veg and other healthy snacks instead . And I 've never felt better . ' Leanne says that one of her proudest moments came when she visited a department store and was able to try on clothes . Leanne credits her boyfriend Dan -LRB- pictured with her before weight loss -RRB- for keeping her motivated . ` I went to Debenhams in April and managed to fit into a pair of size 18 trousers . This time I cried tears of happiness - it was a long way from the last time I was in a high street changing room . ' Leanne says that ditching her habit for after work snacks had been tricky but she had found something else to take home instead . ` The hardest thing has been stopping myself taking treats home from work , but I persevered and now take home fruit or vegetables . ' Now Leanne is down to a size 14 and regularly visits the gym , running every night and visiting four times a week . She credits her boyfriend of four years Daniel Tittensor for keeping her motivated throughout her weight loss and aims to lose another stone to reach her goal of being a size 12 by the summer . ` In December 2014 , I wore a size 14 dress which was a dream come true , ' said Leanne . ` It made all the hard work worthwhile . The past year had been the hardest of my life , forcing myself to resist temptations , but now I can finally have bread and chocolate although in moderation . ' Leanne added : ` I never thought I would be able to do it . All it takes is a heck of a lot of willpower and dedication . I 've kept an old dress and pair of trousers to remind me of how big I once was . I can fit both of my legs in one leg of my old trousers now ! ` I have never felt so good and for once I can look in the mirror and feel happy at what I see - no more discounted goods for me . '