A lonely pensioner left half a million pounds to a builder who once agreed to clean out his gutters for free - but the bequest is now at the centre of a High Court legal battle . Ronald Butcher , a ` private and quiet man ' , bequeathed his entire £ 500,000 fortune to Daniel Sharp after he died in March 2013 . But his relatives and family friends insist that the will , made just two months before his death , is invalid and say that the builder is lying about his friendship with Mr Butcher . Bequest : Ronald Butcher , pictured , left his £ 500,000 fortune to a builder when he died in 2013 . Lucky : Daniel Sharp was given £ 500,000 by Mr Butcher after doing building work for him free . After the pensioner died at home in Enfield , north London aged 75 , his body was not discovered for almost two months , the High Court heard . Judge Leslie Anderson QC was told that Mr Butcher 's ` family ' consisted his elderly cousin , Joyce Gilkerson , plus Evelyn Hutchins and Peter Rogers , the children of a close school friend , who regarded him as their ` uncle Ron ' . The three were the equal beneficiaries of a will drawn up by Mr Butcher in December 2011 , but after his death they discovered that they had been disinherited . Araba Taylor , for Mrs Hutchins , told the court that the ` odd ' nature of Mr Butcher 's bequest to Mr Sharp should ` excite suspicion ' that he did not fully understand what he was doing . But Jennifer Seaman , for Mr Sharp , said : ` Mr Butcher was a lonely man who found a friend in Mr Sharp . Mr Butcher knew what he was doing when he made the 2013 will and what its effect would be . ` He found a male friend in Mr Sharp , somebody he could chat to . They had a shared interest in DIY and he liked to hear about Mr Sharp 's son . That is an explanation why he wanted to make the 2013 will . ' Cut out : Evelyn Hutchins , left , and Peter Rogers , right , expected to inherit the bulk of Mr Butcher 's fortune . Home : Mr Butcher became friends with Mr Sharp after the builder cleared the gutters of his home in Enfield , pictured , six years before his death . Close : Mr Butcher , left , pictured with members of Mr Rogers and Mrs Hutchins ' family . Giving evidence , Mr Sharp described the start of his friendship with Mr Butcher six years before his death , saying : ` When I first cleaned out his gutter he offered me a tenner or twenty quid for it , but I said no , I would n't take it . It was a nothing job that took seconds . ' Talking of his feelings on learning of his surprise inheritance , he added : ` At the time I was shocked to be given something like that . It 's life changing . Nobody gives you nothing in life . ` I did n't think he had people to give it to , or obviously they had had an argument . Something happened and he gave it to me . I ca n't say the reason why he gave it to me . ` But if I 'm the only one who went round to talk to him ... I did n't know what 's gone on with the others . Obviously there 's been a big falling out . ' Asked why he did not attend Mr Butcher 's funeral , Mr Sharp said it would ` just cause arguments ' with the pensioner 's family , and refuted Miss Taylor 's clim that the two men were not in fact friends . Friendship : Mr Sharp said he did not attend Mr Butcher 's funeral because he did not want to upset anyone . Battle : The two sides are locked in a High Court fight at the Royal Courts of Justice , pictured . He said : ` I class a friend as somebody who talks to people . His friends and family had n't spoken to him in months . At least I was going round whenever I was in the area . ` I 'm still shocked today and I can understand why his family are upset about it . But , at the end of the day , there 's a reason why he 's given it to me . They know it , but I do n't . ` We were not good friends , just friends . I never said I was his best mate or whatever . ' Mrs Hutchins , 53 , told the court that her family had been close to her honorary ` uncle ' Mr Butcher . She admitted that she and her brother saw less of him after their mother 's death , but denied the suggestion that they had ` slowly lost contact ' with him . She said : ` One or other of us would go and see him every break we had . I had tried to pop in around March and had phoned but there was nothing . We were planning to go on a cruise the next year . ` I 've never seen Mr Sharp . I would have expected uncle Ron to talk about him . ' Mr Rogers , 57 , claimed Mr Sharp was ` lying ' about being friends with Mr Butcher , adding : ` My uncle had lots of friends and still came to family parties . ` He and Mr Sharp had nothing in common . It just does n't add up . He would tell us about what was going on in his life and Mr Sharp never ever came up . ' The hearing continues .