The new Southpaw trailer last month featured Jake Gyllenhaal showing off an extremely toned torso . But according to his trainer , former professional boxer Terry Claybon , it took a huge amount of work to get the 34-year-old actor ripped for the shoot , including six months of training before filming even started . He also worked out for an incredible six hours per day , including 2,000 sit ups , 1,000 each morning and the same at night . Of course , Jake had to work even harder to get in shape because he had just dropped approximately 30 lbs to play freelance crime reporter Lou , who stumbles upon the dangerous underworld of Los Angeles in Nightcrawler . Scroll down for video . Blood , sweat and tears : According to his trainer , it took a huge amount of work to get Jake Gyllenhaal ripped for Southpaw , including six months of training before filming started , 2,000 sit ups and six hours of training each day . Much thinner : The 34-year-old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15 lbs of muscle . He not only returned to his normal weight - but he then put on another 15 pounds of pure muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope . His trainer Claybon told Yahoo : ` Gradually we built up , day-by-day , to 2,000 . It takes time to do that ' , and revealed that his exercise regime included , ` three hours of boxing in the morning and three hours of strengthening , conditioning , and cardio at night . ' Speaking about his weight loss for Nightcrawler , Jake told Us Weekly : ` I knew that -LSB- Lou -RSB- was literally and figuratively hungry , -LSB- so I got into the -RSB- mode where I was always a bit hungry . Beaten : The trailer shows a muscular Gyllenhaal bloodied and bruised by an opponent in the boxing ring . Bulking up : Jake poses here with his trainers , including former boxer Terry Claybon -LRB- second from right -RRB- , who was responsible for whipping the once-scrawny actor into shape . Gyllenhaal also attended several boxing matches to watch how real fighters move in the ring . ` It 's not different than getting into character for anything . It 's more about believing where you are and being present where you are . Who 's to say what the process is ? I have a strange one ... but I love what I do . ' Claybon explained to Yahoo that Jake put back on the weight he had lost before gaining an extra 15 pounds of muscle for Southpaw . Health experts told the Daily Telegraph that Gyllenhaal likely went on a high-protein diet , that likely included protein powder . He likely had to consume 130 grams of protein - two and a half times the daily recommended intake . Health experts also told the Telegraph that such drastic body changes could cause long-term damage to his body . The huge swing in Gyllenhaal 's physique recalls other drastic changes actors have made in their bodies . Among the most recent and most notable is Matthew McConaughey 's turn from Magic Mike hunk to Dallas Buyers Club AIDS patient . Meanwhile , in Southpaw , Jake plays Billy Hope , a professional boxer who must rebuild his life after his wife is killed and his daughter is taken away from him . The recent trailer opens with Gyllenhaal 's understatement : ` I expected a hard fight . I put my family through a lot . ' It then cuts to him in the ring bloodied and bruised as he takes a relentless pounding from an opponent , while his wife , played by Rachel McAdam and Curtis '50 Cent ' Jackson look on in horror , before Hope suddenly turns it around sends the other boxer to the canvass . Horrified : His wife , played by Rachel McAdam and Curtis '50 Cent ' Jackson can only stand by and watch ringside . Adrenelin : Gyllenhaal plays Billy Hope , a boxer who allows himself take punches to fire himself up . The reason Gyllenhaal 's character allowed himself to take the beating in the first place is then explained . ` The more you get hit the harder you fight , I get it , ' his wife says . ` Only now you 've taken way to many hits before you get off . You cant fight like that any more . Think about her . ' She 's talking about the couple 's only daughter Leila , who is played by film newcomer Oona Laurence . The youngster is fresh from lauded performances on Broadway as Matilda in the stage adaptation of the Roald Dahl classic . But the trailer also reveals there 's a much more devastating blow in store for Hope , when his wife is accidentally shot dead by a bodyguard during an altercation with he has with another boxer who had been taunting him , which McAdam 's character had told him to walk away from . Doomed : The two-and-a-half minute clip reveals McAdams is killed during an altercation between Hope and another boxer . Hopeless : The boxer must fight to regain his daughter , who is taken from him by child services following the death of his wife . Young star : Leila Hope is played by Oona Laurence who just wowed audiences on Broadway as Matilda . And things get worse for the embattled boxer as the child protection services take his daughter away from him after he falls into a dangerous cycle of self destruction following the death of the child 's mother . The film also stars Rita Ora , who recently played Christian Grey 's sister in Fifty Shades Of Grey , as well as Forest Whitaker and Naoime Harris , replacing Lupita Nyong ' o who dropped out in August . Shot : McAdams plays Maureen , whose death starts Gyllenhaal 's downward spiral . The real Jake Gyllenhaal : When not packing on muscle or dropping weight for a role , Jake looks like this -LRB- pictured in January -RRB- .