A toddler was struck and killed by his teen uncle who was driving while under the influence , according to police . Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville , Georgia home on Sunday at 12.25 pm , according to Georgia State Patrol Cpl. Auston Allen . Joshua Saunders , 19 , was arrested on charges including DUI , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide , according to The Gainesville Times . Officials said Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center . Scroll down for video . Two-year-old Landen Martin -LRB- left -RRB- was struck and killed on Sunday by the car his 19-year-old uncle Joshua Saunders -LRB- right -RRB- was driving . Joshua Saunders , who authorities said was driving while under the influence , was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville , Georgia home when Martin ran behind the car -LRB- above the 1978 Chevrolet K10 he was driving -RRB- . Georgia State Patrol said following the accident , Joshua Saunders got out the car and saw what happened but left the scene . He was then spotted less than a mile from where the incident occurred by a Hall County sheriff 's deputy and was taken back to the scene . ` He was standing right there playing and Josh went to back up and Josh jumped out of the truck and started screaming , ` Landen ! Landen ! ' Martin 's grandmother and Joshua Saunders ' mother , Martha Saunders told Channel 2 . ` He did n't mean to hit that baby . He did n't . He loved him . ' Joshua Saunders was arrested on charges including DUI , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide -LRB- above the driveway of the Gainesville , Georgia home -RRB- . Martin 's grandmother and also Joshua Saunders ' mother , Martha Saunders -LRB- above -RRB- said : ` He -LSB- Joshua Saunders -RSB- did n't mean to hit that baby . He did n't . He loved him ' Martin and Joshua Saunders ' family said the teen was not aware that the child had run into the path of the Chevrolet he was driving at the time . ` It was an accident and accidents happen , ' the toddler 's mother , Kristian Saunders , told CBS 46 . Joshua Saunders was extremely remorseful and was also cooperative with authorities , according to investigators . The family has said that they do not want Joshua Saunders to be put behind bars , and he is currently being held at the Hall County Jail . ` He loved his uncle Josh , ' Smith told CBS . ` We want to roll back time , we want to roll back a day . ' Allen said that toxicology tests on Joshua Saunders ' blood-alcohol content are pending .