This is the first photograph revealing the face of murder-accused U.S. teenager Heather Mack 's baby . Little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Mack , 19 , who allegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in a plush Bali hotel last August before stuffing her body in a suitcase , together with her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer , 21 . While Stella was being looked after by a friend outside the court today , a blanket fell away , revealing the child 's face to the world for the first time . Scroll down for video . Exclusive : This is the first photograph revealing the face of murder-accused teenager Heather Mack 's baby . Motherhood : Little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack , 19 , who is accused of murder . U.S. teenager Heather Mack allegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in a plush Bali hotel last August before stuffing her body in a suitcase , together with her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer , 21 . The little girl was kept outside Denpasar District Court while her parents appeared briefly , but separately , before a panel of three judges . Lawyers for both Americans said they rejected the premeditated charges that had been laid upon them . Last month a prosecutor demanded Mack , from Chicago , spend 15 years in a Bali prison , Indonesia , sparing her the death penalty , and Schaefer 18 years . As she waited in a holding cell to go into the court today , Mack sat on a bench with her baby in a carry cot - donated by a friend - beside her . ` Tomorrow , I 'm having my stitches out , ' she revealed in a reference to the birth of the baby by caesarian last month . ` It will also be time for Stella to have her injections - all the health injections that young babies have to have . ' The battered body of Mack 's 62-year-old mother was found ` folded up ' in a suitcase that had been loaded into the boot of a waiting taxi at St Regis Hotel in Bali 's seaside Nusa Dua district last August . Schaefer has admitted hitting the victim with the metal handle of a fruit bowl in self-defence while Mack has been accused of helping him to force the body into a suitcase , which was then loaded into the boot of a taxi they had ordered . Father : Tommy Schaefer has admitted hitting Sheila Von Wiese-Mack with the metal handle of a fruit bowl in self-defence . Denied : Lawyers for both Mack -LRB- right -RRB- and Tommy said they rejected the premeditated charges that had been laid upon them . Tommy Schaefer 's defence team , appearing at a separate hearing , rejected claims of premeditated murder . The couple did not board the taxi , however , instead leaving the hotel by a rear exit . They tried to leave Bali via the airport but they did not have their passports , which were being held in a safe deposit box at the hotel . Mack and Schaefer were arrested the following day at another Bali hotel . Mack said during an earlier court hearing that they panicked after Schaefer 's attack with the metal bowl . She said they thought about either calling the police or taking the body in a suitcase to the U.S. Consulate . She did not explain why they did not do either one . In court today , Mack 's lawyer , Ary Soendardi , said that all the prosecution claims were rejected by the defence team . He said at the time of Mrs Mack 's death , her daughter was ` just pregnant ' and for several reasons this had to be taken into consideration . Heather Mack is allowed to keep her baby with her in her cell until the child is two years old . She said she plans to continue breast feeding during this time . Birth : The baby was born on March 17 and had to be treated in the jail clinic and then in hospital after developing a high fever and jaundice . Since being held in jail , Mack has been keeping her baby with her in a crowded cell in Bali 's Kerobokan prison . Tommy Schaefer pictured here in prison with baby Stella , who was born by caesarian on March 17 this year . He also asked the court to note that her pregnancy had continued throughout the charging process and she was now a young mother with a tiny baby . Schaefer 's defence team , appearing at a separate hearing , also rejected claims of premeditated murder , referring to earlier statements that the 21-year-old had struck out against Mrs Mack in self-defence because she had gripped him by the throat . The pair - and possibly the baby - will be back at the court again on Thursday next week when the defence teams are expected to present evidence supporting the couple 's claim of innocence . Mack was previously told by the chief prosecutor Eddy Arta Wijaya she had ` committed sadistic acts to her own mother ' , but was spared the death penalty ` because she repeatedly expressed remorse and has a newborn baby ' . Tommy Schaefer , 21 , pictured in court today , is accused of murdering his girlfriend 's socialite mother Sheila . Mack , pictured in court today , is allowed to keep her baby with her in her cell - which she is sharing with eight other women . Murder-accused Heather Mack , 19 , from Chicago , listens to her interpreter at Denpasar District Court in Bali . Since being held in jail , she has been keeping her baby , who has six fingers on one hand , with her in the crowded cell in Bali 's Kerobokan prison . The baby was born on March 17 and had to be treated in the jail clinic and then in hospital after developing a high fever and jaundice . The child was later allowed to be taken back to the prison with her mother . Mack is allowed to keep her baby with her in her cell - which she is sharing with eight other women - until the child is two years old . Mack says she intended to continue breastfeeding for two years . She revealed there was another prison baby , aged seven months , in a separate cell . Jail sentences of less than 20 years for each of the defendants are far more lenient than the death penalty or lifetime in prison that many had expected to be handed down for the gruesome crime . Since being held in jail , Mack has been keeping her baby , who has six fingers on one hand , with her in the crowded cell in Bali 's Kerobokan prison .