She might have the physical attributes of a woman but Jennifer Pagonis was in fact born intersex , meaning she is genetically male and has the reproductive organs to match . The 29-year-old from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome -LRB- AIS -RRB- , a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body . Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but did n't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class . The brunette - who currently works for a non-profit addressing the legal rights of intersex individuals - immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions and was shocked to find her worst fears confirmed . Scroll down for video . Speaking out : She might have the physical attributes of a woman but Jennifer Pagonis -LRB- above -RRB- was in fact born intersex , meaning she is genetically male and has the reproductive organs to match . Flashback : The 29-year-old -LRB- seen above circa 1990 -RRB- has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome -LRB- AIS -RRB- , a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen . ` I was like , `` Oh . My . God ! That 's the thing the teacher was talking about ... , '' ' Pagonis told the Associated Press . ` And then I went into like a freefall . ' Two decades ago , there was little information about AIS and Pagonis ' parents were 'n' t sure how to talk openly about the condition . Pagonis was born with an enlarged clitoris , no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse . However , Pagonis says she learned as a teenager that this was ` almost impossible ' . Undescended testes were also removed from her abdomen to prevent them from developing cancer ; although some doctors now think affected children can be monitored instead . For a long time Pagonis struggled with depression and angst until meeting young intersex adults who 've embraced their differences . Growing pains : Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but did n't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class . Body confident : Pagonis now uses the first name ` Pidgeon , ' does n't identify as female or male and works as an artist and intersex activist against surgery . Pagonis now uses the first name ` Pidgeon ' , does n't identify as female or male and works as an intersex activist against surgery . Using social media to voice her thoughts , she recently tweeted : ` Diagnosed -LSB- with -RSB- testicular feminization -LRB- AIS -RRB- & labeled male pseudo-hermaphrodite exist in the gray . But , I believe , so does everybody . ' Pagonis ' advice for parents with intersex infants ? ` Take them home and love them ... just the way they are . ' Alice Dreger , a Northwestern University ethicist and author , says it makes sense for parents to raise affected kids as boys or girls . ` But sometimes we get that gender assignment wrong . And in those cases it 's particularly important that we 've not done unnecessary interventions . ' Androgen insensitivity syndrome -LRB- AIS -RRB- is when a person who is genetically male -LRB- who has one X and one Y chromosome -RRB- is resistant to male hormones -LRB- called androgens -RRB- . As a result , the person has some or all of the physical traits of a woman , but the genetic makeup of a man . It is caused by genetic defects on the X chromosome . These defects make the body unable to respond to the hormones that produce a male appearance . Complete androgen insensitivity prevents the penis and other male body parts from developing . At birth , the child looks like a girl . The complete form of the syndrome occurs in as many as 1 in 20,000 live births . How many male traits people have differ in incomplete AIS . A person with complete AIS appears to be female but has no uterus , and has very little armpit and pubic hair . At puberty , female sex characteristics - such as breasts - develop . However , the person does not menstruate and become fertile . Persons with incomplete AIS may have both male and female physical characteristics . Many have partial closing of the outer vaginal lips , an enlarged clitoris , and a short vagina . Complete AIS is rarely discovered during childhood . Sometimes , a growth is felt in the abdomen or groin that turns out to be a testicle when it is explored with surgery . Most people with this condition are not diagnosed until they do not get a menstrual period or they have trouble getting pregnant . Incomplete AIS is often discovered during childhood because the person may have both male and female physical traits . Tests used to diagnose this condition may include blood work , genetic testing or a pelvic ultrasound . When it comes to treatment , testicles that are in the wrong place may be removed when a child finishes growing . Estrogen replacement can also be prescribed after puberty . SOURCE : MedLinePlus . Vocal : Using social media to voice her thoughts , she recently tweeted : ` Diagnosed -LSB- with -RSB- testicular feminization -LRB- AIS -RRB- & labeled male pseudo-hermaphrodite exist in the gray . But , I believe , so does everybody . ' Idea exchange : It 's estimated that at least 1 in 5,000 U.S. babies are born each year with intersex conditions . Pagonis hopes that by speaking out about her condition she can help comfort others with AIS . Efforts in the medical sphere also are underway to change the way intersex children are treated . ` The way that we took care of things in the past ... where there was a fair amount of secrecy , where there was surgery done in the infant state , and potentially irreversible surgery , is probably not the best way to go about things , ' said Dr. Earl Cheng , who runs the two-year-old sex development disorders program at Chicago 's Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children 's Hospital . The program is one of several nationwide that employ a team of specialists including surgeons , hormone experts , genetic counselors , psychologists and ethicists . The team helps families weigh their options , including whether surgery should be considered at all . It 's estimated that at least 1 in 5,000 U.S. babies are born each year with intersex conditions . Some affected children have typical male or female chromosomes , but genetic glitches and hormonal problems that begin in the womb , cause genitals to resemble those of the opposite sex . Others have a male-female blend of sex chromosomes and reproductive organs .