A former Playboy model is facing common assault charges for allegedly punching a young woman in a Queensland pub , despite the victim withdrawing her complaint . The model , Georgina Gosden , allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville 's Mad Cow Tavern in on December 7 last year . She carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last April . Police are pursuing the charges against Ms Gosden , despite her most recent victim withdrawing the charges . Scroll down for video . Former Playboy model Georgina Gosden , 25 , is facing charges for punching two women in the face at a pub . Both incidences took place at Towsnville 's Mad Cow Tavern in north Queensland . The Townsville Magistrates Court heard Gosden was already at the Mad Cow pub when the younger woman walked in about 10.40 pm . When she went to order a drink , Gosden allegedly got up from her seat , ran to the woman and punched her in the face . Court documents say the woman was known to Gosden , who told police ` she was going to find her -LSB- the victim -RSB- ' . The model is said to have carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last April . It is alleged Gosden punched both woman in the face at the Mad Cow Tavern . Ms Gosden has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue . At the time of the incident , the Playboy model was already on bail , charged with assault occasioning bodily harm after she assaulted an old school friend at the same pub in April last year . The first victim said at the time that the model had come out of nowhere and punched her in the face . ` I walked inside the nightclub , I turned to my right and had only taken about three steps and was looking around . Then I saw someone in a long green fluorescent skirt coming towards me quickly from my left , ' the victim told police , according to the Bulletin . That charge was later dismissed and replaced with a drunk and disorderly charge . Magistrate Cathy Wadley agreed to let Gosden out on bail , despite police prosecutor Erica Forde advising against because of fears the model would re-offend . Ms Gosden 's Solicitor , Callum Argaet , said police had advised they would be proceeding with the most recent common assault charge , despite his firm applying for the charge to be dropped , The Courier Mail reported . Gosden signed with Playboy last year and described herself as a ` tomboy ' in high school in a video on its YouTube channel . April 's incident allegedly involved her punching another woman several times in the face . In a video on the Playboy YouTube channel , Gosden said she was a horse riding instructor who grew up in Townsville and was born in England . She described herself as ` outgoing ' and a ` fun-type of girl ' . ` I teach young kids to ride horses . It 's very rewarding . I 've been riding since I was 9 , I try to ride horses every day , ' Gosden said . The model was granted bail by the magistrate but police prosecutors feared she would re-offend . Gosden said she was a horse riding instructor who was not ` very girly ' when she was in high school . Despite her budding career as a glamour model , Gosden confessed she was not ` very girly ' when she was younger . ` The type of girl I was in high school , I was definitely a tomboy . I wore baggy shirts and board shorts , ' she said . ` I was n't very girly until a lot later on when I started to get those curves in all the right places . ' Georgina Gosden has pleaded not guilty to the common assault charges . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .