Nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999 - and many youngsters think the emergency number is 911 , a study found . Many said their children were not mature enough to learn the life-saving skill . And , shockingly , an even greater number said their children would not know the difference between 999 and 911 , the emergency number in the US . Scroll down for video . Nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999 - and many youngsters think the emergency number is 911 , a study found . The survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet , the UK 's largest internet community for parents . It found that 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999 , with 53 per cent claiming they had never even considered teaching them . But nearly half - 46 per cent - insisted that their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency . And concerningly , 65 per cent of parents said their children did not know the difference between 999 and America 's 911 . Locked smartphones stuck on the ` enter passcode ' screen were also a source of worry for many parents . 78 per cent of respondents know that you can dial 999 from a locked phone , but only 23 per cent are confident their children know this . The survey raises fears that many youngsters are not being taught vital lessons about what to do in an emergency . Of those parents who said they had not taught them how to dial 999 , more than 60 per cent admitted they were not confident their child would know what to do if someone collapsed , would n't wake up or if there was a fire . The survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet , the UK 's largest internet community for parents . But campaigners say that even toddlers under the age of five should be taught how to call 999 . The Mumsnet website www.999forkids.com is now urging parents to build on their children 's interests in the emergency services and characters like Fireman Sam to educate them about making an emergency call . And it says that parents should explain to their children what kinds of medical situations would definitely require a 999 call , such as chest pain , breathing problems , choking or drowning . Joe Mulligan , head of first aid learning at the Red Cross , said : ` Children as young as five can learn some basic first aid , but we know that even younger children can be introduced to the idea of dialling 999 . ` By using play-acting with your child you can help them feel confident to act in a real emergency scenario , which could potentially save a life . ' Mumsnet have now launched a hard-hitting campaign to alert parents to the dangers of keeping their children ignorant of 999 . The website features a poignant video real-life 999 call made by a five-year-old girl after her mother Loretta Addison from Warrington , Cheshire , had an epileptic fit . Elleemae 's bravery saver her mother 's life , and those behind the campaign hope the video will service as a hard-hitting example to other parents who have yet to tell their children about 999 . Nils Leonard , chairman and CCO of Grey London - the company which made the film - said : ` In advertising , we spend our lives making up fiction to get people to care . ` But there 's nothing more powerful than the truth . When it 's delivered by a child and the UK 's largest network of parents , rather than government , people will take notice . We will save lives . ' Justine Roberts , the CEO of Mumsnet , said : ` Nobody wants to think about the circumstances in which their child might need to call 999 , but as Elleemae 's story shows , it can literally be a lifesaver . ` We hope this powerful film will encourage parents to take a deep breath and have a chat with their children . '