A private funeral service attended by ex-players Shane Warne and Ian Chappell was held on Wednesday for former Australia cricket captain and commentator Richie Benaud . Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benaut 's wife , Daphne , which she declined . Mr Abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people in Australia and around the world . Richie Benaud 's small private funeral was attended by close family and friends in Sydney on Wednesday . Benaud 's memorial booklet , titled ` Remembering Richie ' , included a few words thanking the guests . Daphne Benaud -LRB- centre -RRB- , with family and friends , listens to speeches about her late husband Richie . Former Australia captain and now cricket commentator Ian Chappell makes a speech during Benaud 's wake . January 1952 : Test debut against West Indies at Sydney Cricket Ground . January 1952 : First of 248 Test wickets and 2,201 Test runs . December 1958 : First Test as Australia captain , v England at Brisbane . Summer 1960 : First radio commentary for BBC . December 1963 : In his 60th Test , the first to 2,000 Test runs & 200 wickets . Summer 1963 : First television commentary for BBC . February 1964 : Final Test against South Africa at Sydney Cricket Ground . September 2005 : Final commentary in England after 42 years . But after he received a phone call from Mrs Benaud , he remarked ` my understanding is that Richie 's own wishes was for something very , very quiet and very , very private ' . Instead , Benaut 's family opted for a smaller service at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park attended only by family and close friends . Benaud 's former teammate , Brian Booth , led the service . In the memorial booklet , his family described Benaud as ` a special person who means so much to each of us in many different ways . ' Benaud , considered one of the most influential cricket identities of the past century , played 63 tests for Australia but was more well-known for his career in the commentating booth . Following the funeral service , a memorial was held at the Australian Golf Club attended by Richie 's former cricket commentating colleagues , Channel Nine network executives and Test cricketers past and present . Benaud was loved by many cricket fans around the world for his distinctive voice and commentary style . Benaud , pictured on his wedding day to wife Daphne , and during his time as Australia captain . Tributes for Benaud were placed at a statue outside the Sydney Cricket Ground in Australia . Tributes were laid for the former broadcaster in Sydney as the cricket world mourned his loss . Members of the England and West Indies cricket team observe a minute 's silence for Benaud on Monday .