A Wisconsin church 's four-decade tradition of people mud-wrestling pigs at a summer fundraiser has been cancelled after complaints the animals were ` punched in the face , body slammed and jumped on ' . St Patrick 's Parish in Stephensville , Wisconsin said in a statement that the Original Pig Rassle will be replaced this August with a human mud foosball tournament . Global Conservation Group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs . It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event . Deacon Ken Bilgrien of St Patrick 's Parish told Christian Today on Wednesday that the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual Roundup , but declined to discuss the controversy surrounding the event . Scroll down for video . St Patrick 's Parish in Stephensville , Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition -LRB- above scenes from the event -RRB- . Global Conservation Group , an animal advocacy group that launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs , garnered more than 80,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event . On August 10 , 2014 , the church held a ` pig wrestling ' event where the animals were ` punched in the face , kicked , body-slammed , yelled at and thrown onto a barrel ' , according to the Global Conversation Group . ` Wrestling , as a sport , is contested by two human opponents , evenly matched , each of whom enters into the match voluntarily with mutually agreed-upon rules and a common goal , ' the group wrote on its website . ` Not so in `` matches '' like pig wrestling , where frightened animals are unwilling participants exploited by teams of humans for entertainment . ' The group also accused the church of being in violation of Wisconsin Chapter 951 , Crimes Against Animals , which outlaws cockfighting , dog fighting and any other similar fighting between animals or animals and humans , according to its Change.org page . The church announced in a statement that moving forward the parish 's talents could be ` spent in areas that are less controversial ' . ` After much prayer and many hours of discussion , we realize that what we had for 44 years in the Original Pig Rassle was memorable , legal and great family fun , ' the statement on its website read . The group said during the August 2014 ` pig rassle ' , the pigs were ` punched in the face , kicked , body-slammed , yelled at and thrown onto a barrel ' The Wisconsin parish -LRB- above -RRB- said during its 45th annual Roundup fundraiser this August , the Original Pig Rassle will be replaced with a human mud foosball tournament . Global Conservation Group said they consider the church 's decision a victory for their 260-day campaign and consider this a huge step for animal welfare . ` We also realize that our parish and diocesan talents could be better spent in areas that are less controversial . ` It is with great regret that we have discontinued the Original Pig Rassle , we are however , very excited to begin this new tradition at St. Patrick Parish . ' Following the news , Global Conservation Group , which protested the church 's ` pig rassle ' last August , wrote on its Change.org page on April 21 : ` This is huge ! After 260 days of non-stop campaigning , the church announced today that no further animal abuse events will be held . ' ` We 're very happy . We consider this a victory for our campaign , ' Jordan Turner , Global Conservation Group President told WBAY . ` We 're very proud of the church for doing what 's right for all involved . And we certainly consider this a huge step for animal welfare . ' Biglrien said the church is moving on as they look forward to the new event that will be apart of its annual Roundup this summer . ` You know , we 've had problems in the past and this is something new and exciting that we want to do , ' he told WBAY .