Andrea Yates ' ex-husband has condemned the criminal process the killer was put through 14 years after she drowned their five children in the bathtub of their suburban Texas home . Russell ` Rusty ' Yates , who has since remarried and has a son , slammed his ex-wife 's murder trial , claiming it was the ` cruelest thing he had ever witnessed ' . He insisted her actions were ` completely a result of her illness ' and maintains she was a good mother who loved her children . The mother from Clear Lake , Texas , systematically drowned Noah , 7 ; John , 5 ; Paul , 3 ; Luke 2 ; and Mary , 6 months , in their home in June 2001 . Andrea Yates ' ex-husband Rusty -LRB- left -RRB- , who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son , slammed her murder trial -LRB- pictured right in 2002 -RRB- as the ` cruelest thing I have ever witnessed ' The Yates ' boys , from left : Paul , three , John , five , Noah , seven , and Luke , two , dressed up for Halloween the year before they were drowned in the bathtub by their mother . Six-months-old Mary Yates , killed by her mother along with her four older brothers . Andrea Yates was said to be suffering from postpartum depression when she drowned her children in 2001 . She then called 911 and told the first officer to arrive at the scene that she had just killed her children . Earlier that day she fed the children breakfast and said goodbye to her husband as he left for work . She was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison , after prosecutors tried and failed to get the death penalty . But an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility . Yates had been diagnosed with postpartum psychosis - the most severe and rarest form of postpartum depression . Little was known about it at the time and most afflicted mothers were left to suffer in silence . Her condition was a cause of huge pain for Mr Lake , who has revealed he still cares for his wife and visits her - even though they divorced in 2005 . Speaking on Oprah 's Where Are They Now , Mr Yates said : ` This -LSB- was a -RSB- mentally ill woman -- who otherwise loves her children , was a great mother , was a great person -- and they 're going to sit her in trial ? Try to kill her ? The first trial , where prosecutors sought the death penalty , was hard on Mr Yates . The Yates family portrait -LRB- before baby Mary was born -RRB- , left , and husband Russell ` Rusty ' Yates outside his home the day after his children were murdered . Almost 14 years after the deaths , he maintains his ex-wife was a good mother who loved her children . Mr Yates married Laura Arnold , a woman he met at a church in Clear Lake , during a private ceremony in 2006 , two days before his ex-wife 's murder re-trial . He added : `` They spent a week showing pictures of our children 's dead bodies in front of a jury , in front of her . ` I mean , from my perspective , that 's the cruelest thing ... She 's somebody that needs love , compassion , support . ` They just take her and put her on public display , with the bodies of my children . It 's so wrong . ' The former nurse and stay-at-home mom had a history of psychiatric hospitalizations and suicide attempts before the horrific incident , when she drowned her children , one by one , in the family bathtub . According to investigators , Yates had to chase the last child , her eldest , Noah , seven , through the family home and drag him into the bathroom . The former high school valedictorian 's devastated husband , Rusty , remained married to his wife for four years after their children 's deaths and he continues to visit her although they divorced in 2005 . He has now remarried and has a five-year-old son . Of his former wife , he said in 2012 : ` She is doing well , all things considered . She 's been medically stable for five years . ' Andrea Yates was first convicted of murder but this was overturned on appeal in 2006 . She was found not guilty by reason of insanity and has since been in a psychiatric hospital . During her first trial in 2002 , Yates lawyers claimed she believed that the devil was inside her and that by killing her children she would save them from hell . Her attorney George Parnham and his wife , Mary , have campaigned for more awareness of women 's mental health issues . Nine years ago , he helped setup the Yates Children Memorial Fund to educate families about postpartum psychosis and similar conditions . One out of 1,000 women are said to experience postpartum psychosis and may hear voices , see things and have thoughts of harming themselves or their baby . Last year , doctors recommended that she be granted permission to attend group outings from the psychiatric hospital where she has been institutionalized since 2006 . She is the only patient at Kerrville State Hospital who has never received a group-outing pass , said Parnham . A decision is set to be made on it this year . Mr Yates married Laura Arnold , a woman he met at a church in Clear Lake , during a private ceremony in 2006 , two days before his ex-wife 's murder re-trial . The pair began dating shortly after his divorce was final . In 2008 his new wife gave birth to a son . Police crime scene tape surrounds the southeast Houston home where five children were killed by their mother on June 20 , 2001 , while her husband was at work . -LRB- From left -RRB- Luke , Paul , John and Noah in a family photo taken on November 2000 right before their mom gave birth to her baby sister .