Kicked out : Elizabeth Sedway , 51 , says Alaska Airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor 's note clearing her to fly . A married mother of two battling cancer whose removal from an Alaska Airlines flight caused outrage online said on Wednesday that the carrier refunded her family 's airfare , which will be donated to research . Elizabeth Sedway , 51 , from Granite Hill , California , posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . Mrs Sedway , who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video , which has been viewed thousands of times . In the message , the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything . Mrs Sedway initially said she was fine , but when the airline employee approached her a second time , she indicated that she might require a little extra time to board the plane because she sometimes felt ` weak . ' Homeward bound : The married mother of three , her husband -LRB- right -RRB- and their two sons were returning home to California Monday after vacationing in Hawaii when they were kicked off the flight . Caught on camera : Sedway posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . In Sedway 's video , her husband is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats . Brought to tears : As the family of four walk towards the exit , Elizabeth Sedway breaks down and tearfully apologizes for holding everyone up . The Sedway family eventually boarded the plane and were awaiting takeoff in their seats when an airline representative came on board and announced that the cancer-stricken passenger could not fly without a note from her doctor . In Sedway 's video , her husband dressed in a brightly colored Hawaiian shirt is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats while his wife narrates their removal from the flight . ` All these people are waiting , and I am being removed as if I 'm a criminal or contagious because I have cancer , ' she says . ` My family is being forcibly removed from an airplane because I have cancer and no note to fly . ' As the family of four walk towards the exit , Elizabeth Sedway breaks down and tearfully apologizes for holding everyone up . One of the passengers tells the woman , ` God bless you . ' In an interview with NBC Bay Area , Elizabeth Sedway said the airline was concerned she might collapse during the eight-hour flight to San Jose , California . After being asked to leave the plane , Mrs Sedway emailed her oncologist in California and he gave her the green light to fly , but she told the local NBC affiliate in a phone interview that the airline was not satisfied and refused to let her re-board . The Sedways spent Monday night in a hotel in Maui , for which they were forced to pay out of pocket , and they were scheduled to return home on a Hawaiian Airlines flight Tuesday evening . Elizabeth Sedway lamented on her Facebook page that because of the delay caused by Alaska Airlines , she will miss two chemotherapy sessions , her husband will miss important meetings and her sons will miss school . Named and shamed : Sedway shared this photo of Alaska Airline staff at Lihue Airport on her Facebook page , identifying them as the employees whom she had to deal with during the incident . Damage control : Alaska Airlines later apologized to the family for mishandling the situation . Earlier Tuesday , a spokesperson for Alaska Airlines told CBS San Francisco that the company apologized to Elizabeth Sedway for the inconvenience and for the way its employees handled the situation . ` Her family 's tickets have been refunded and we will cover the cost of her family 's overnight accommodations in Lihue , ' Alaska spokeswoman Halley Knigge stated . ` While our employee had the customer 's well-being in mind , the situation could have been handled differently . ' Alaska Airlines apologized for the incident but said the employee had Sedway 's health in mind . ` We regret the inconvenience Ms. Sedway experienced Monday , ' Knigge said in an emailed statement on Wednesday . Sedway posted on her Facebook page on Wednesday that the ` silver lining ' of her family 's experience would be that the value of their airline tickets would go to study the blood cancer multiple myeloma , for which she is being treated . She wrote ` Our family talked during the flight home from Hawaii , and decided how we wanted this situation to conclude . As with most unpleasant times , there are silver linings , if we 're determined to find them . Here , we plan to donate the airfare , to be refunded by Alaska Airlines , to the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation -- MMRF . In the future , we hope this airline will look at events of this kind with increased wisdom and sensitivity . '