President Barack Obama staunchly defended a framework nuclear agreement with Iran as a ` once-in-a-lifetime opportunity ' to prevent a bomb and bring longer-term stability to the Middle East . He insisted the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack , but acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain with the close ally . ` It 's been a hard period , ' Obama said in a weekend interview with New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman . He added that it is ` personally difficult ' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for Israel 's interests . Scroll down for video . On the back foot : Barack Obama phrased his actions in negotiations with Iran as an attempt to ` take the nuclear issue off the table ' . Iran has agreed to restrict its nuclear program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions . Now in his seventh year in office , Obama cast the Iran talks as part of a broader foreign policy doctrine that sees American power as a safeguard that gives him the ability to take calculated risks . ` We are powerful enough to be able to test these propositions without putting ourselves at risk , ' he said , citing his overtures to Cuba and Myanmar as other examples of his approach . The president 's comments come days after the U.S. and other world powers reached a tentative agreement to curb Iran 's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief . The framework cleared the way for negotiators to hammer out technical details ahead of a June 30 deadline for a final deal . Negotiations : Secretary of State John Kerry , right with Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz , was involved in the nuclear talks in Lausanne , Switzerland . Obama argued that successful negotiations presented the most effective way to keep Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon , but insisted he would keep all options on the table if Tehran were to violate the terms . ` I 've been very clear that Iran will not get a nuclear weapon on my watch , and I think they should understand that we mean it , ' Obama said in the interview published Sunday . ` But I say that hoping that we can conclude this diplomatic arrangement -- and that it ushers a new era in U.S.-Iranian relations -- and , just as importantly , over time , a new era in Iranian relations with its neighbors . ' The president said there are many details that still need to be worked out with the Iranians and cautioned that there would be ` real political difficulties ' in implementing an agreement in both countries . He reiterated his opposition to a legislation that would give the U.S. Congress final say in approving or rejecting a deal , but said he hoped to find a path to allow Congress to ` express itself . ' Victory ? Obama looked forward to ` a new era ' of relations with Iran . Pictured above is the nation 's president , Hassan Rouhani . The White House plans an aggressive campaign to sell the deal to Congress , as well as to skeptical Arab allies who worry about Iran 's destabilizing activity in the region . The president has invited leaders of six Gulf nations to Washington this spring and said he wanted to ` formalize ' U.S. assistance . On the substance of the Iran framework agreement , Obama outlined more specifics of how the U.S. would seek to verify that Tehran was n't cheating . He said there would be an ` international mechanism ' that would assess whether there needed to be an inspection at a suspicious site and could overrule Iranian objections . The nuclear talks have marked a remarkable shift in the frozen relationship between the U.S. and Iran . It has become normal for officials from both countries to communicate and hold face-to-face meetings . Obama is yet to meet with Iranian President Hasan Rouhani , though they did speak on the phone . He has also exchanged letters with Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Obama said the letters include ` a lot of reminders of what he perceives as past grievances against Iran . ' But he said the concessions Khamenei allowed his negotiators to make in the nuclear talks suggests that ` he does realize that the sanctions regime that we put together was weakening Iran over the long term , and that if in fact he wanted to see Iran re-enter the community of nations , then there were going to have to be changes . '