Rafael Benitez has received fresh criticism of his waistline ahead of Napoli 's crucial Serie A fixture with Sampdoria this weekend , as the quest for a UEFA Champions League place reaches a crescendo in Italy . The Spaniard has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria after it emerged that Sinisa Mihajlovic - the current Blucerchiati boss - is being lined up to replace Benitez at Napoli . But Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces , appearing to quash rumours that a job swap is imminent . Napoli manager Rafael Benitez jokes with Switzerland Gokhan Inler -LRB- right -RRB- during a training session . Benitez challenges Argentinian forward Gonzalo Higuain during a training session earlier today . ` I could take Benitez , but I 'd have to take him to see a dietician first , ' Ferrero told Radio Crc . ` Anyway , if Mihajlovic does leave , I 've already got a replacement . You all say he 's leaving , even if I do n't know anything about it . ` As far as I am concerned , he 's staying . If he were to leave , I 'd know who to replace him with . Paulo Sousa 's not going to be Sampdoria 's next coach , it will be -LSB- Italian comedy actor -RSB- Lino Banfi . ' Sampdoria travel to face Napoli on Sunday trailing Benitez 's side by three points , but Ferrero said he would rather keep hold of the Serbian Mihajlovic , who has guided the Genoa-based club from relegation candidates to European contenders in 18 months . ` Napoli would not be taking a step backwards if they were to get Mihajlovic , ' Ferrero said . ` I 'm talking from my experience and I can say that Sinisa 's a man of great sensitivity , a great professional and a great worker . ` He arrives two hours before training and he leaves two hours after . Above everything , he 's got incredible ability and if he does leave , then I 'm sure whoever gets him will be hitting the jackpot . But they 're going to have to wait another year because he 's still got a year on his contract with us . ' Benitez instructs his players during training ahead of tomorrow 's Europa League clash with VFL Wolfsburg .