Radar images from Europe 's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail . The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram , which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth 's land mass . By comparing before and after images , scientists have discovered Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster . The tallest point in the world , however , still stands at 29,029 feet , according to The Weather Channel . Additionally , an area 75 miles -LRB- 120 km -RRB- by 30 miles -LRB- 50 km -RRB- has lifted up 3.2 ft -LRB- 1 metre -RRB- from the ground around the capital , Kathmandu . Interferogram over Kathmandu , Nepal , generated from two Sentinel-1A scans on 17 and 29 April 2015 -- before and after the 25 April earthquake . Each ` fringe ' of colour represents about 3 cm of deformation . The large amount of fringes indicates a large deformation pattern of 3.2 ft -LRB- 1 metre -RRB- from the ground around Kathmandu . Scene : A rescue chopper prepares to land , evacuating climbers from higher camps to Everest Base Camp , Nepal . New radar images have shown that Mount Everest shrank one inch following the Nepal earthquake this week . These are the first radar images to reveal the destruction caused by the 7-magnitude earthquake that killed 5,000 people and affected millions more . ` There 's a peak of slip just to the northeast of Kathmandu , ' Professor Tim Wright from the Natural Environment Research Council told the BBC . He explained that what scientists count are the coloured ` fringes ' in the interferogram , of which there are about 34 from this quake . This translates to more than 3.2 ft -LRB- 1 metre -RRB- of uplift . To the north of Kathmandu , the interferogram suggests that the ground receded , and it also shows how a fault ruptured east from the epicentre , but did not break the surface . Combining two Sentinel-1A radar scans from 17 and 29 April 2015 , this interferogram shows changes on the ground that occurred during the 25 April earthquake that struck Nepal . An overall area of 120x100 km has moved -- half of that uplifted and the other half , north of Kathmandu subsided . Vertical accuracy is a few centimetres . Sentinel-1A interferogram over Kathmandu , Nepal , showing deformation induced by the 25 April 2015 earthquake . East -- west ` fringes ' cross the city , with each coloured fringe corresponding to 2.8 cm of ground displacement -LRB- both uplift and subsidence -RRB- . The interferogram combines two Sentinel-1A images from 17 and 29 April 2015 . Launch : 3 April 2014 French Guiana . Life : Minimum of seven years . Mass : 2300 kg -LRB- 5070 lbs -RRB- . Dimensions : 9.2 ft -LRB- 2.8 m -RRB- long , 8.2 ft -LRB- 2.5 m -RRB- wide , 13ft -LRB- 4m -RRB- high . Mission : Monitoring sea ice , oil spills , winds and waves , land-use change and to respond to emergencies such as floods and earthquakes . How it works : Radar works by sending out radio waves and timing how long it takes for them to reflect back . The satellite uses a technique called ` Synthetic aperture radar interferometry ' . Two or more satellite radar images of the same area are combined to detect large-scale changes . Small changes on the ground modify the reflected radar signal and lead to rainbow-coloured fringes in the ` interferogram ' . Professor Wright says this suggests not all the strain in the rocks before the earthquake was released in during the catastrophic event . Sentinel-1A 's swath width of 155 miles -LRB- 250 km -RRB- over land surfaces has allowed for an unprecedented area size to be analysed from a single scan . Scientists say the entire area will be covered under the same geometry every 12 days , allowing for the wider region to be regularly monitored for changes in the land . Its ability to ` see ' through cloud and rain and in pitch darkness make it particularly useful for monitoring earthquakes and for offering images for emergency response . This is because it uses radar which works by sending out radio waves and timing how long it takes for them to reflect back . Radio waves travel through air virtually unimpeded , but materials like metal , rock and water act almost as mirrors which can help reveal those areas inundated by floods . It also makes no different to radar if the Earth is in darkness . Sentinel-1A is the first satellite for the Copernicus environment-monitoring programme led by the European Commission . The Copernicus EMS was activated on the day the earthquake struck , prompting Esa to begin collecting satellite imagery , which is being made available to support relief efforts . In parallel , the International Charter Space and Major Disasters was activated by India , China and the UN . Meanwhile , Nasa has posted its own images of the earthquake providing much less detail due to cloud cover . ` While we regularly post imagery of natural hazards , the weather and the satellites have n't cooperated in this case , ' the space agency wrote in a blog . ` The orbital track of the satellites and the specific capabilities of the sensors on board determine whether we have imagery to share . In the case of Nepal , things have n't lined up in our favour . ' The satellite imagery is used to create maps to support relief efforts , such as this ` grading map ' of Kathmandu showing topographic features and crisis information . The red squares show road blockss , the green people markers show crowds , red dots are areas that are destroyed and yellow dots are areas that are possibly affected . The yellow lines mark out primary roads in the area . Sentinel-1 carries a radar that works in several specialised modes to provide detailed imagery -LRB- artist 's impression left -RRB- . The data will be used for applications such as monitoring the oceans , including shipping lanes , sea ice and oil spills . It also provides data to map changing land cover and deformations such as those produced by Saturday 's devastating Earthquake in Nepal -LRB- right -RRB- . Mount Everest before and after the earthquake . Not much change is visible because of a fresh coat of snow and cloud cover . The April 23 image was acquired by the Operational Land Imager on Landsat 8 . Nasa has posted its own images of the earthquake providing much less detail due to cloud cover . ` While we regularly post imagery of natural hazards , the weather and the satellites have n't cooperated in this case , ' the space agency wrote in a blog .