Spring is the ideal time to fill your home with gorgeous flowers . However , your beautiful bouquet might look stunning to begin with , but it will soon fade in just a few days , a week at the most . But that does n't have to be the case , as there are simple tricks you can use to prolong the life of your blooms . Scroll down for video . With simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist , you can make your flowers last . While there are plenty of DIY ` solutions ' - vodka , aspirin and pennies - to keep a bouquet fresh , most of these things can actually damage the delicate flowers . Using some simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist , you can make your blooms last a lot longer . You do n't need to be a professional florist to pull these off , just read our guide and try it out . From spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals , we 've gathered a handy list of seven unlikely tips from Serenata Flowers . Tip number 1 : Keep your flowers well-groomed . Trim a half-inch of the lower stem so that water can be absorbed freely . Use a sharp , unserrated knife and cut on a slant - exposing more surface area . Trim just half an inch off the stems of your flowers with a sharp knife . Warming then cooling the flowers ` hardens ' them for longer-lasting freshness . 2 . Harden the flowers , which speeds up the water update through the stems . After cutting the stems , place the flowers in 43.5 C water . Leave to sit in a cool location for up to two hours . 3 . Preserve your flowers with hairspray . Remove them from the vase and lightly spray the petal undersides while holding the can several inches away . Hang the flowers upside down to dry before returning to the vase . 4 . Do n't mix fruit and flowers as some fruits - particularly kiwis , apples and bananas - produce ethylene , which rots nearby plants and fruits . Delicate petals can be kept in place with a light spritz of hairspray . 5 . Keep your flowers well-fed - and 7Up or Sprite could do the job . Mix together one cup of water , one cup of 7Up and half a teaspoon of household bleach . If more liquid is required , increase the amounts proportionally . 6 . Clean your vases . Vases in regular use often contain microorganisms that will kill of your flowers . First , fill the vase with hot water and mix in a tablespoon of baking soda and white vinegar . Scrub the insides with a cloth , empty the mixture and dry before housing new flowers . 7 . Keep flowers away from appliances . TV and computers give off heat , which can lead to flowers becoming dehydrated . Place flowers in a cool spot where they 'll receive plenty of light . Make sure they have plenty of water and mist the petals daily . If you want to ripen an avocado , put it next to your bananas , they say . Do the opposite for fresh flowers . The most popular spring flowers are daffodils - the messengers of spring - and tulips . Tulips are very affordable but they normally do n't last very long if kept in a vase . Other popular spring flowers include sweet peas and peonies . Peonies are very popular wedding flowers as they symbolise good fortune and happy marriage . Anemones are also in season in spring , another popular flower in wedding bouquets . Hyacinths are beautiful flowers that add a hint of colour and wonderful smell to any room . Other flowers perfect for a spring arrangement are narcissus , hyacinths , ranunculus , lilacs , delphiniums and boronia . Daffodils , tulips , sweet peas and peonies are all in season for spring . Feeling ripped off by flower feed ? Make your own with 7 Up and bleach . A used vase can contain organisms that will kiss your flowers faster - so give it a good scrub first . Once you 've picked your favourite blooms , it 's all about composition : . ` First , start with the correct vase for your flowers . ` For stiff-stemmed flowers like roses , cube shaped or round vase will make them look great and enable easy arranging . For soft stemmed flowers like tulips , use a tall vase that will support them properly and their natural arch will help with arranging . If you have mixed flowers , you can use different vases , depending on the size of the flowers , their quantity and style of flower arrangement you want . ` Pay attention to the colour of your flowers . Shades of the same colour -LRB- for example shades of pink -RRB- or contrasting colours , like red and white , will look great . ` Remove the leaves from the stems and leave only few on the top , especially for roses . This will add additional support , help to fill in the arrangement and adds a bit of colour too . ` Start by arranging the flowers in hand . Place the larger flowers near the base of the arrangement . Start adding your flowers around the base , then tie them together . Place them in a vase and add some small flowers around the edges , to fill the gaps if needed . ' Who knew you had to keep flowers away from the TV ? The heat is dehydrating ! So keep them misted .