From solar-powered models of the Queen to a £ 1,200 Wedgwood bust of Prince Charles , there 's no item of royal memorabilia too big or too small for royalist Margaret Tyler . The pensioner , 71 , has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years and now boasts a collection worth £ 10,000 . But squeezing it all into her small terraced home has n't been easy and her gargantuan collection now fills four whole rooms , including one dedicated to Princess Diana alone . Scroll down for video . Passionate : Margaret Tyler , 71 , has amassed a vast collection of royal memorabilia . Despite having a home that quite literally bursts with items , Mrs Tyler , a mother-of-four , says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as ` a labour of love ' . ` There 's loads of royal magazines that I read , so I get up at about 4.30 am to keep up with it all , ' she reveals . ` I 'm retired but I do n't think I 've actually ever worked so hard in my life . It takes a lot of work -LSB- to maintain -RSB- but it 's a labour of love . ' As well as collecting royal memorabilia , Mrs Tyler , a retired charity worker , is also obsessed with meeting the real thing and says she spent six days outside the Lindo Wing at St. Mary 's Hospital in London when Prince George was born . ` I was there for six days , ' she beams . ' -LSB- My son -RSB- Andrew was born at St. Mary 's and I was only there for two days . ` I just wanted to feel close to them -LSB- William and Kate -RSB- , I suppose . I spent the time meeting people , and chatting.I was convinced it was going to be a girl , but it was n't . ' Extensive : Her collection includes china , a solar powered Queen and thousands of photos . Got it ! A copy of the Duchess of Cambridge 's £ 450 Issa engagement dress is in the collection . Although Mrs Tyler , who considers the Royal Family and extension of her own , did n't shake hands with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on that occasion , she has met a number of senior royals , among them the Queen . ` I 've met a lot of them , ' she reveals . ` I 've met the Queen , I 've met Prince Andrew and Prince Charles so I 've been very lucky . ' But despite considering herself lucky to have met so many royals , it is collecting that is her real passion and she has amassed around 10,000 items over 40 years . These are stored in four rooms , each with a different royal theme . Her drawing room is devoted to the Queen , while another , known as the Sandringham Room , has been turned into a £ 75-a-night b & b for royal enthusiasts . Her front room contains items created for every royal event in the past century , among them the 1953 Coronation and the 2012 Diamond Jubilee , while another space , dubbed ` the Memorial Room ' is devoted exclusively to Princess Diana . Meeting : Mrs Tyler has met several members of the Royal Family including the Queen and Prince Charles . Favourite : Princess DIana remains one of Mrs Tyler 's favourite royals and has an entire room to her name . Homage : Mrs Tyler in her Princess Diana room . Her favourite painting is seen on the back wall -LRB- centre -RRB- . Inside are some of her most prized possessions , among them a Diana handbag , a set of Diana-themed matrioshka dolls and a stained glass window that Mrs Tyler commissioned in 1998 - a year after the princess ' death . The room also boasts a fresco of the late princess painted on the ceiling and a large oil painting of Diana with her sons William and Harry . ` I think that says it all about Diana , ' she says of the painting . ` She was a mother first and foremost . ' Nevertheless , items devoted to Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall also occupy a considerable amount of the floor-space , as do the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . And while much of the collection might be made up of novelty items picked up at London markets , other items , such as a £ 450 Issa dress identical to the one worn by the Duchess of Cambridge for her engagement announcement , did n't come cheap . Despite the outlay and her rapidly diminishing space , Mrs Tyler says she will go on collecting royal memorabilia ` forever ' . ` Enough is never enough , ' she beams . ` It 's an ongoing story is n't it ? When William and Catherine 's baby is born , it will be the Queen 's fifth great-grandchild . ` It does n't stop dead . You ca n't pretend that life is n't going on for them . Anyway , I just love it ! Not even the dusting gets me down . '