Marion ` Suge ' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday after he fell at a previous hearing while addressing murder charges levied against him . During his appearance in the Los Angeles courtroom , the Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk . Knight , a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot , fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing . Scroll down for videos . Marion ` Suge ' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday . Death Row Records co-founder fell at a previous hearing while addressing murder charges levied against him . Knight , a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot , told the judge walking was not a problem despite the earlier fall . His lawyer , Matt Fletcher , said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a ` ploy ' to ` humiliate ' his client , according to TMZ . Knight told the judge : ` I 'm being chained to some type of chair and their pushing me . ` It 's making the situation even worse -LSB- er -RSB- . ` I walked perfectly fine from the county jail , to the bus , to the bus to here ' . The judge told Knight if he could walk , that was fine and the chair will not be used again . Judge Coen is giving the former rap music mogul time to hire an attorney in a robbery case filed against him last year . A celebrity photographer accused Knight and comedian Katt Williams of taking her camera . The judge pressed Knight about whether he wanted a new attorney in the robbery case . His previous attorney , David Kenner , said in a filing he no longer wanted to represent Knight . Knight said he wanted to fire Kenner and has until May 27 to hire a new attorney . In this March 2015 file photo , Knight collapsed in court during a bail hearing about his hit-and-run case . Knight 's lawyer Matt Fletcher said the chains and the wheelchair were part of a ` ploy ' to ` humiliate ' his client . The deadly hit-and-run murder Knight is accused of is a separate case , . Cle ` Bone ' Sloan was hurt and Terry Carter died in the alleged hit-and-run in January . Knight has pleaded innocent and his lawyers have denied he intentionally tried to kill Carter and Sloan . Fletcher also says Knight is blind in his left eye and may not have seen clearly during the incident . Knight has previous convictions for assault with a deadly weapon and could face 25 years to life in prison under California 's so-called three-strikes law if he is convicted at trial . His bail was set at $ 25million at the previous hearing .