Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season , none more vital than a dramatic extra-time winner in the FA Cup final . But his last one -- the only goal of the game at Burnley -- meant the world , because it was for someone special . ` I 've had a tough few weeks , ' said Ramsey , who pointed skywards after scoring at Turf Moor . ` I 've been on an emotional rollercoaster of late . My gran passed away a few weeks ago and she meant an awful lot to me . We had a great relationship and I 've dedicated my last couple of goals to her . Aaron Ramsey celebrates his goal against Burnley by dedicating it to his late Gran who passed away . ` Her name is Eileen . She 's on my Mum 's side and we used to call her Nanny Leany . She was 84 . She was an incredible woman . ` She lost her husband early in her life and raised seven kids on her own and in those days it was an incredibly difficult thing to do . She was always happy , making jokes and I had that sort of outlook on life . She always believed in me and gave me reassurances . It has been a difficult time . ' His grandmother would have been proud of young Aaron as he took time out from preparations for today 's FA Cup semi-final against Reading to pay his tribute to her . Just as she must have been proud of his career in football and the way he rebuilt it after a badly broken leg . ` She used to watch me play and would take me to games when I was eight or nine , ' Ramsey added . ` She would always be asking how I was doing . She did n't go to my games but I got her Sky to watch a few . She would always complain it was not on normal TV . ' Ramsey will be on ` normal TV ' when the BBC screen today 's semi-final from Wembley , as he was last May when his 16th goal of a prolific season won the FA Cup and ended Arsenal 's nine-year wait for a trophy . ` It was a great day and a great moment in my career , ' he said . ` It was a relief as well . ' Ramsey points to the sky has the goalscorer is greeted by Arsenal right back Hector Bellerin at Turf Moor . Ramsey and Bellerin celebrate on the deck after the Welsh midfielder had fired home for the Gunners . Arsenal had fought back from two down against Hull and 108 minutes had elapsed when Ramsey fired his side into a 3-2 lead before going off on a celebratory sprint which he ended flat on his back , exhausted , beneath a pile of jubilant team-mates . ` I was knackered , ' smiled Ramsey . ` We were in extra-time and my celebration , I did n't really know what to do . I was just running about and it all caught up on me then so I needed a couple of seconds just to get my breath back and realise just what I 'd just actually done . It was definitely overwhelming . And it was a great way to finish the season for me personally and for the team finally to win something . It was an amazing feeling . Ramsey wheels away in celebration after scoring in extra time at Wembley against Hull City . Ramsey is joined by Spanish midfielder Mikel Arteta during the FA Cup Final at Wembley in 2014 . The Welsh goalscorer is mobbed by his friends as they celebrate his goal at Wembley in 2014 . ` I 'm no different to anyone else . My dream was always scoring a goal in the FA Cup final and I had managed to live my dream . Then to see how much it meant to people when a quarter of a million came out on the streets the next day . It was a beautiful day and you could see everyone was in it together . ' Ramsey had played in the 2008 FA Cup final for Cardiff aged 17 , but his winners ' medal now takes pride of place in a display cabinet in the study at his home . ` I 've a few shirts in there , my debut shirt at Cardiff , the FA Cup winners ' shirt , some boots to mark my achievements , ' said Ramsey . ` And there 's a big desk in there which I never use . The Welshman looks chuffed as he sets his eyes on the gleaming silverware he helped earn his side . Goalscorer Ramsey hugs his FA Cup following his goal against Hull City at Wembley in 2014 . More than a quarter of a million fans took to the streets to celebrates Arsenal 's 2014 FA Cup success . ` That feeling you get after winning is difficult to get . Everyone realised we wanted more . We are putting pressure on ourselves to get the best from each other and I feel we 've done that in the second half of this season . ` We 've really stuck by each other , worked hard for each other and we want another feeling like we had last season . We do push ourselves as a team and I think the title is getting closer . Last season we started really well and maybe faded away . We lost against the bigger teams , but this season we 've done better against them . This season , we did n't start too well but the second half has been really good and consistent . I feel we are very close . ' If Chelsea collapse against the odds in the title race , Arsenal are best placed to pounce after a run of 33 points from a dozen Barclays Premier League games since New Year 's Day . ` That 's still a possibility , ' said Ramsey . ` You ca n't rule it out . You ca n't . When you have that momentum , it is still possible . Even though it will be difficult we have to win our remaining games and see where that leaves us . ` It 's going to be difficult . Chelsea have a lot of points , so they will have to slip up a few times for us to catch them . So it will be difficult , but it 's still possible . ' His optimism reflects the mood in Arsenal 's camp , very different from this time last year when they went into an FA Cup semi-final stifled by the desperation to end the trophy-free years and Arsene Wenger 's uncertain future . They staggered past Wigan on penalties . Arsenal goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski makes a save against Wigan Athletic during FA Cup semi final match . Fabianski 's save helped Arsenal to progress to the FA Cup final which they won at Wembley in 2014 . Arsenal are stronger and more solid now , with more weaponry , flair and freedom than last year . But that does not mean they will swat Reading aside . ` We probably did feel the pressure , ' admitted Ramsey . ` But we got through and went on to win it and we have n't got that sort of pressure now . That pressure is gone because we won something and there is no more of this `` nine years '' . ` It 's a different sort of pressure , but one we 've been up against many times when we 've played lesser teams . It 's important not to take the game lightly . We just have to focus and if we manage ourselves correctly , we will go through . ' Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger will be hoping to add another piece of silverware to his collection .