Edwin ` Jock ' Mee allegedly targeted young army cadets - including a woman who was 19 when he locked her in a room and raped her . An army recruitment sergeant who is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her . Edwin ` Jock ' Mee , who worked at the military base in Croydon , south London , allegedly invited the young woman in for an appointment to discuss her application to join the Army and locked the doors of the room they were in . The woman , now 27 , told Southwark Crown Court that Mee raped her as he called her a ` sweet woman ' . She claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy . Mee is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an Army careers centre between October 2010 and September 2011 . The divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration . Many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands , the court was previously told . One of his alleged victims claimed she was told by Mee she would ` need to be nice to him ' when she met him for her first application appointment . The woman had arrived in England from her Sierra Leone homeland in 2007 when she was 19 . She told the jury she had been ` inspired ' to join the Army by her then-fiance , but said Mee littered their first meeting with comments about her ` boobs ' , her looks and saying that he ` liked her ' . Speaking from behind a curtain she told the jury : ` He told me a little bit about him and his ex-wife . He said that if I help him , he will help me through my application but if I f *** with him ... ' She then said ` excuse me ' to the jury before continuing his sentence adding that he said ` he will f *** with me ' . Earlier in the interview at the Scottish recruitment sergeant 's office in Croydon , south London , he had asked her about her background and then asked if she was a prostitute . When she replied no she claimed Mee make a comment about her breasts . She started attending the Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office -LRB- ACIO -RRB- in Croydon , once or twice a week on Mee 's orders after completing her British Army Recruitment Battery test , desperate to find out if she had secured a job . After she had asked about the progress of her application he invited her in for a 6 pm appointment to discuss it , and left her waiting almost two hours , jurors were told . The woman , now 27 , claims she asked Mee why he had brought her there and he told her she would have to wait , making her nervous . Scroll down for video . Giving evidence from behind a screen she said : ` He came and asked me to sit on his lap and I told him I ca n't . ' The sergeant then stormed off and while she was waiting , she could hear Mee locking the doors , she claimed . ` Then he said `` I want you to make love to me '' and I said `` Jock '' and he said `` there is no other way , the front door is locked , there is no camera in here and the door is closed2 so I have to choose , ' added the woman . ` I said `` I ca n't '' , he said `` you have to do that '' . ' Mee , pictured arriving at Southwark Crown Court earlier this week , has denied 17 counts of sexual assault . Mee boasted about going to prison and ` fighting ' and used ` threatening remarks and gestures ' , jurors heard . ` He said if you do n't want to do it then you ca n't leave , ' she said . The sergeant then held her hands behind her back , telling her : ` You have to use this door , I have the keys . ' The woman then wept as she told jurors Mee raped her . She told the court that she turned to her GP after suffering ` severe ' pain following the alleged brutal rape . ` During that period for two nights running I had severe tummy aches so I had to go to my GP , ' she said . ` The GP said I have to do a test , I had to take a pregnancy test before I could take things further , ' she said . The woman claims she spoke to Mee after she had a miscarriage but she never saw him again . Mee 's alleged victim suffered a life-threatening ectopic pregnancy and was operated on at St Helier Hospital in Surrey . ` Did you tell anybody about what had happened with Jock Mee and the baby and the story at that time ? ' asked Rosina Cottage QV , prosecuting . ` At the time I did n't tell anyone anything because I was really stressed , ' she replied . When investigators from the army knocked on her door , she was so frightened she pretended to be someone else , the court heard . The alleged offences were initially investigated by the Royal Military Police , before the case was then handed to the Metropolitan Police . The British Army recruiting sergeant worked at Mitcham Barracks in Croydon in Careers and Information . Southwark Crown Court also heard evidence from another alleged victim who claimed she gave up her hopes of being in the Army when she was 17 because the attentions of Mee , who allegedly asked her if she was a virgin , made her feel ` very uncomfortable . ' Speaking from behind a curtain , the woman , who is almost 22 , told London 's Southwark Crown Court : ` He just smacked my bottom on the way out . ' She told the jury that ` he did not say anything ' , adding : ` I was just very shocked and a bit overwhelmed . I did not know what to say . I was not expecting that to happen . I was speechless . I did not know what to say . ' She also claimed he pestered her with questions about her personal life , asking her about eight times to go out for a drink and whether her mother would let her stay at his house . He would also ` stare ' at her chest during the interviews , she told the court . The woman had applied to join the Army in March 2011 but had abandoned the plan by December that year , after being asked by Mee to go for a drink with him about eight times . She said : ` I just stopped training . I felt very uncomfortable about it . My interest was diverted by what I was experiencing - the unprofessionalism . It was just not somewhere I wanted to be near . ' Lisa Wilding QC , defending , claimed the incidents did not happen and suggested that when Mee found out they shared the same birthday , he only said ` make sure you do not drink too much , it will affect your training ' . The woman responded sharply : ` That is a lie . ' The trial , which is expected to last six or eight weeks , continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .