Three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl , Lianne Hindle lay dead in the same hospital bed . The mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital in December . The 37-year-old 's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit . The deaths , along with those of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital prompted an investigation . Today Ms Hindle 's partner Chris Barnes and his sister Karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies . Chris Barnes , whose partner Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to their daughter Poppy -LRB- pictured with brothers Zac and Louie -RRB- , is calling for action to prevent further tragedies at North Manchester General Hospital . The 40-year-old father-of-four said : ` Something has to be done . It is n't right . ` This is still happening . Maternity units are supposed to be the safest places to have babies . ' Mr Barnes , who suffers with cerebral palsy , has been left to care for the couple 's three-month-old daughter Poppy , and her three brothers , Morgan , 15 , Zac , nine , and Louie , seven . North Manchester General and the Royal Oldham Hospital called in independent experts to review its maternity units after the spate of 10 deaths in the eight-month period from December 2013 to July last year . Ms Hindle , from Bury , died in December - her death falling outside the scope of the investigation . She went into labour at almost 35 weeks pregnant , in the early hours of December 15 . The expectant mother was scheduled to give birth at St Mary 's Hospital , which has a specialist intensive care baby unit , after suffering two previous stillbirths , and three premature pregnancies . But she was taken to North Manchester General by ambulance instead , after it became clear she was going to give birth before she could get to St Mary 's . This is the only picture Ms Hindle 's family have of her holding daughter Poppy . Immediately after welcoming baby Poppy shortly after 2 am , Mr Barnes said his partner appeared ` fine ' , holding the newborn and naming her . But just an hour later , she started to feel unwell - complaining that she was ` red hot ' . Ms Barnes described how Ms Hindle started to look ` deathly white ' , and felt cold and clammy to touch , before her eyes began rolling back in her head . Her blood pressure and heart rate plummeted as her condition deteriorated and she died at around 6 am after suffering a cardiac arrest . Ms Barnes said the family has concerns about the care Ms Hindle received , claiming she was left alone with a student midwife following the birth , once the placenta had been delivered . ` Lianne was repeatedly talking of how red hot she was , asking for a fan and the windows to be opened , ' Ms Barnes said . ` The student midwife said that was normal after having a baby and wafted her with a sick bowl . ` I did n't see Lianne 's temperature taken once . ' Ms Barnes claimed at one point , a member of staff came into the room and asked the student midwife : ` Who are you supposed to be with ? ' To which the student replied , `` exactly '' , Ms Barnes said . Ms Hindle 's family said no one from the hospital had contacted them since her death . Ms Barnes added : ` That makes us feel that she just was n't important to them . ' Mr Barnes , who suffers cerebral palsy , has been left to care for the couple 's four children , Zac , nine , Morgan , 15 , three-month-old Poppy , and Louie , seven . A spokesman for The Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust said : ` Our condolences go out to the family in this tragic case . ` Lianne was diverted to us as an emergency on the way to another hospital . ` She was not previously known to our maternity service and while her baby was delivered safely , tragically Lianne subsequently died . ` We are unable to comment further as this case has been referred to the coroner and has not yet been heard . ` We deliver 10,000 babies each year and would like to reassure families about the safety of maternity services at our hospitals , but if any expectant mother has a concern they can contact their designated midwife to discuss this . ' Mr Barnes said : ` Lianne had always dreamed of a little girl . She was a strong character and loved her family . Her death has shocked and devastated us . It does n't seem real . ` The boys have been pretty resilient but Louie is a mummy 's boy and recently has been waking up in the night and crying out for her . That has been hard to take . ' A date for her inquest has not yet been set . An investigation was launched at the North Manchester General Hospital after the deaths of three babies and a mother at the hospital between December 2013 and July last year . The probe also looked at the deaths of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital over the same time period . A catalogue of failings have been uncovered at two NHS hospitals after seven babies and three mothers died there in the space of just eight months . Independent investigators were called into Royal Oldham after the deaths of four babies and two mothers , and North Manchester General after the deaths of another three babies and one mother . Lisa Parkisson , 35 , died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth in April this year , while newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth . A summary of the investigation , which was kept secret from the families of the dead until now , has been seen by MailOnline and found ` notable absence of clinical leadership ' in the maternity wards , and a ` failure to adequately plan care ' in a number of cases . Lisa Parkisson , 35 , -LRB- left with son Zac -RRB- died 48 hours after giving birth at Oldham Royal in June last year . Thomas Beaty -LRB- right -RRB- died from at the same hospital after doctors forced him back into the womb . A team of independent investigators also found risk management was ` below standard ' in some cases - though there were no apparent ` deficiencies in care ' in the deaths of the three mothers . The report noted that several of the mothers were obese or morbidly obese , which can lead to complications , but that national guidelines for treating overweight people were not followed . Officials also criticised the hospital 's own investigations , saying the root cause of the deaths was not always identified , opportunities to learn lessons were not always picked up , and that some recommendations were too general and difficult to measure . All of the deaths are believed to have occurred between December 2013 , and July last year . Pennine Acute is in the process of producing an action plan based on the recommendations from the findings . They include strengthening clinical leadership and risk management , making sure enough staff are on duty to ensure safety and reviewing the process for employing temporary locum doctors . Gill Harris , chief nurse at Pennine Acute , said last week : ` The Trust is always keen to learn and to improve care . We commissioned a review by experts from outside the Trust to look at the details of a small number of maternity cases at our hospitals . Independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership at Oldham Royal following the deaths of four babies and two mothers there in eight months . ` We are now considering that report and are developing a number of actions as a result to make some improvements to ensure we continue to provide the best quality of care for our patients . ` We deliver 10,000 babies each year and would like to reassure families about the safety of maternity services at our hospitals , but if any expectant mother has a concern they can contact their designated midwife to discuss this . ' A spokeswoman for the Care Quality Commission , the health regulator , said : ` CQC is aware that Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust has recently initiated an external review into its maternity services and we are in close liaison with the trust , NHS England and local CCG regarding the review findings . '