They are one of the world 's most famous couples - and have quickly gained respect among the fashion elite . And now , one esteemed designer has revealed why Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have the midas touch . Olivier Rousteing has revealed that he chose Kim and Kanye to star in Balmain 's latest campaign because they ` represent a family for the new world ' . Scroll down for video . Fashion 's most well-connected designer , Olivier Rousteing , has revealed why he snapped Kim Kardashian and Kanye West up to front his Balmain campaign . The 29-year-old creative director has revealed he was inspired to feature the couple - who have a 22-month-old daughter North - in the label 's spring/summer 2015 men 's campaign . The French designer , who recruited the loved-up couple for his Army Of Lovers campaign , says they are ` among the most talked-about people ' and embody the idea of a modern family . Speaking to InStyle magazine , he said : ` When I was young , I never had a reference of a mixed-ethnicity couple . ` Today they are among the most talked-about people , and North is one of the most beautiful babies on the planet . They represent a family for the new world . ' Speaking about his choice of campaign stars , Rousteing said : ` When I was young , I never had a reference of a mixed-ethnicity couple ' Kanye West Kim Kardashian rocking Balmain at the BET Honors 2015 at Warner Theatre in January . The 29-year-old creative director says he snapped up the duo , seen wearing his designs , because they are ` among the most talked-about people ' and embody the idea of a modern family . Olivier - who regularly dresses Kim , 34 , and her siblings for the red carpet - explained that when Kendall Jenner and Kim wear his clothes , they look like a ` fashion army ' . The whole family seem enamoured with Rousteing 's designs and Kim and Kanye often sport matching outfits by the French fashion house . Kim and Kanye this week made trips to France and Armenia with their daughter , North West . The trip to the religious mecca reportedly included North being baptised in the country where her late father 's side of the family originated from . Kim Kardashian , Kanye West and North visit the Geghard Monastery in Armenia and take in the sights . Kim , Kanye and North have become a fashionable family . Pictured here with Alia Wang , Aimie Wang and Nicki Minaj at the Alexander Wang show in February 2014 .