A photographer who fell on a stone in the graveyard ahead of Andy Murray 's wedding rehearsal as the tennis star was greeted by a media scrum has died . Gordon Jack , 47 , was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral , where Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears today . He was taken to hospital shortly before 5 pm yesterday , but died this afternoon . Mr Jack , a father-of-three , collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of Andy Murray 's wedding yesterday . This is the last picture taken by photographer Gordon Jack , which he tweeted - he became unwell as press and the public gathered outside Dunblane Cathedral for Andy Murray 's wedding rehearsal and died later . Murray was feet away from the photographer yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event . The 27-year-old former Wimbledon champion leant towards the photographer with visible concern after the incident , until he was ushered away by his security team . Mr Jack was found to be unconscious and was taken to Forth Valley Hospital , in Larbert , near Falkirk , where he is understood to have been placed in a medically induced coma . He died from complications following a heart attack . Mr Jack ran the Scotimage agency in Linlithgow , West Lothian and did freelance newspaper and public relations work . He is survived by his wife Gilly and three children Megan , Sam and Emily . Tonight , First Minister Nicola Sturgeon sent her condolences to Mr Jack 's family . She tweeted : ` Totally devastated to hear about the death of Gordon Jack . A lovely man and a great photographer . My thoughts with his family & colleagues . ' The National Union of Journalists -LRB- NUJ -RRB- Scotland tweeted : ` Our condolences to the wife and children of Gordon Jack who has died after a fall at Dunblane Cathedral covering Andy Murray 's wedding . ' British tennis number one Andy Murray and Kim Sears married today and were greeted by joyous crowds . Murray was feet away from Mr Jack yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event . The 47-year-old photographer was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The tragic news has cast a shadow over today 's wedding where hundreds of people lined the streets of Dunblane to congratulate the couple . The couple , both 27 , met at the US Open in 2005 when they were both aged 17 , and became engaged in November . They are believed to have asked guests to make a donation to charities rather than buy wedding presents . The couple exchanged vows at the 12th Century cathedral before a reception at Cromlix House , the hotel Murray bought in 2013 and converted into a luxury hotel .