Shaquille Omar Hallisey -LRB- pictured -RRB- hit a stranger over the head with a bottle leaving his victim with a fractured skull . A thug who hit a stranger over the head with a bottle leaving his victim with a fractured skull has been jailed for four years . Shaquille Omar Hallisey 's attack in Cardiff was described by a judge as ` a savage demonstration of violence in a public place ' . The 20-year-old 's victim Matthew Leeke , 38 , had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place . Prosecuting counsel Jeffrey Jones said witnesses described seeing three males behind Mr Leeke in Queen Street . They said the trio were arguing with Mr Leeke . ` They heard one say `` Walk away or else you are going to get hurt '' and then saw the defendant smashing a bottle over his head . ` He collapsed , hitting his head hard on the pavings and the three ran off . ' Mr Leeke told police he remembered someone speaking to him and then people surrounding him trying to help . Cardiff Crown Court heard paramedics treated cuts to the back of his head and his forehead which had to be glued and stapled in hospital . He was taken by ambulance to the University Hospital of Wales , Cardiff , and a scan showed a fracture . In a statement , he said he was now anxious to leave his house and was suffering dizziness and headaches . He said his wife and parents had also suffered a great deal of upset over what happened to him in June last year . Judge Philip Richards acknowledged that Hallisey 's guilty plea to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm had been ` brave ' but said it had been a long time coming . Hallisey had been due to stand trial before he changed his plea . ` You used a bottle as a weapon to strike another man over the head and he has been profoundly affected by it , ' the judge told him . A judge at Cardiff Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- jailed Hallisey for four years after he admitted to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm . He also said that Hallisey , of Cardiff , had been the victim of violence himself when younger and now had a good partner who was standing by him . The judge said : ` I hope you resolve never to come before these courts again . ' Caroline Rees , for Hallisey , said her client had known prison was inevitable but that he had a supportive family . ` He is normally a kind and gentle young man doing his best to live a good life against what has been a tragic background ' , she told Cardiff Crown .