From location tagging to unmonitored comments to blatant sexual harassment , a new video streaming app has all the ingredients to become a parent 's latest nightmare . Periscope , Twitter 's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online , launched a week ago today and early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology , which claims on its website that it is ` the closest thing to teleportation ' . Despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app , which is being touted as a revolutionary new way to share news , there are already a concerning number of users , particularly women , reporting that they have been sexually harassed , or trolled , while using the technology . Streaming revolution : Periscope , an iPhone app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet , launched last Thursday . Warning : App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app 's various ` land mines ' and insists that they need to monitor their child 's use of it -LRB- stock image -RRB- . Justin Esgar , App Developer of the app Goodnight , told Daily Mail Online that because Periscope ` allows users to share even more of their intimate lives with each other than ever before ' , there are ` apparent dangers ' that users have to consider before accessing it . Emma Barker , sex and relationships editor at cosmopolitan.com , noted that the app is already crawling with men who are using the anonymity afforded to them by the app 's settings in order to sexually harass women - including one of her female friends . She explained that her friend recently tried out the app by sharing a conversation she was having with her female roommate . They were fully clothed , sitting on a couch and casually conversing , yet ` within the first 20 seconds the first comment popped up ' , asking for the women to ` show butt ' . While neither of them were speaking in an even remotely sexual manor , the lude comments continued to pour in and included phrases such as : ` Show boobs ' , ` Age ? ' and ` I would soooo swipe right on both -LSB- sic -RSB- ! ' One particularly creepy user asked : ` Do you get out of the shower to pee ? ' According to Periscope 's community guidelines , the app prohibits ` pornographic or overtly sexual content ' as well as ` explicitly graphic content or media that is intended to incite violent , illegal or dangerous activities ' . And while a spokesperson for the app told Emma that Periscope has a team dedicated to content review , there does n't appear to be anything specific being done to prevent sexual commentary and online harassment . The app 's policies are , unsurprisingly , similar to Twitter , which is currently testing out a ` quality filter ' that monitors and removes threats and offensive language out of users notifications feeds . It 's not clear as to whether or not Periscope will be given a similar screening system . But the recent reports of harassment and bullying have sparked concern among parents of many of the children and teenagers who currently have access to the app -- raising questions about whether it is truly safe for young people to be using it , given that they could potentially be opening themselves up to all manner of abuse , be it of a violent , or sexual , nature . Another startling revelation about the app , was revealed by Fast Company editor Rose Pastore , who was testing out the app and learned that it had a major privacy flaw . According to Rose , if users neglected to turn off the location sharing feature , their video streams would be accompanied by a ` zoomable ' map which allowed others to pinpoint their exact locations down to the intersection . Thankfully , Periscope disabled the zooming feature on the map as a part of its first system update , but the app still enables locations . Special features : The app , which is owned by Twitter , allows users to follow certain people -LRB- L -RRB- and scroll through a ` Watch ' feed of live videos -LRB- R -RRB- . Mr Esgar noted : ` Periscope requires not only your camera and microphone , but access to your location -LSB- if you want to broadcast video -RSB- . This means not only are you sharing your video , you are letting other users know where you are . ' He added : ` That means your children potentially being found by , best case , a disgruntled ex-spouse . The worst case clearly presents even higher levels of danger . You can easily search for users of the app , even if their Tweet streams are privatized . ' Periscope does enable users to hide their location once they begin broadcasting - but many users admit they did n't think to disable the feature before starting their video stream . While testing the app , Mr Esgar said he watched Kevin Jonas and his daughter ride bicycles , a German man drinking , comedian Jim Gaffigan getting his hair washed and an office learning about Periscope . ` I do n't know or follow any of these people on Twitter but there it was , all live for me to watch on my train ride home , ' he said . And while Periscope has provided guidelines for content , Mr Esgar noted that there does n't seem to be any ` curation on the app either ' - essentially allowing users to show whatever they want . Users can report them , or even block , any people that they do not wish to be able to see their videos , and can also hide any or all chats any time by swiping right , scrolling to the bottom of the list of viewers and selecting ` hide chat ' . But by then it may already too late . You ca n't unsee something you have already seen , especially if you are an impressionable child . ` We 've all heard stories of people sending nude photos to one another either via text or other social media apps , ' Mr Esgar explained . ` Now you can easily stream nude videos . Clearly , this opens a lot of potential land mines for parents to now have to try and control . ' One user 's labeled his Periscope live stream video : ` I 'm brabroadcastingom my hotel room in LA . What could be more exciting than that ? Stop by and say hello ? ' Another touted a live video of a ` Crazy party in London ' . And then there is the issue of children and teens falling prey to online bullying . Mr Esgar said that he ` witnessed a tireless stream of anonymous people saying things that would be inappropriate for a younger audience . The dangers of online bullying are huge , and Periscope , while a great app when used responsibly , allows bullying to escalate exponentially . ' He said the app should alter its features to include stronger privacy options , the ability to block location services , curation of commentary , as well as the addition of parental controls . ` Periscope 's concept is great - live streaming made easy , ' he said , before adding : ` But maybe it 's just too easy ? '