Stuart Armstrong admits taking receipt of his first Scottish Premiership league winners ' medal would help finalise the process of feeling like a Celtic player . For the young midfielder , a Parkhead title party next month would also help make up for the hurt he suffered at the very same venue 12 months previously . Last May , at the culmination of an exciting season on Tayside , Armstrong and his young Dundee United team-mates harboured high hopes of becoming just the third team in Tannadice history to lift the Scottish Cup . Celtic 's Stuart Armstrong -LRB- right -RRB- is hoping to get his hands on the Scottish Premiership title . Armstrong completed a move from Dundee United to Celtic during the January transfer window . Following a 2-0 defeat in the final against St Johnstone , however , the 23-year-old was left crestfallen as he watched the Perth side celebrate their own slice of history on the Parkhead turf . A year on and he is part of a Celtic side rapidly closing in on a title that even Derek McInnes , manager of closest challengers Aberdeen , admits is essentially over . While insisting nobody at Celtic is taking league glory for granted , Armstrong -- who joined Celtic on transfer deadline day - admits that a title party in the east end of Glasgow next month would represent a green day to banish the blues that still hang over his head from a year ago . ` Last year 's Scottish Cup Final at Celtic Park was a disappointing end to a very enjoyable season , ' Armstrong recalled ahead of his side 's lunchtime clash at Inverness . ` We had the joy of winning the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers at Ibrox so to then go on and lose in the final to St Johnstone was very difficult to take . It 's not something you can change , though , so you have to just live with that disappointment . ` But winning the title would be nice this year . A bit of success would certainly lighten the disappointment of that cup final . ` And there 's a nice little gap building now at the top of the table . For a while Aberdeen were threatening us closely but we have managed to extend the gap and we still have a game in hand . While it 's never over until it 's mathematically impossible , we are confident we can clinch it . But we wo n't be complacent . Armstrong joined Celtic along with his close friend and former Dundee team-mate Gary Mackay-Steven . ` I 've been here at Celtic a few months now and I 've played a few games so I do feel like a Celtic player . But I would feel even more like a Celtic player with a league winners ' medal . As a player , you want to fill your trophy cabinet up and winning the league title would be a great way to start . ' In this season when achieving just the fourth treble in Celtic 's long history is a real possibility , Armstrong , like close friend Gary Mackay-Steven , has been limited to Premiership action because of his involvement in the cups with United earlier this season . His League Cup-winning team-mates return to Hampden next Sunday to face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi finals and , while being on the outside for cup ties is undeniably frustrating , Armstrong believes arriving in January has been of huge benefit in other ways . In particular , he feels walking out to a wall of sound at Parkhead against Inter Milan in the Europa League in February will have left himself and Mackay-Steven ready to hit the ground running in the Champions League qualifiers in July . ` It would be bizarre to maybe only be part of one part of a Treble - but it 's also exciting to be part of a team who are capable of doing it , ' he said . ` I 'd have loved to have been involved in all the big matches but that 's just the way it is . As it is , we have the chance of the title this year -- and I 'm sure there will be chances for other medals next year . ` But I definitely feel part of it at Celtic now . Myself and Gary have settled in really well . It was nice people were saying myself and Gary were worthy of being in contention for Scotland but it was nice to get away to Dubai for a few days of sun during the international break and to come back fresh . Even if it felt wrong not having my friend Gary there in Dubai with me , since we 're always together ! Kris Commons scored in Celtic 's recent Scottish Premiership 2-0 win over Partick Thistle . ` But being in Dubai to relax let me reflect on everything that 's happened since January . Yes , it 's a little frustrating not to be involved in the cup matches because they are always exciting games . But the advantage of coming in January was that by the time the qualifiers come round next season I will look forward to them rather than be nervous . ` The Inter Milan game was an eye opener as to how big the support is and how noisy the ground can be . To play against a huge team like them -- and for me to do so well -- was a great experience and I ca n't wait for next season . ' Inverness-born Armstrong played for Caley Thistle for a season as a 16-year-old before his family uprooted for Dundee and he joined up at Tannadice . While he has few ties left in the Highlands , he is full of respect for John Hughes ' side and his friend from the youth team , current Caley Thistle captain Graeme Shinnie . ` I grew up in Nairn but I was born at Raigmore Hospital , ' he said . ` We lived up there for six or seven years when I was young and I 've still got family in Nairn . ` I also played for Inverness Under 16s for a year before we moved to Dundee . The likes of Graeme Shinnie were there with the Under 19s and Terry Butcher was in charge , with Charlie Christie involved training the youth sides . ` But I did n't play particularly well at Inverness . I became a better player after I went to Dundee United . '