The founder of Bikram yoga , who has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students , has said women love him so much he would n't need to rape them to get sex . Speaking out for the first time since six women filed civil lawsuits accusing him of unwanted sexual advances , 69-year-old Bikram Choudhury strongly denied the accusations . ` I never assaulted them , ' he said as he spoke to CNN . ` The answer is I feel sorry for them ... They 're entranced by somebody - lawyers . ' Choudhury , who pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105F , has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries . Chelsea Clinton , Madonna and Demi Moore are among his followers . Scroll down for video . Denial : Bikram Choudhury , who has been accused of sexual advances by six separate women , has denied the allegations in an interview with CNN - the first time he has spoken out about the accusations . Choudhury told CNN that his success means he would never need to assault anyone . ` Women likes me . Women loves me , ' he said . ` So if I really wanted to involve the women , I do n't have to assault the women . ' When asked how his wife of more than 30 years , fellow yoga instructor Rajashree Choudhury , had responded to the accusations , Choudhury became emotional . ` My wife never look at me anymore , ' he said . ` Twenty-four hours a day , I work harder than any human being in this Earth ... and this is my reward ? I 'm a rapist ? Shame -LSB- on -RSB- your Western culture . ' ` Targeted ' : Sarah Baughn , pictured speaking to CNN , said Choudhury told her they should be together and that she needed to have sex with him if she wanted to advance her career . She no longer practises . At work : He pioneered Bikram yoga , in which followers practice 26 yoga moves in temperatures of 105F . Bikram yoga , devised by Bikram Choudhury , is based on regular hatha yoga , but performed in 105F temperatures for 90 minutes . Fans claim that it not only leaves them stronger and more flexible than standard yoga , it also helps them shed weight quickly . Choudhury began practising yoga in Calcutta at the age of three , spending up to six hours a day perfecting his poses . At 13 he won the National India Yoga Championship and went on to devise the 26 ` asanas ' -LRB- poses -RRB- and two breathing methods that form the core of Bikram yoga . He claims to have been invited to the U.S. in 1973 by President Richard Nixon to help him improve his health through yoga . After moving to Los Angeles , he started teaching Shirley MacLaine , whom he credits with spreading his name . He also claims to have taught yoga to Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton and has a legion of celebrity fans including Lady Gaga , Madonna , Jennifer Aniston and tennis champion Andy Murray . Choudhury says Bikram works because the heat loosens the muscles , helping them to go further than they would otherwise . Since 2013 , six women have stepped forward to accuse him of unwanted sexual advances , and studios have started to drop his name , signalling that his empire is crumbling . Sarah Baughn , one of his accusers , told CNN that Bikram yoga was ` life changing ' and as soon as she took part , she knew she wanted to teach the practice . But when she joined Bikram 's teacher training course in the mid-2000s , he quickly targeted her , she claimed . ` I was asked by him to come into his office and he sat down , ' she said . ` And immediately went into , `` What should we do about this ? What should we do about us ? We need a relationship '' . ' She was shocked - ` I felt like my whole system just sort of imploded ' - and was advised by another staff member to avoid being alone with him . But on another night , he cornered her after the group watched a movie together , she said . ` He crawled on top of me , ' she said . ` He put his hand on the inside of my thigh and the other hand he wrapped around me , and he was holding me there . ' He told her that he needed someone to massage him , brush his hair and have sex with him , she said - and made it clear that she would only advance in her career if she slept with him . ` Struggle ' : He said his wife , Rajashree Choudhury , no longer looks at him because of the accusations . Emotional : When asked about his wife 's reaction , Choudhury became emotional and questioned why he was being accused of sexual assaults after working so hard . ` Shame on your Western culture , ' he said . ` I looked him in the eyes and pushed him off of me and I said , `` I can do this by myself '' , ' she said . ` And he said , `` No you ca n't , there 's no way '' . I got up and I left the room . ' Baughn has previously likened the atmosphere in the Bikram community to a cult and said she had endured Choudhury 's sexual assaults as just something that went with the territory . Others told her to separate the man from the teacher , she said . Baughn 's lawsuit is scheduled for trial in August . She no longer practices yoga . Most recently , a Canadian woman , Jill Lawler , filed a civil case against him on February 13 , alleging that he raped her during a nine-week class when she was just 18 . In her suit , Lawler said she went into the class elated to learn from the master , but things quickly soured as she was expected to massage him while watching Bollywood movies late into the night . As they watched the films , he groped her , she said . He apologized but weeks later , he asked Lawler to come to his hotel room where he sexually assaulted her , it is claimed . Accusers : Larissa Anderson , left , and Jill Lawler , right , have both filed civil lawsuits against Choudhury . ` Throughout the sexual abuse , defendant Bikram Choudhury offered multiple explanations and justifications for his behavior , ' her lawsuit said . ` He would say `` I 'm dying , I need to you to save me . If I do n't have sex I will die . You are saving my life , you are helping me '' . ' The lawsuit states that Lawler continued doing Bikram yoga for years and that Choudhury 's abuse continued on multiple occasions , the most recent being in February 2013 . At the time , Choudhury 's lawyers and his Yoga College of India said he never sexually assaulted any of the women and that prosecutors declined to bring charges . The Los Angeles district attorney declined to bring charges in a case against Choudhury in 2013 for lack of evidence , spokesman Ricardo Santiago said . See below for video .