A 16-year-old transgender girl who spoke about being bullied at school in Fallbrook , California killed herself , a support group said , raising questions about what educators can and should do to support students who change gender identity . Taylor Alesana described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last November , saying ; ` I 've lost tons of friends , tons . And it 's been hell . I go to school every day , and I get my lunch and I sit down alone . ' She took her life on April 2 . Scroll down for video . Taylor Alesana -LRB- above -RRB- of Fallbrook , California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults , and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy -LRB- above in photo from 2 years ago -RRB- . ` With few adults to turn to , and with no support from her school , her life became too difficult , ' the North County LGBTQ Resource Center said . ` Taylor was a beautiful and courageous girl , and all she wanted was acceptance . ' Alesana attended meetings at the center and was very supportive of other transgender teens , said Max Disposti , the group 's executive director , even posting a series of online videos describing her daily experiences and struggles . Alesana had a strong relationship with her counselor at Fallbrook High School , north of San Diego , but school administrators ` did n't take the necessary steps , ' said Disposti . They never contacted his organization , even after a Thursday night vigil at its Oceanside office that was attended by Alesana 's parents and about 200 others , he said . Fallbrook Union High School District Superintendent Hugo Pedroza said in a statement that a student died tragically on April 2 . ` It is never easy when something like this happens , but we are working to move forward together and stronger than before , ' he said . Alesana said in one of her videos last years on YouTube ; ` Lately , I 've gotten a lot of drama from the school itself . ' The 16-year-old had a popular YouTube channel in which she discussed her struggles and the bullying she faced . She said in one ; ` I 've lost tons of friends , tons . And it 's been hell . I go to school every day , and I get my lunch and I sit down alone ' She is the second transgender teen who sought services at the North County LGBTQ Resource Center to die by suicide since March , said Disposti . Leelah Alcorn - On December 28 , 2014 , Alcorn , 17 , walked into oncoming traffic in Ohio , with her suicide not later appearing on Tumblr expressing her desire for her death to start a dialogue about lack of support for transgender persons . Zander Mahaffey - The 15-year-old cited family bullying in his suicide note , and there was outcry from many when after he took his life on February 15 , only his birth name and female pronouns were used in his obituary . Melonie Rose - The 19-year-old from Maryland took her life in February , and according to one attendee was dressed like a man during her open casket funeral . Ash Haffner - Haffner , 16 , took his own life after he was constantly bullied , walking into the path of a car on February 26 . Blake Brockington - The high school student from Charlotte , North Carolina who made headlines when he was named Homecoming King earlier this year and who was a huge advocate for the community took his own life in March . Sage-David - A young man from the same community as Alesana and who attended the same support group , he took his own life in March , though he was living in a supportive environment and may have been dealing with his mother 's death years before . A boy , Sage-David , who took his life last month had a supportive environment at home and school , but he struggled with other issues , including his mother 's death . Alesana was unusually vocal about the challenges of being a transgender teen . ` She was very outspoken and had incredibly positive energy , ' Disposti said . ` She was helping others as she was struggling . ' She told people in one of her final videos ; ` My biggest advice to anyone who 's transgender and struggling ? You 're becoming yourself . ' This news comes just after President Obama called for an end to conversion therapy for gat and transgender Americans . The White House released a statement in a response to a petition started after 17-year-old transgender youth Leelah Alcorn took her life late last year received over 120,000 signatures . ` We share your concern about its potentially devastating effects on the lives of transgender as well as gay , lesbian , bisexual and queer youth , ' Valerie Jarrett , President Obama 's senior adviser , said in the statement . ` As part of our dedication to protecting America 's youth , this administration supports efforts to ban the use of conversion therapy for minors . ' She later said of Alcorn while speaking to the press ; ` It was tragic , but I will tell you , unfortunately , she has a lot of company . It 's not the story of one young person . It is the story of countless young people who have been subjected to this . ' Alesana is the seventh transgender youth reported to have committed suicide this year in the United States . Her family is not releasing the details of her death . For confidential support call National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 1-800-273-TALK -LRB- 8255 -RRB- or Transgender Lifeline on +187 756 588 60 . For support in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch , or click here .