Fifteen years ago , Jennifer Lopez ' shimmering , navel-baring Versace gown captivated the world . Fifteen years ago , Jennifer Lopez ' shimmering , navel-baring Versace gown captivated the world . So much so that , long before Kim Kardashian was breaking the internet , J Lo 's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze . It even caught the attention of Google executive , Eric Schmidt , who has revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images . ` When Google was launched , people were amazed that they were able to find out about almost anything by typing just a few words into a computer , ' he told project-syndicate.com . Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin -- like all other successful inventors -- kept iterating , said Schmidt . They started with images , because people wanted more than just text . ` This first became apparent after the 2000 Grammy Awards , where Jennifer Lopez wore a green dress that , well , caught the world 's attention , ' added Schmidt . ` At the time , it was the most popular search query we had ever seen . ` But we had no surefire way of getting users exactly what they wanted : J Lo wearing that dress . Google Image Search was born . ' Before Google Image Search , web surfers could only search through a page of text divided by 10 blue links . This meant they first had to click on these links before finding out if J Lo 's dress was featured . When Google Images was launched in July 2001 , the site offered access to 250 million images . Just ten year later , that figure reached more than 10 billion . The dress is one of the few articles of specific clothing to be honoured its own Wikipedia page . After hearing the news , the 45-year-old singer shared an old picture of her in that dress on Instagram . She added : ` WHO KNEW !! #onepersoncanchangetheworld #onedresscanchangetheworld #jlo + versace = history #positivechange #funfacts LOL ' The dress caught the attention of Google executive , Eric Schmidt -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who recently revealed that it was his inspiration for creating Google Images . Google has big plans for its image search . A team of Google researchers recently developed an advanced image classification and detection algorithm called GoogLeNet , which is twice as effective than previous programs . It is so accurate it can locate and distinguish between a range of object sizes within a single image , and it can also determine an object within , or on top of , an object , within the photo . The software recently placed first in the ImageNet large-scale visual recognition challenge -LRB- ILSVRC -RRB- . Google has made the software open to other developers , to help increase its accuracy , and in the future , the technology could be used to improve Google Image searches . It could also scour YouTube videos for specific objects or shapes . He may have helped to build the internet , but Dr Vinton ` Vint ' Cerf has urged computer users to print out their most treasured photographs , or risk losing them . The Google vice president warned that as operating systems and software become more sophisticated , documents and images stored using older technology will become increasingly inaccessible . He went on to say that our dependence on technology could lead to the 21st century being a new dark age in history , with any evidence of our culture lost in a digital ` black hole ' . In centuries to come , future historians looking back on the current era could be confronted by a digital desert comparable with the dark ages - the post-Roman period in Western Europe about which relatively little is known because of the scarcity of written records . Dr Cerf , who also has the title of Chief Internet Evangelist at Google , said : ` If we 're thinking 1,000 years , 3,000 years ahead in the future , we have to ask ourselves , how do we preserve all the bits that we need in order to correctly interpret the digital objects we create ? ` We are nonchalantly throwing all of our data into what could become an information black hole without realising it . '