An elderly widow has been left distraught after her pet dog suffered third degree burns following a routine operation . Marina Lyons , 80 , took her beloved dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull for an operation to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour . The operation , carried out three weeks ago , was successful but when Marina returned home with the ten-year-old Lhasa Apso dog , she noticed lots of bruising on the its back . Marina Lyons , 80 , discovered third degree burns on her dog Rosie 's back after taking the Lhasa Apso for surgery to remove her spleen due to a suspected tumour . When Ms Lyons discovered bruising on the dog 's back she asked the vet about it , who told her it was from the operation . Not satisfied , she took the dog for a second opinion , when the burns were discovered . Marina said : ` After we discovered the bruising we rang the PDSA and they advised us to bring Rosie in for them to have a look at her . ` The vet told us they had put her on a heat pad to aid her recovery , which had led to a burn on her side . They said the bruising was from the operation . ` They then told us they did n't need to see Rosie for another four weeks . ' Not satisfied with the first vet 's explanation , Mrs Lyons took Rosie to Vets4Pets in Anlaby for a second opinion . Marina said : ` The vet there was shocked . He wanted to see the extent of her bruising and decided to shave Rosie 's hair on her back . ` It was when he shaved her hair he discovered third degree burns on her back . We were horrified . ' Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn , and is expected to have a skin graft . It is thought the injuries were caused by a heat blanket used during her recovery from spleen surgery . Rosie had a further operation on Tuesday to remove the dead skin tissue from the burn . A skin graft is also planned for next week . Marina said : ` When you take a sick dog to the vets you do expect the operation to be a success , which it has , but you do not expect the dog to end up like this . ' A PDSA spokeswoman confirmed they had received a complaint regarding Rosie 's treatment . She said : ` We take all complaints of this nature very seriously and have launched a full investigation . ` While we can not discuss individual cases due to client confidentiality , we will be in direct contact with Mrs Lyons during the investigation . '