Comedian Sarah Silverman was forced to apologize after she was caught exaggerating a story about being paid less than a man for a gig - to highlight the gender pay gap . The comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the New York Comedy Club when she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart , for a piece she recorded a wage-discrimination-activism video for Levo League . But Silverman has been forced to apologize after New York Comedy Club owner Al Martin revealed the story was false , because Silverman had been paid less purely because she appeared as a guest on the show and was n't meant to receive anything - her male counterpart Todd Barry was booked for the slot . Scroll down for video . Comedian and campaigner Sarah Silverman has been forced to apologize after she used a fake story about getting paid less than her male friend to do a job , as she tried to emphasize the issue of the gender pay gap . Silverman has since publicly apologized to Martin and revealed she fabricated the story . But she stressed that critics should not use the story as a way to undermine the gender pay gap campaign . ` To the maniacs who want to use this as a chit against women 's issues , I ask that you please do n't . Because that would be super s **** y , ' she said in a statement , according to National Review . In the video , released on April 6 , Silverman accused Martin of paying her $ 50 less than Barry to perform . She claimed while both did 15 minute back-to-back sets she was paid $ 10 , while Barry went home with $ 60 . ` So I went back inside and I asked the owner Al Martin and I said , `` Al , why did you pay me $ 10 and you paid Todd Barry $ 60 ? '' ' she said . Silverman appeared in the video and was later forced to apologise for fabricating the pay gap story S . ` And he , it was so perfect . He goes , `` Oh , did you want a $ 60 spot ? '' It was symbolic , I did n't need $ 60 , but , you know it was pretty s **** y. ' She added : ` If you work a job and a man is working the same job , then you should be getting paid the same . ' However Martin revealed what really happened in a Facebook post - prompting Silverman 's apology . She said : ` When I was interviewed by Levo , they asked me `` Do you remember a time you were paid less for the same job '' and this story , being just that , popped into my head . ' The comic said she regretted mentioning Martin by name , who had always been ` so lovely ' to her . She also admitted her anecdote had not been a good example of the gender pay gap . Silverman apologized for naming club owner Al Martin in the fabricated story but said the issue around her incorrectly recounting the anecdote should not be used to undermine the campaign for wage equality . Silverman is dating Welsh actor Michael Sheen -LRB- left -RRB- Before that , she was with Jimmy Kimmel -LRB- right -RRB- . In a Facebook post Martin said he fully accepted Silverman 's apology and invited her back to perform . He wrote : ` It takes a big person to apologize and and today Sarah proved she is that kind of person . ' Silverman came under criticism last month after she posted a list of ten ` rape prevention tips ' on Twitter . Critics blasted the comic for offering ` tips ' to potential rapists while dozens of men responded by branding her sexist for suggesting that all men desire to rape women . The sarcastic set of rules , which focus on the perpetrator of the crime rather than the victim , also include ` if you are in an elevator and a woman gets in , do n't rape her ' , as well as ` when you encounter a woman who is asleep , the safest course of action is not to rape her ' .