Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho believes securing FA Cup silverware would save their season , with hopes of a top four finish looking increasingly unlikely . The Reds go into their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Blackburn on Wednesday night off the back of damaging league losses at home to Manchester United in March followed by a 4-1 thumping at the hands of Arsenal on Saturday . Defeat at the Emirates means fifth-placed Liverpool trail fourth spot , currently occupied by Manchester City , by seven points with seven games remaining . Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho -LRB- left -RRB- says winning the FA Cup would rescue their season . Coutinho -LRB- right -RRB- started Liverpool 's 4-1 thumping at top four rivals Arsenal on Saturday afternoon . Fifth-placed Liverpool -LRB- centre -RRB- are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games left in the Premier League . After the match , Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . And while Coutinho refuses to give up hope of qualifying for Europe 's elite club competition for a second consecutive season , he does admit that ending the campaign with silverware would be some consolation if that was the case . ` Winning the -LSB- FA -RSB- cup would save our season . It is very important for us to have that as an objective , ' Coutinho told the club 's official website . ` We have to pick ourselves up after what happened against Arsenal to get the results that we need . We want to be in the Champions League . That is our primary objective . We have seven games left and we have to see what happens . ' ` Arsenal played very well , as they always do , and we did not do the things we have to do to win , the things we have done in previous games , like pressing the ball well . ` That was the difference between the two sides . It was a very difficult game but we have to pick our heads up and keep believing . We have to keep going . We have more games to come and lots of things can still happen . ' After the match , Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . Rodgers -LRB- centre -RRB- is preparing his side for their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Blackburn on Wednesday night .