A rookie playing for the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field for the first time wo n't remember his home ballpark debut because of the single he hit or the run he scored . Addison Russell , 21 , may recall his first game at Wrigley Field with a sense of horror because he let his bat slip through his fingers in the seventh while he was trying to catch up to a fastball . The bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs ' on-deck circle in the face . Scroll down for video ... Addison Russell was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning during his first game at Wrigley Field . Russell , a rookie , swung at a first-pitch fastball and accidentally let the bat slip out of his fingers . The bat went flying and it ended up striking a fan who was sitting several rows behind the Cubs ' on-deck circle . Cubs officials rushed to assist the spectator and towels from the home team 's dugout were brought to the injured fan . Russell , who was ranked the No. 5 prospect in baseball earlier this month , said the bat ` just slipped ' , according to MLB . He said : ` I saw it connect with his face . ` I saw the dude 's glasses fly , and it just was n't pretty . I feel really bad . ` Words ca n't describe how bad I feel . ' The rookie , 21 , went 1-for-3 on Monday night and is batting .160 in six big league games for the Cubs . Russell , who was ranked the No. 5 prospect in baseball earlier in April , said the bat ` just slipped ' from his hand . The fan suffered ` wounds ' but was conscious and communicative after being hit , the Chicago Tribune reported . The Cubs said the patient was transported to first aid , then transferred to an ambulance and taken to a nearby hospital . The club thanked everyone who shared their concern while updating the patient 's status . If the fan feels comfortable around bats again after he 's out of the hospital , Russell has one for him . He said : ` I found the bat in my locker , so if you see that guy out there , I 'm willing to give him a bat and sign it . ` I feel terribly bad about it . ' Russell went 1-for-3 on Monday night and is batting .160 in six big league games for the Cubs . The Cubs defeated the Pittsburgh Pirates 4-0 . The Cubs said the patient went to first aid , was transferred to an ambulance and taken to a nearby hospital . If the fan feels comfortable around bats again after he 's out of the hospital , Russell has one waiting for him .