The parents of Michael Brown have filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against the city of Ferguson over the fatal shooting of their son by a white police officer , a confrontation that sparked a national protest movement . Attorneys for Brown 's parents , Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. , filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday and called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events . The lawsuit is seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques ` that demean , disregard , or underserve its African-American population ' . Scroll down for video . Attorney Anthony Gray speaks as Michael Brown 's parents , Lesley McSpadden , second from left , and Michael Brown Sr. , right , listen along with attorney Benjamin Crump , left , during Thursday 's news conference . The family 's lawsuit is seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques ` that demean , disregard , or underserve its African-American population ' Brown 's parents did n't speak , but Lesley McSpadden wore a red hoodie bearing her son 's likeness , while Mike Brown Sr. wore a St. Louis Cardinals snapback and a hoodie that said , ` Mike Brown chosen for change ' . The new lawsuit alleges that Officer Darren Wilson destroyed evidence after he shot Brown on the street of the St. Louis suburb last August , saying he washed blood off his hands and cleared and bagged the gun used in the shooting . ` We expect to put on evidence that you never heard about before , that you have never seen , ' Anthony Gray , one of the lawyers for Brown 's family , said at Thursday 's news conference . The civil suit claims Brown had his hands up in surrender when he was killed , a claim strongly disputed during the previous investigation . Gray said evidence had not been presented properly in the previous investigations and he criticized the prosecutor who had presented the case to a grand jury . ` The evidence has not changed , but the presentation of that evidence will , ' he said of the civil lawsuit . The civil lawsuit names the city of Ferguson , former Police Chief Thomas Jackson and former police officer Darren Wilson as defendants . ` We expect to put on evidence that you never heard about before , that you have never seen , ' said Anthony Gray , left , during Thursday 's press conference . Wilson ` unjustifiably shot and killed -LRB- Brown -RRB- , using an unnecessary and unreasonable amount -LRB- of -RRB- force in violation of -LRB- Brown 's -RRB- constitutionally guaranteed right to life , ' the lawsuit states . Jackson , who resigned last month , is included because he ` maintained general supervision ' of Wilson and ` was also responsible for his hiring , training and retention , ' the lawsuit states . If it comes to trial , the lawsuit could force a full review of all the evidence in the shooting and bring key witnesses to be questioned in open court , including Wilson . Attorney Benjamin Crump told reporters that the alleged subterfuge with which investigators handled the Wilson probe is indicative of a national trend . He cited the cases of Eric Garner , Floyd Dent , Tamir Riceand Antonio Zambrano-Montes . ` The narrative of the law enforcement all across the country for shooting unarmed people of color is the same : That they had no other choice , ' Crump said . ` But time and time again , the objective evidence contradicts the standard police narrative . ' The lawsuit also lists incidents of alleged unlawful stops and arrests of African-Americans in Ferguson . It asks for the court to assign a monitor to the city 's police force for five years or until ` the city of Ferguson has fully and effectually trained all of its police officers on the constitutional requirements of the use of deadly force . ' Lesley McSpadden , the mother of Michael Brown , wore a sweatshirt remembering her son during Thursday 's new conference , left , while Michael Brown Sr. , the father of Michael Brown , as also in attendance . Brown , 18 , was unarmed and walking in the street with a friend on August 9 when Wilson told them to move to the sidewalk . That led to a heated confrontation and a scuffle between Wilson and Brown inside Wilson 's squad car . Wilson shot Brown after the scuffle spilled into the street . Some witnesses said Brown was trying to surrender , but Wilson said Brown was moving toward him aggressively , forcing him to shoot . Brown 's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national Black Lives Matter movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities . In the end , local and federal authorities ruled that the shooting was justified . A St. Louis County grand jury and the U.S. Justice Department declined to prosecute Wilson , who resigned in November . But the Justice Department released a scathing report citing racial bias and profiling in the Ferguson Police Department and a profit-driven municipal court system that frequently targets black residents . Several city officials resigned following the review , including the city manager , police chief and municipal judge . The municipal court clerk was fired for racist emails . Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer , Darren Wilson , in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014 . Wilson resigned in November . Civil cases generally require a lower standard of proof than criminal cases . Jurors must find a preponderance of evidence , not proof beyond a reasonable doubt needed to convict in a criminal trial . Two decades ago , football star O.J. Simpson was acquitted of the killings of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend , Ronald Goldman . But a civil jury awarded the Brown and Goldman families $ 33.5 million in wrongful-death damages . The family of Amadou Diallo , an unarmed man killed by police in 1999 , settled with New York City for $ 3 million in 2004 after filing a $ 60 million lawsuit . The city did not admit any wrongdoing . The settlement came after four officers indicted in his shooting were acquitted of second-degree murder and reckless endangerment . Wrongful-death lawsuits have been filed in other recent high-profile cases , too . In New York , the family of Eric Garner is seeking $ 75 million in damages . Garner , who was black and had asthma , died in July after a white plainclothes officer applied what a medical examiner determined was a chokehold after Garner was accused of selling loose , untaxed cigarettes on a city street . Brown 's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national ` Black Lives Matter ' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities .