A young mother diagnosed with dementia at only 41 is living in fear that she will forget her teenage daughter as doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in just five years . Kelly Watson , of Gateshead in Tyne and Wear , started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination . Despite regular trips to GPs , it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young . Most likely she was bipolar or depressed . But after tests and a brain scan , she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday on June 23 last year . Now she is terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter Holly and said the joys of watching her grow up had ` all been stolen from me ' . Kelly Watson , 41 , -LRB- right -RRB- said she is scared about forgetting her 17-year-old daughter , Holly -LRB- pictured left -RRB- . Since being diagnosed with dementia on her 41st birthday , Kelly relies on her mother Moira to wash her hair . Kelly said the joys of watching Holly grow up ; graduate , marry and have children had been taken from her . Kelly told theSunday People : ` Doctors predict my mind will deteriorate in a matter of years . I will forget I 'm a mum , forget my beautiful girl Holly . ` I wanted to see her graduate , get married and have kids . It 's all been stolen from me . ' The mother-of-one now attends a dementia support group five days a week and is the youngest by 20 years . Until 2011 , Kelly worked as a clerical officer in the civil service in Longbenton , Tyne and Wear , and lived with her partner and Holly . But she developed uncharacteristic mood swings and started slurring her speech . Her relationship broke down and in February last year she had to quit her job . She could not write and kept losing things such as her purse and keys . Confused and unable to afford her house , she and Holly moved in with her mother , Moira , nearby . Kelly said : ` My mum started helping me dress as I struggled . She even had to wash my hair and shave my legs for me . ' After brain scans and cognitive tests , the devastating news revealed the dementia diagnosis . Kelly told the Sunday People : ` We were shattered . With so much life ahead of me it seemed so unfair . ` How do you tell your own daughter there will come a time that I may not remember who she is ? ' After her condition deteriorated , Kelly and Holly moved in with her mother , Moira , nearby . Kelly , who tries to keep her brain active with quizzes , said she felt lucky to have the love of Moira and Holly . Her mother , Moira , was angry they had to ` beg ' for a year and a half to get a scan and is now hoping specialists can give the family an exact diagnosis of Kelly 's condition . The 62-year-old said : ` At first they just thought she was depressed and anxious , but I knew there was something more wrong . ` I felt it in my gut , believed she was suffering from some type of dementia . ` I begged people for help but they did n't listen , they just kept telling me she was too young to have it . ' She added : ` It took years before they even diagnosed dementia . If we had n't have pushed for scans , they would still be saying she was just depressed . ' Now Moira is hoping to send her daughter to a specialist clinic in London to help the family get the precise diagnosis they have been waiting years for . They also have no treatment for Kelly . They are hoping to raise £ 2,000 to go to a private clinic in London . Friends will be holding a fundraising event in Heworth , in Tyne and Wear , tomorrow . To donate , visit Kelly 's Go Fund Me page . Kelly is living in fear of not recognising her teenage daughter Holly , with whom she has a close bond . Kelly said fighting dementia had become a ` full time job ' but felt lucky to have the support of her loving family . Her mother , Moira , was angry they had to ` beg ' for a year and a half to get a scan to reveal the diagnosis .