If you 're fed up with repeatedly typing passwords , hovering your finger on a sensor or staring at your phone waiting for it to scan your face to unlock it , a new device could cure your woes . The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby . The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet -LRB- three metres -RRB- . Scroll down for video . Convenient : The Salt card -LRB- pictured -RRB- is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet , by automatically unlocking it whenever the user is nearby . Salt connects to an app on a user 's Android handset or iPhone via Bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet , where the firm suggests the Salt card is stored . The card was created by Joel Paglione and Niko Zistakis . . They claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year , based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day . The duo , based in Chicago , Illinois , came up with the idea as an increased method of security and a time-saving device and recently raised more than $ 82,000 -LRB- £ 53,512 -RRB- on Kickstarter to put it into production . The Salt card is made of durable plastic with a matte finish and is the same height and length as an ordinary credit card . However , it 's three times as thick because it has to be big enough to store the battery , which lasts for 18 months . The credit card-sized gadget -LRB- illustrated -RRB- also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range . It connects to an app on a user 's Android handset or iPhone via Bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet , where it is suggested the Salt card is stored . The start-up claims that its Salt card is more secure than fingerprint scanners , such as the one in Apple 's iPhone 6 handset -LRB- pictured -RRB- and it can be used with gloves in the winter . Chip maker Qualcomm has unveiled its Sense ID 3D fingerprint scanner - the first biometric sensor using ultrasonic technology . It uses ultrasonic sound waves to capture the ridges , sweat pores and more on the tip of a finger in greater detail than capacitive touch ID sensors seen on the likes of Apple and Samsung devices . This not only makes it more accurate than other sensors , but it will also work even if the user 's hands are wet or have dirt or lotions on it , for example . Phones running Sense ID are expected to launch later this year , but Qualcomm did not reveal to MailOnline which devices or manufacturers it is working with . Setting up the card is said to be simple , as users only have to enter the unique 12-digit code printed on the front of the card in the iOS or Android app to register it as their own . From then on , their phone automatically unlocks when they move within 10ft -LRB- three metres -RRB- of it . It does this thanks to a Bluetooth chip that emits a low-frequency signal that can be read by the phone , but does n't consume the battery , according to the start-up . ` You do n't have to connect it your phone like you normally do with Bluetooth - it basically acts as a beacon and finds your phone , unlocking it , ' Mr Paglione said . The card sends notifications to a user 's phone if they leave their wallet containing the card behind , as well as telling them the last location they had it . In the future it will be possible to change the proximity needed for the card to unlock the phone . ` So you could set it for 30 feet -LRB- 9 metres -RRB- when you 're in your house so you do n't have to put in your pin at home , but when you 're out you might want it so it only unlocks when the card is in your hand , so you could set it to one foot proximity , ' he explained . It is claimed that the card will save people around 53 hours over a year , based on the time it takes to type a password into their phone 150 times a day . The card costs $ 20 -LRB- £ 13 -RRB- and can be ordered from the company 's website . Mr Paglione , 30 , said that as well as being tedious , constantly entering a password can be a security issue because criminals can spot a pattern and there are cameras everywhere . ` Many people are looking for additional ways to secure their phone and people are always looking for ways to save time , ' he said . However , it may appear that if a user 's handbag is stolen with their wallet including the card and their phone inside , Salt may prove less secure than a stanard password . MailOnline has asked the firm is this is the case . Mr Zistakis , an architect by profession , developed a prototype using a Bluetooth headset and then Mr Paglione added his manufacturing expertise to create the product . He conceded : ` There are other people doing similar things , but the difference is we have put it into a device that can be hidden away and at $ 20 it 's very affordable . ` The card is waterproof , so you could go swimming with it . ' There are already key fobs that can unlock handsets and many people no longer input a PIN , instead using biometric technology , such as fingerprint scanners and face scanners , to unlock their smartphones . The iPhone 6 , for example , has Touch ID , which enables users to unlock their handset by placing their finger on a button for a couple of seconds , while Fujitsu recently unveiled an iris scanner at Mobile World Congress that uses infrared light to unlock a handset . But the pair of Salt card inventors say that phone unlocking is just the beginning for them and in the future , they hope to develop the idea as a platform for communicating with all sorts of electronic devices . ` One day we 'd like the card to communicate with doors , unlocking as you approach them , lights turning on and off or you walk into a restaurant and you wo n't need to let them know you 've arrived , it 'll just book you in , Mr Paglione said . There are already key fobs that can unlock handsets and many people no longer input a PIN , instead using biometric technology such as fingerprint scanners and iris scanners -LRB- illustrated -RRB- to unlock their smartphones . Fujitsu has developed a ` custom compact and high-output infrared LED ' , and a custom infrared camera . These were combined with Fujitsu 's camera controller technology and biometric-authentication technology . It identifies a person by scanning the pattern of their iris . The pattern does n't change significantly after the age of two , and it is difficult to injure its surface and difficult to forge . Movements of the smooth muscle of the iris make the eye 's openings larger or smaller , which in turn adjusts the amount of light that enters the retina . For its prototype , Fujitsu has built a miniature scanner so it fits on the front of a smartphone . It recognises the pattern by shining an infrared LED light on the sensor into the eyes and taking a picture of the pattern with the infrared camera . This pattern is registered and linked to the user . Each time they look at their phone , the sensor scans their eye , matches it with the stored image and unlocks the device . ` The system can reliably authenticate the detailed patterns of the iris and that can be used in most everyday situations , ' a spokesman for Fujitsu told MaiOnline . ` This can be used at a normal smartphone viewing distance , rather than within the 10 cm range most existing iris recognition systems require . ` And in safety testing , the infrared LED light was verified to be safe for the eyes . '