A small ` hot spot ' in the U.S. Southwest is responsible for producing the largest concentration of the greenhouse gas methane seen over the United States - and is the subject of a major new investigation to find out why . The hot spot , near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico and Utah , covers only about 2,500 square miles -LRB- 6,500 square kilometers -RRB- , or half the size of Connecticut . A recent Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they do n't know why . . Scroll down for video . The Four Corners area -LRB- red -RRB- is the major U.S. hot spot for methane emissions in this map showing how much emissions varied from average background concentrations from 2003-2009 -LRB- dark colors are lower than average ; lighter colors are higher -RRB- . The hot spot , near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico and Utah , covers only about 2,500 square miles . Methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere . Like carbon dioxide , it contributes to global warming . To calculate the emissions rate that would be required to produce the observed concentration of methane in the air , the authors performed high-resolution regional simulations using a chemical transport model , which simulates how weather moves and changes airborne chemical compounds . Researchers from several institutions are now in the Four Corners region of the U.S. Southwest with a suite of airborne and ground-based instruments , aiming to uncover reasons for a mysterious methane ` hot spot ' detected from space . ` With all the ground-based and airborne resources that the different groups are bringing to the region , we have the unique chance to unequivocally solve the Four Corners mystery , ' said Christian Frankenberg , a scientist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , California , who is heading NASA 's part of the effort . Other investigators are from the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences -LRB- CIRES -RRB- in Boulder , Colorado ; the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -LRB- NOAA -RRB- ; and the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor . Last fall , researchers including Frankenberg reported that a small region around the Four Corners intersection of Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico and Utah had the highest concentration of methane over background levels of any part of the United States . An instrument on a European Space Agency satellite measuring greenhouse gases showed a persistent atmospheric hot spot in the area between 2003 and 2009 . The amount of methane observed by the satellite was much higher than previously estimated . The satellite observations were not detailed enough to reveal the actual sources of the methane in the Four Corners . Likely candidates include venting from oil and gas activities , which are primarily coalbed methane exploration and extraction in this region ; active coal mines ; and natural gas seeps . Researchers from CIRES , NOAA 's Earth Systems Research Laboratory and Michigan are conducting a field campaign called TOPDOWN -LRB- Twin Otter Projects Defining Oil Well and Natural gas emissions -RRB- 2015 , bringing airborne and ground-based instruments to investigate possible sources of the methane hot spot . Shiprock , New Mexico , is in the Four Corners region where an atmospheric methane `` hot spot '' can be seen from space . Researchers are currently in the area , trying to uncover the reasons for the hot spot . The JPL team will join the effort on April 17 and fly two complementary remote sensing instruments on two Twin Otter research aircraft . The Next-Generation Airborne Visible/Infrared Imaging Spectrometer -LRB- AVIRISng -RRB- , which observes spectra of reflected sunlight , flies at a higher altitude and will be used to map methane at fine resolution over the entire region . Using this information and ground measurements from the other research teams , the Hyperspectral Thermal Emission Spectrometer -LRB- HyTES -RRB- will fly over suspected methane sources , making additional , highly sensitive measurements of methane . Depending on its flight altitude , the NASA aircraft can image methane features with a spatial resolution better than three feet -LRB- one meter -RRB- square . In other words , it can create a mosaic showing how methane levels vary every few feet , enabling the identification of individual sources . Hotspot of total column methane anomalies centered over the Four Corners region from 2003 to 2009 , when a satellite-based methane-measuring instrument was operational . The April study will focus on verifying the hotspot and determining the methane sources producing the exceptionally elevated methane concentrations . With the combined resources , the investigators hope to quantify the region 's overall methane emissions and pinpoint contributions from different sources . They will track changes over the course of the month-long effort and study how meteorology transports emissions through the region . ` If we can verify the methane detected by the satellite and identify its sources , decision-makers will have critical information for any actions they are considering , ' said CIRES scientist Gabrielle Pétron , one of the mission 's investigators . Part of President Obama 's recent Climate Action Plan calls for reductions in methane emissions . The research team also includes scientists from the Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research at the University of Colorado , Boulder ; the U.S. Bureau of Land Management ; and the state of New Mexico . Is this the cause ? The Four Corners coal-fired power plant , near Farmington , is one of the targets Nasa wants to investigate as a possible cause of the methane . In each of the seven years studied from 2003-2009 , the area released about 0.59 million metric tons of methane into the atmosphere . This is almost 3.5 times the estimate for the same area in the European Union 's widely used Emissions Database for Global Atmospheric Research . In the study published online today in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , researchers used observations made by the European Space Agency 's Scanning Imaging Absorption Spectrometer for Atmospheric Chartography -LRB- SCIAMACHY -RRB- instrument , which measured greenhouse gases from 2002 to 2012 . The atmospheric hot spot persisted throughout the study period . A ground station in the Total Carbon Column Observing Network , operated by the Department of Energy 's Los Alamos National Laboratory , provided independent validation of the measurement . To calculate the emissions rate that would be required to produce the observed concentration of methane in the air , the authors performed high-resolution regional simulations using a chemical transport model , which simulates how weather moves and changes airborne chemical compounds . Research scientist Christian Frankenberg of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory -LRB- JPL -RRB- in Pasadena , California , first noticed the Four Corners signal years ago in SCIAMACHY data . ` We did n't focus on it because we were n't sure if it was a true signal or an instrument error , ' Frankenberg said . The study 's lead author , Eric Kort of the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor , noted the study period predates the widespread use of hydraulic fracturing , known as fracking , near the hot spot . This indicates the methane emissions should not be attributed to fracking but instead to leaks in natural gas production and processing equipment in New Mexico 's San Juan Basin , which is the most active coalbed methane production area in the country . Natural gas is 95-98 percent methane . Methane is colorless and odorless , making leaks hard to detect without scientific instruments . ` The results are indicative that emissions from established fossil fuel harvesting techniques are greater than inventoried , ' Kort said . ` There 's been so much attention on high-volume hydraulic fracturing , but we need to consider the industry as a whole . ' In just one place in the United States do four states meet . The borders of Utah , Colorado , New Mexico , and Arizona intersect at Four Corners , west of the confluence of the Mancos and San Juan Rivers . Coalbed methane is gas that lines pores and cracks within coal . In underground coal mines , it is a deadly hazard that causes fatal explosions almost every year as it seeps out of the rock . After the U.S. energy crisis of the 1970s , techniques were invented to extract the methane from the coal and use it for fuel . By 2012 , coalbed methane supplied about 8 percent of all natural gas in the United States . Frankenberg noted that the study demonstrates the unique role space-based measurements can play in monitoring greenhouse gases . ` Satellite data can not be as accurate as ground-based estimates , but from space , there are no hiding places , ' Frankenberg said . In March 2014 the Obama Administration announced a strategy to reduce methane emissions under its Climate Action Plan . The strategy includes improving the measurement and monitoring of methane emissions and assessing current methane emissions data .