Famed for its crystal clear waters and white sand beaches , a slice of paradise in the Turks and Caicos has been named the best island in the world . Providenciales has a reputation as one of the best beach destinations on the planet , and is adding to its trophy haul after claiming the top gong in TripAdvisor 's annual ranking . The Caribbean island , north-east of Cuba , was tops in the website 's Travellers ' Choice Awards for 2015 , edging Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras . Scroll down for video . The Caribbean island of Providenciales , in Turks and Caicos , was named the best island in the world by TripAdvisor users . Providenciales , which is home to about 20,000 people , consistently ranks as one of the world 's best islands or beach destinations . With golden beaches and rugged mountains , Maui , the second largest island in Hawaii , was named the second best island in the world . Best islands in the world : . 1 . Providenciales , Turks and Caicos . 2 . Maui , Hawaii . 3 . Roatan , Honduras . 4 . Santorini , Greece . 5 . Ko Tao , Thailand . 6 . Madeira , Portugal . 7 . Bali , Indonesia . 8 . Mauritius . 9 . Bora Bora , French Polynesia . 10 . Fernando de Noronha , Brazil . Best islands in Europe : . 1 . Santorini , Greece . 2 . Madeira , Portugal . 3 . Crete , Greece . 4 . Zakynthos , Greece . 5 . Fuerteventura , Spain . 6 . Jersey , Channel Islands . 7 . Mallorca , Spain . 8 . Capri , Italy . 9 . Tenerife , Spain . 10 . Corsica , France . TripAdvisor said the rankings are based on reviews from users around the world , with winners being determined using an algorithm that considers the quantity and quality of reviews and ratings for each island 's hotels , restaurants and attractions . Rounding out the top five were Santorini in Greece , which was named the best island in Europe , and Ko Tao in Thailand . Madeira , Portugal was Europe 's only other entry in the top 10 , ranking sixth ahead of Bali in Indonesia , Mauritius , Bora Bora in the South Pacific and Brazil 's Fernando de Noronha . No island in the UK or Australia managed to crack the global top 10 . Located just north of the mainland in the Caribbean Sea , Roatan is the largest of the Bay Islands in Honduras . Europe 's best island , according to TripAdvisor users , is Santorini , Greece , which was also named fourth best in the world . The small town of Oia is famous for buildings that are painted white and churches with their domes painted blue . Thailand 's Ko Tao , named the fifth best island in the world , is located west of the mainland in the Gulf of Thailand . In the European top five , Santorini was followed by Madeira , the Greek islands of Crete and Zakynthos , and Fuerteventura in Spain 's Canary Islands . Jersey , a self-governing British Crown dependency , was named the sixth best island in Europe -- finishing ahead of Mallorca and Tenerife , two of Britons ' favourites -- and the top island in the UK and Channel Islands category . Scotland was the biggest winner in the domestic category , claiming four spots in the top 10 . The Isle of Arran , Isle of Skye , Mainland Orkney , and Lewis and Harris were awarded fourth , fifth , sixth and eighth places , respectively . In a statement , a spokesperson for the Visit Jersey tourist bureau said : ` We are thrilled to learn that Jersey has been voted number one island in the Travellers ' Choice Awards for Islands UK and Channel Islands category . ` Not only are we top in the UK but more notably were also voted the sixth best island in the whole of Europe . ` This is hugely encouraging news as with so many incredible islands to visit across Europe , Jersey holds its own . This is testament to the fantastic work of the Jersey tourism industry . '