A University of Virginia student whose reputation was trashed by Rolling Stone 's discredited tale of a violent gang rape on campus has taken the magazine to task for not firing anybody after its story fell apart . Alex Stock , a former friend of supposed victim ` Jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature A Rape on Campus , and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out . ` I think the Rolling Stone absolutely should be held accountable ' , he said in a TV interview Monday , and added the under-fire magazine has risked its reputation by not disciplining Sabrina Erdley , the reporter who wrote the story . Scroll down for video . Taking to task : Alex Stock , right , who was portrayed as a callous social climber in Rolling Stone 's UVA discredited campus rape story said the magazine should be held accountable . Rolling Stone 's reporting was torn apart by professors from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , who pointed out ` basic , even routine ' failures in how the story was prepared . The most important failing , they said , was not contacting Stock and another student , Ryan Duffin , who spoke out alongside Stock in an interview with Fox News 's Megyn Kelly . Stock and Duffin - who were referred to by pseudonyms in the story - would have been able to tell Erdley that there were serious inconsistencies between what Jackie had told them and the story the article credulously repeated . Rolling Stone 's story said that Jackie , sitting in a dress stained in blood from a gang rape by seven different men just hours before , sobbed to her three friends , who told her to take it no further . Still employed : Rolling Stone will not take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely , whose reporting was roundly discredited . The story said the three - Duffin , Stock and an unnamed woman - were preoccupied with the ` social price ' of being associated with rape accusations . Duffin and Stock were painted as wannabe frat boys whose prospects of acceptance would be harmed . In fact , they revealed , Jackie had no blood on her or obvious wounds - and the friends immediately suggested going to the police , which Jackie said she was not prepared for . None of them was ever contacted by Erdley - in Duffin 's case because Jackie had falsely told her that he had refused to contribute . When asked whether Jackie herself should have her identity revealed , Stock said : ` I do n't see any point in further shaming her . Nobody can track her down , I 've even spoken with some friends from her home town - nobody knows where she is . ` I think she 's learned her lesson . I think the Rolling Stone absolutely should be held accountable . ' When asked whether Erdley should be fired , he said : ` I think the Rolling Stone puts its reputation seriously at stake for not doing that . ` I think the next article she comes out with it 's going to be hard for people to take seriously . ' Responding to the same question , Duffin said : ` I think much more than anybody losing jobs or not losing jobs I think it 's important that Rolling Stone and other media outlets look at this more as a story of what not to do in reporting . ' Report : The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the botched story Sunday night . Many were sceptical when Rolling Stone responded to the damning review Sunday night by standing by Erdley , her editors and her fact-checkers despite the avoidable problems their story had caused . Jann Wenner , the publisher of Rolling Stone , confirmed to the New York Times that everybody would remain in their positions . He defended Erdley 's reporting , and described Jackie as ` a really expert fabulist storyteller ' . Erdely , who went to ground as the row over her article erupted , issued an apology in the wake of the review , admitting ` I did not go far enough ' . Her piece credulously recounted Jackie 's tale the story of an anonymous student - referred to as Jackie - who said she was lured to the Phi Kappa Psi house and raped by a gang of seven men . Anonymous : Jackie has never been identified . Police officials say she refused to be interviewed in the course of their investigation . It described the ordeal , during which Jackie said she was passed from man to man in an excruciating three hours of pain , during which she was also supposedly penetrated with a beer bottle upstairs during a pledging event . The article recounted the event in vivid , graphic detail based on Jackie 's account . It said : ` There was a heavy person on top of her , spreading open her thighs , and another person kneeling on her hair , hands pinning down her arms , sharp shards digging into her back , and excited male voices rising all around her . ` When yet another hand clamped over her mouth , Jackie bit it , and the hand became a fist that punched her in the face . The men surrounding her began to laugh . Describing the moment she supposedly passed out from pain , it continued : ` Someone handed her classmate a beer bottle . Jackie stared at the young man , silently begging him not to go through with it . ` And as he shoved the bottle into her , Jackie fell into a stupor , mentally untethering from the brutal tableau , her mind leaving behind the bleeding body under assault on the floor . ' The review spelled out extensive contact between Erdely and Jackie , spanning eight interviews . Erdely wrote 405 pages of notes about the story . Jackie also spent four hours speaking to a Rolling Stone fact-checker . Erdely had asked repeatedly for the name of the supposed attacker , but Jackie said she was not ` comfortable ' with the idea of him being contacted for the story . But they ultimately decided to rely on her for virtually all the information in the account , which led to inconsistencies not being discovered until after publication . Erdely asked Jackie again for the name once the public interrogation of her account began . This time she agreed - but it emerged she did not even know how to spell the surname of the man , referred to as ` Drew ' in the story . Experts at Columbia concluded that Erdely , her editors , and the fact-checking department all failed to try hard enough to speak to the accused , and other people mentioned in the story . Claims : The story published in November focused on a University of Virginia student named Jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at the campus ' Phi Kappa Psi fraternity two years ago . Above , the frat house on January 15 , 2015 . Another possible way Erdely could have found out inconsistencies in the story would have been giving fuller details to the fraternity and UVA when asking them for comment , the review said . Stepehn Scipione , the chapter president of Phi Kappa , was asked to comment on the allegations without being given dates of the supposed attack or any details about who was involved . He told the review : ` It was complete bull *** t . They were n't telling me what they were going to write about . They were n't telling me any dates or details . ' When the full story was published , Phi Kappa Psi responded by pointing out there had been no party on the date Jackie gave . They also said that - despite claims of a pledging ritual taking place at the time - the fraternity house was then home to no pledges . The review concluded : ` Rolling Stone 's repudiation of the main narrative in A Rape on Campus is a story of journalistic failure that was avoidable . ` The failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking . ` The magazine set aside or rationalized as unnecessary essential practices of reporting that , if pursued , would likely have led the magazine 's editors to reconsider publishing Jackie 's narrative so prominently , if at all . ` The published story glossed over the gaps in the magazine 's reporting by using pseudonyms and by failing to state where important information had come from . ' It recommended that Rolling Stone tighten its procedures around fact-checking and offer more details when requesting comment from subjects . It also questioned the use of pseudonyms , and said the magazine should consider banning them . At the same time as publishing the review , Rolling Stone announced that it was ` officially retracting ' the story , which has amassed more than 2.7 million views online . The page where the story was hosted until Sunday night now redirected to the Columbia review , which has the subtitle ` An anatomy of a journalistic failure ' . Sean Woods , one of Jackie 's editors , described the scandal over the article as ` It 's been an extraordinarily painful and humbling experience ' . He later added : ` Ultimately , we were too deferential to our rape victim ; we honored too many of her requests in our reporting . ` We should have been much tougher , and in not doing that , we maybe did her a disservice . ' In a personal statement released online , Erdely said : ` Reading the Columbia account of the mistakes and misjudgments in my reporting was a brutal and humbling experience . ` I want to offer my deepest apologies : to Rolling Stone 's readers , to my Rolling Stone editors and colleagues , to the UVA community , and to any victims of sexual assault who may feel fearful as a result of my article . She said that as a reporter she must : ` weigh my compassion against my journalistic duty to find the truth . ` However , in the case of Jackie and her account of her traumatic rape , I did not go far enough to verify her story . ` I allowed my concern for Jackie 's well-being , my fear of re-traumatizing her , and my confidence in her credibility to take the place of more questioning and more facts . These are mistakes I will not make again . '