A newlywed has died of cancer while on a honeymoon road trip just weeks after his wedding . John Sims , who had Burkitt 's Lymphoma , died on Saturday , with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side . The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center , after John , who was to turn 31 tomorrow , was told his cancer was terminal . John Sims , who had Burkitt 's Lymphoma died on Saturday , with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side . The pair married March 21 at MD Anderson Cancer Center after John , who was to turn 31 tomorrow , was told his cancer , was terminal . After the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip last week , hoping to make it to visit John 's friend Dave in Oregon . ` We 've driven through the mountains , we 've been in snow . We 've been in the Rocky Canyons , we 've seen waterfalls , ' said Lindsey , 29 . But their journey came to an end when John 's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in Grand Junction , Colorado . Their journey came to an end when John 's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in Grand Junction , Colorado . When John died his new wife sat by his side , holding his hand . ` This world will be a much sadder place without John in it , ' Lindsey told KHOU11 News . ` The biggest thing that John would want to take away is that there is still love out there , ' said Lindsey . Burkitt 's lymphoma is a relatively rare and aggressive form of non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma . It affects lymphocytes - a type of white blood cell - which are found in the blood and in lymph glands . Lymphoma is a disease where lymphocyte B-cells grow in an uncontrolled way . Patients with the cancer experience a swelling in the lymph nodes . If Burkitts lymphoma is in the chest or throat , people can have difficulty swallowing or breathing , whereas if it appears as a lump in the abdomen , it can cause pain , swelling , nausea and diarrhoea . ` Everyone deserves to be loved . You love selflessly , you love with everything you have and he 's done that and I 've done that and it 's made for an incredible story . Something that I will cherish forever . ' The pair , began dating in January 2013 after meeting online . But six months into their relationship , John was was diagnosed with Burkitt lymphoma . It is a cancer of the lymphatic system , which is part of the body 's immune system , made up of organs such as the bone marrow and lymph nodes . The rapidly growing cancer started in his leg , but had recently spread to his brain . But after being told the outlook was now bleak , the pair got married at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center , where John was receiving treatment . ` My love for you is eternal , ' John told his bride in their wedding vows . Lindsey , who has a young daughter from a previous relationship , quit her job as a restaurant manager to help look after John . John set up a JustGiving page to help with his funeral costs and support his new wife and mother . Lindsey , who has a young daughter from a previous relationship , quit her job as a restaurant manager to help look after John . ` My love for you is eternal , ' John told his bride in their wedding vows .