Between getting children dresses , breakfast on the table , lunches packed and the school run , mornings can be one of the least relaxing times of day . And more specifically , a study of 2.3 million has revealed that 7.35 am is the most hectic , frenzied time of the morning routine for Australian families . Sophie Falkiner , Australian TV presenter , model and mother of two , can testify to that . ` It 's crazy , in the mornings there is a million and one things to do - uniforms to be found , spelling tests to get done , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . Crazy o'clock : A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35 am as the most hectic , frenzied time of day in Australian households . Out the door : Getting breakfast , kids dressed and the school run is the cause of much mayhem . Mum of two : Sophie Falkiner has told Daily Mail Australia that she has a ` million and one ' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door . ` The kids get up at 7 am so I have to get up at 6.30 to give myself time to have a coffee and get exercise in before starting the day , ' the 41-year-old former Great Outdoors and Wheel of Fortune presenter added . According to the study , conducted by Kraft , breakfast is the top priority for parents - with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year -LRB- equivalent to 25 minutes a day -RRB- . ` We 're out the door by 8 am , so when we all have time to sit together and have breakfast it 's the only zen time we have , ' said Falkiner . Time it : Australian parents spend an average 140 hours per year getting children breakfast . ` It will only be 15-20 minutes together -LRB- and I wish it could be longer ! -RRB- but these days people are time poor and its hard to get everything done and be nutritious , ' she said . ` My daughter 's not a breakfast person , so getting a quick nut spread and toast in is quick and easy before we head out the door . ' The study also found that nut spreads are a popular choice for breakfast loving kids , with Aussie kids eating spreads 6.7 times a week . Mum knows best : Sophie Falkner , mum of two , believes nuts are high in protein and good for fussy eaters . Falkiner , who also has a certificate in nutrition says that nuts are a big part of her children 's diet and are packed full of nutritional benefits . ` Nuts are packed with good protein . So the spreads are good for fussy eaters , they give your kids important brain food and energy , protein and it helps keep them full until lunch time . ' Falkiner 's tip is to mix up how you serve nut spreads to make it both fun and varied for kids . ` I will do peanut butter in celery sticks for the kids then on weekend as a treat they will get pancakes and hazelnut spread , ' she said . Spread it around : Falkiner says mix up nut spreads during the week adding to celery sticks or pancakes . ` They 'd eat the whole container in one go if they could , they ask all weekend and will look forward to having pancakes as special treat . ' As for juggling a balance of work , life and kids , Falkiner says the being organised is key . ` I am one of those nerdy list makers and schedulers who uses a list on the fridge to know where the whole family is each week , ' she said . ` We have so much on our plates , being a mum , taxi , organising play dates , after school parties , groceries , it 's tough getting it all done , so being organised is the only way to it . '