The sun is shining , the mercury is climbing and the trees are finally in blossom . Spring has finally sprung and it 's time to get outdoors and take advantage of the warm weather and vivid colours . Whether you prefer a stroll around The Netherlands ' Keukenhof Gardens , largely recognised as one of the world 's most beautiful springtime wonders , or to take in the sights of the Smithsonian alongside Washington 's cherry blossom trees , there are plenty of incredible blooms on display all around the globe as well as some beautiful bluebell-spotting opportunities in the UK . MailOnline Travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins . In Lisse , the Netherlands , the famed Keukenhof Gardens are a must-visit for all those looking to take in beautiful springtime blooms . Keukenhof Gardens , The Netherlands . Come celebrate the breathtaking awakening of daffodils , tulips and hyacinths in the picturesque town of Lisse , just an hour by train from Amsterdam . Known as one of the world 's most beautiful gardens , the local Keukenhof boasts seven million blooms , stunning waterways , windmills and even a petting zoo for children . Stroll along the park 's 15 kilometres of walking paths and explore the large indoor exhibition pavilions named after Dutch royals . Also located nearby is the Keukenof Castle , a Dutch manor built in the 17th century . Open between March 20 and May 17 each year , the Keukenof Gardens are home to seven million flowers , all of which are hand-planted . Visitors should note , however , that their window of opportunity to visit the park is limited . Still , despite the Keukenof Gardens being open only between March 20 to May 17 each year , the attraction sees more than one million visitors . This year , the 32-hectare park will pay tribute to the late Van Gogh with their curated , hand-planted floral designs . One of the Three Great Gardens of Japan , the Kenrouken in Kanazawa is known for their breathtaking cherry blossom blooms . Kanazawa , Japan . It 's hard to know just when the cherry blossoms will bloom in Japan each year , but in Kanazawa in the Ishikawa region of Japan , it 's traditionally during the first half of the month of April . Because the winter is generally cooler in the area , compared to Tokyo and Kyoto , it takes a bit longer for the blooms to thaw . The nearby Kenrokuen Garden , designated as a National Site of Historical Significance , is part of the Kanazawa Castle grounds and open the public free of charge for the two weeks surrounding the cherry blossom season . And be sure to stick around until sunset , as groundskeepers add fairy lights to the beautifully-hued trees in the evenings . If you 'd like to walk among the bluebells during their short yearly stay in the Hallerbos forest , you 'll have to time your visit perfectly . Hallerbos , Belgium . For those looking to walk among the Belgian bluebells , it 's a race against the clock . Admirers flock to the Hallerbos , a forest in Flemish Brabant , Belgium , in hopes of spotting the flowers during their short stay each spring . Making a sighting all the more tricky is that the flowers actually bloom at different times each year due to weather variations , although the website recommends a visit during the second half of April . The Extremadura region of Spain is home to the town of Caceres , which is described as the ` most unspoiled medieval town ' in Europe . Caceres , Spain . Described as the ` most unspoiled medieval town ' in Europe , the rolling plains of Caceres is never more beautiful than when in full springtime bloom . Head to the province in Extremadura , which has recently been given World Heritage status , to take in the local cherry blossoms and wander among the fields of lavender . And do n't miss out on a visit to the Jerte valley , which is famed for its two million cherry trees . The area 's rolling plains , and in particular the Jerte valley , are known for their cherry trees and fields of lavender . Each year , usually around the second week in March , the Jerte valley cherry trees cover the mountainside in an impressive blanket of white flowers . You 'll have to plan your visit wisely , however , as the special flowering period only lasts around 10 days . The Cherry Blossom Fiesta is held in the valley during the second week in March , as well , and includes exhibitions , musical performances and guided tours to the Los Infiernos Nature Reserve and the Cherry Museum . For those hoping to head to the Big Apple , there 's no better time to visit New York City than during the warm springtime months . Central Park , New York City . If you fancy a trip to the Big Apple , there 's no better time than during the glorious springtime months . In the summer , Manhattanites ditch the sweaty concrete jungle for reprieve in the Hamptons , but from April to June , bustling Central Park is the place to be for locals and newcomers alike . Since first opening in the 1857 , the park now sees more than 40 million visitors yearly , and while firmly entrenched on the tourist trail , there are plenty of places to explore off the beaten path . And , of course , no visit to New York is complete without a stroll through Central Park to take in the beautiful magnolia and tulip blossoms . Take a stroll through Shakespeare 's Garden , chock full of magnolia and tulip blossoms , located just off Central Park West near the American Museum of Natural History . Or soak up some sun in the wide open spaces of Sheep 's Meadow . There are plenty of places to get lost among the flowers in New York City 's 843-acre park , including the famed Conservatory Garden , with Italian , French and Spanish influences . The rolling hills of Northumberland light up in the early spring months thanks to the millions of vibrant , red poppies in the fields . Northumberland , England . Following a winter , rainy winter , the rolling hills of Northumberland begin to light up with the help of millions of vibrant , red poppies . One of the most popular places to spot the flower is at the ` Poison Garden ' exhibit at the Alnwick Gardens , the stunning outdoor complex adjacent to Alnwick Castle . Generally , poppies reach full bloom in late spring and early summer , meaning there 's plenty of time to book your escape to the countryside . Looking for a bit of Southern charm ? Head to Savannah , Georgia , and experience the area 's signature oak trees draped with Spanish moss . Savannah , Georgia . The American south provides the backdrop of every Nicholas Sparks film for a reason . Whether it 's the city 's signature live oak trees draped with Spanish moss or the beautiful spring blooms popping up in Forsyth Park , visitors are never far from a lush springtime treat . In fact , Savannah 's gorgeous greenery has even earned it the nickname , ` the Forest City , ' thanks in large part to the many species of oak trees in the area . Forsyth Park in the centre is full of gorgeous greenery in the spring months , earning the town the nickname of the ` Forest City ' In the summer , the temperatures rise to a sweltering 35 degrees Celsius , but in the spring , the city is truly at its best . Think : temperatures in the mild 20s , American comfort food and Georgia 's signature Southern hospitality . Plus , the charming architecture and bustling music and art scene will be sure to satisfy even the most discerning cultural palettes . Take in the sights of the Smithsonian and the Washington Monument -LRB- pictured -RRB- alongside pretty pink blossoms in Washington , D.C. Washington , D.C. For those who appreciate a bit of political commentary with their beautiful views , Washington D.C. is a must-visit this spring . Take in the sights of the Smithsonian , the White House and the Washington Monument , all while experiencing the stunning cherry blossom trees lining the Potomac River . And do n't miss the city 's famed National Cherry Blossom Festival , which celebrates the 1912 gift of 3,000 cherry trees from Mayor Yukio Ozaki of Tokyo . This year , the festival runs through April 12 . Texas bluebonnets cover the fields in the Hill Country area of the Lone Star State , made up of 25 different counties . Hill Country , Texas . There 's far more to the Lone Star State than simply delicious barbecue - though we do recommend a visit to The Salt Lick restaurant in nearby Driftwood - such as these impossibly beautiful springtime blooms . They say that everything is bigger in Texas and the state 's bluebonnets are no exception . The Texas Hill Country is a 25 county region in the Central and Southern part of the state , encompassing the capital city of Austin , and is known for its limestone and granite rocks . The area 's famed bluebonnets generally start blooming in mid-March , continuing into April , and if you 're lucky , you may even spot a calf . The area 's famed bluebonnets generally start blooming in mid-March and continue into April , though there are plenty of other varieties of flowers that appear later in the season . In Burnet , Texas , which is known as the ` Bluebonnet Capital ' by the state legislature , a festival takes place each year during the second weekend of April . Self-guided tours are available , though many travellers recommend simply stopping in to local cafes and shops and asking the owners where to go - no one knows the area better ! Head to south central England for a glimpse of vivid daffodils , primroses , magnolias , and the area 's signature delicate snowdrops . Cotswolds , England . Head to south central England in the spring for sightings of adorable baby lambs and vibrant wild daffodils , primroses and magnolias . For those looking for the area 's signature snowdrops , consider a trip to the Painswick Rococo Garden , set in a hidden Cotswold valley with stunning countryside views . If you prefer bluebells , there are plenty of wooded areas blanketed with the popular flower in the region . Bluebells carpet the forest floor in Chedowrth Wood , located in the Chedowrth Nature Reserve in Gloucestershire . Head to Chedworth Nature Reserve in Gloucestershire in late April or early May to experience the vivid blues , or stop off at Standish Wood in the Cotswold Hills . Both are great for those looking to see England 's famed carpets of bluebells and in Standish Wood , the Cotswold Way National Trail runs through the entire estate . Though the temperatures are warming up , April , in particular , is still quite rainy - this is England , after all - so prepare for your walks and excursions accordingly .