The Kardashians might be at the forefront of fashion trends , but apparently not the waist-trimmers , or ` girdles ' as Sophie Falkiner calls them . Australian TV presenter , model and mother of two , Sophie Falkiner reveals she 's been ahead of the trend , ten years before the Kardashians began Instagramming it . While Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new , slim figure , Falkiner says she discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago . Scroll down for video . Slim Sophie : Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians . Waist workout : Kim -LRB- left -RRB- and Khloe -LRB- right -RRB- Kardashian swear by corset-like waist trainers for slimming their waist . ` With any surgery , whether liposuction or trauma surgery , the surgeons all said it 's important to wear protective gear afterwards , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` So when you have a baby and have excess skin , all the surgeons in LA said that 's what they would recommend to their patients after having babies . ' ` Wearing girdles really worked for me . The thicker , the better , ' Falkiner has previously told Sydney Morning Herald . Bounce back : Jessica Alba also swore by girdles for getting back her pre-baby figure . Falkiner said that her sister , a nurse in Singapore , also noticed girdles were trending for quite some time in hospitals in Singapore as a common recommendation for women needing a protective layer after a c-section . ` I do n't believe in cinching in your waist just because , but I do believe in high-waisted , good old fashioned Spanx after having baby , ' she said . ` All my girlfriends who I 've told since to do it have managed to get their bodies back after three months and they now swear by it . ' Model mother : As a mother to two , Falkiner says having a tight Spanx like waist trimmer is key to her figure . While she says she is n't sure about the science behind it , she believes it definitely works - and Jessica Alba also swore by it for getting her pre-baby bod back too . So if she does , it 's definitely the real deal . ` Since then I 've passed the Spanx around to all my girlfriends having babies , ' she said . ` I do n't believe in starving yourself after , so while it takes a while to snap back in , you will feel better . And if you look good , you 'll feel good , ' says the trim , mother and presenter .