Sam Reese , a male model who recently appeared on Channel 4 's First Dates reality match-making show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme . The 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date Kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter . ` I could n't believe some of the reactions from people on Twitter , ' he told The Mirror . ` I had death threats , one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester I 'm dead . ' Sam Reese , a male model who recently appeared on Channel 4 's First Dates show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the program . Pictured , Sam with Hollyoaks star Stephanie Davis . ` Do n't split the bill on your first date for crying out loud , chivalry is still a thing ! ' wrote one man on Twitter . ` I bet he would n't leave a tip either , ' another speculated . Sam , who was reportedly seen ` cosying up ' with Hollyoaks star Stephanie Davis over the weekend , unsurprisingly admits his televised date was not a resounding success . ` It was a really expensive meal , like £ 350 , and I knew I was n't going to see her again , so what 's wrong with asking her to split the bill ? ' he said . Sam said , ` I could n't believe some of the reaction from people on Twitter . I had death threats , one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester I 'm dead ' He argued , ` It was a really expensive meal , like £ 350 , and I knew I was n't going to see her again , so what 's wrong with asking her to split the bill ? ' Sam also insisted that the show was ` edited ' to make him look ` bad ' , and said producers tried to paint him as a ` typical model . ' First Dates bills itself as ` an interactive documentary series on modern dating ' and follows singles as they meet for the first time over dinner . The next episode airs tomorrow night . After Sam asked his date to split the bill on the Channel 4 programme , Twitter users reacted with disgust .