Those surprised at Yaya Toure 's apparent desire to talk himself in to a transfer from Manchester City this week should not be . The Ivorian 's CV tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs . Toure , for example , left home as a teenager to play in the Belgian second division . Following that came some formative years playing for Metalurh Donetsk in eastern Ukraine . History also tells us that Toure , now almost 32 , never stays in one place too long . Equally , though , Toure 's rather clumsy statements of recent times should not be allowed to detract from his legacy at City and indeed in the Barclays Premier League . It looks likely Yaya Toure may leave Manchester City this summer but his legacy should be a positive one . Toure has struggled to impose himself upon games for City in the manner seen in previous seasons . Toure 's time at City is defined as a success , bringing two Premier League titles to the Etihad . It looks extremely likely that he will leave England this summer . Toure has started to play and sound like an unhappy footballer , the social alliance he has formed with the Etihad 's enfant terrible Samir Nasri hardly helping . If and when he does go , though , it is for his extraordinary contribution on the field -- and not the unfortunate noise that has started to surround him - for which he should be remembered . At his club , Toure has been fundamental to City 's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions . Back in 2010 , he arrived as a statement signing - a £ 24m fee and £ 1m a month -- for a club determined to accelerate its own learning curve . It worked and , on a wider scale , he has simply been one of the most watchable footballers our league has ever seen in its modern form . I once asked a member of City 's coaching staff if there was anybody quicker at the club than Micah Richards . He replied : ` Yes , Yaya . Not over the first few yards but when he gets going he is unstoppable . He 's like a truck heading downhill without the brakes . ' Premier League defenders would testify to that but there was always more to him . Toure possesses an intelligent football brain , the vision required of all top class central players and a sureness of touch . He has also had a demeanour that has allowed him the confidence to play just about anywhere on the field . This , remember , is a man who played as a central defender in a Champions League final against Manchester United . The first time he had ever played that position , he faced off with Cristiano Ronaldo as Barcelona won in Rome in 2009 . ` We had a good team so it was not that hard for me that night , ' Toure told this newspaper in December 2011 . Toure -LRB- right -RRB- demonstrated his versatily by shackling Cristiano Ronaldo in the 2009 Champions League final . Midfield player Toure -LRB- left -RRB- signed for City for a fee of £ 24million from Barcelona in 2010 . Mark Hughes , the then City boss , begun a plan to sign Kolo Toure in an attempt to entice Yaya along . In that same interview , Toure admitted that he liked to listen to Whitney Houston in his car on the way to training . ` That other music makes my head hurt , ' he laughed . A detail that had been leaked rather mischievously by his brother Kolo , it pointed to a relationship that went straight to the heart of Toure 's presence at the Etihad Stadium . Though he did n't arrive at City until five summers ago , City 's pursuit of Toure had actually started eighteen months earlier in the January window of 2009 . Stunned by a home FA Cup defeat to Nottingham Forest , City 's then manager Mark Hughes presented the club 's board with a list of transfer targets . Toure , then in his Barcelona pomp , was on it and so , cleverly , was his brother . The plan was straight forward . Sign Kolo and maybe Yaya would follow . The two brothers -- as close as could be -- had always wanted to play together domestically and Kolo 's subsequent recruitment from Arsenal in the summer of 2009 was the trigger for the arrival of Yaya a year later . Sadly for Hughes , sacked at Christmas later that year , he was n't around to see his plan come together . Nevertheless , Yaya 's arrival remains one of the pivotal moments in the development of the modern Manchester City . The plan worked , with both Ivory Coast players gradually signing , but Hughes had been sacked by then . Toure -LRB- left -RRB- is a quiet figure away from the field and refuted reports of a fall-out with Mario Balotelli . Toure -LRB- centre -RRB- led City to the Premier League title 2012 and inspired an important victory at Newcastle . Away from the field , the lumbering Toure has always been a relatively gentle soul . When he ordered a 50inch TV from a store in South Manchester soon after his arrival in the area , he was immediately told by wife Gineba to return it . It was simply too big -- she said -- which was interesting given that on the same day she had taken delivery of a dressing table with Swarovski diamonds embedded in the drawer handles . When , in April 2012 , Toure was accused in print of arguing with Mario Balotelli during half-time of a game against Sunderland he invited Sportsmail to talk to him . ` I love Mario , ' he said . ` I am going to take him on holiday to Africa . ' That trip never took place but on the field Toure fulfilled the promises he made when he arrived . A winning goal in an FA Cup semi-final against Manchester United in 2011 was followed by another , against Stoke City , in the final . City were up and running and when Toure scored from 30 yards at Newcastle a year later , a first Premier League title was on its way . For a while , he was almost unstoppable . Toure -LRB- left -RRB- also led City to FA Cup glory in 2011 with a decisive goal against United in the semi-final . Toure also scored City 's winning goal against Stoke City in the FA Cup final in 2011 . Toure delivered the trophies that he was brought in to do and will be missed at City when he departs . This season , Toure has not been at his best . He has , at times , looked his age . His manager Manuel Pellegrini has n't always helped by asking him to play as part of a holding two in midfield when it has been apparent for a while that he is now most effective as a modern day number ten , free of defensive obligations . City still win lots of games when Toure starts , though . They will miss him when he goes . The footprints he leaves behind will be deep ones .