Students at a school in Memphis were suspended after sharing a mugshot of their teacher on Instagram . Children posted the police picture of eighth grade teacher Tiffany Jackson on social media on Friday , after she was arrested for driving with an invalid licence . When the authorities of Highland Oaks Middle School in Tennessee realised the image had been shared online , they suspended three of the students for three days . Eighth grade teacher Tiffany Jackson was arrested by police for driving while her licence was suspended . Students at the Memphis school where she teaches were suspended after sharing this mugshot online . Parent Shanna Richardson told WMC Action News said her son , who re-posted the picture , was one of the pupils taken out of school for sharing the mugshot . School officials justified suspended the students by saying they had demonstrated an ` inappropriate use of electronic media ' , but later overturned the decision . Ms Richardson said her son had apologised to the teacher and she thought it was unfair that he had been singled out . ` My son went to her and talked to her to make her feel better , and explained how he deleted it , '' she said . ` He still got punished and that 's what makes me upset . ' ` It 's public information , put it that way . You can see it on social media or you can see it in a magazine , ' she added . Officials at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis , Tennessee , said the children had demonstrated an ` inappropriate use of electronic media ' . but later overturned the suspensions following a backlash . On the ` Cell Phone Policy ' listed on the school 's website and written by the Shelby County Board of Education , it says the increased use of mobile phones is a ` distraction ' to the school environment . It adds : ` These devices are being used by students as a means of cheating on tests , taking inappropriate pictures and video of students and staff for sharing and posting across the internet , threatening and/or bullying other students , and engaging in an excessive amount of social interaction during instructional time . ' The policy bans pupils from having a mobile phone on during the school day , and says children who flout the rules will have the devices confiscated . ` Additional consequence ' - such as suspension - could follow . It is not known whether the pupils were using their mobile phones in school to post the images . The ` cell phone policy ' says the increased use of mobile phones in schools is a ` distraction ' to teaching , and could be used to ` take inappropriate pictures and video of students and staff for sharing . . across the internet '