The Archbishop of Canterbury has hailed the victims of the massacre at a Kenyan university earlier this week as martyrs during his Easter Sunday sermon . Speaking at Canterbury Cathedral today , the Most Rev Justin Welby said the 148 mainly Christian victims of Thursday 's brutal mass-murders were ` witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word . ' Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter 's Square in the Vatican , where he also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power , calling it a ` step toward a more secure and fraternal world . ' Religious holiday : The Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby delivers his sermon during the Easter Day service at Canterbury Cathedral , Kent . ` Martyrs ' : The Most Rev Justin Welby said the nearly 150 victims of the university massacre in Kenya were ` witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word ' Religious leader : Pope Francis waves before delivering his ` Urbi et Orbi ' -LRB- to the city and the world -RRB- message , where he prayed for an end to the persecution of Christians , from the balcony overlooking St. Peter 's Square after Easter Mass . Long wait : Thousands had gathered in St Peter 's Square to hear the Pope , despite heavy rain and thunderstorms on Sunday morning . The Archbishop said Christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer and support persecuted communities , with love and goodness and generosity . And he said : ` To witness is to be a martyr . I am told by the Coptic Bishop in England that the Coptic Christians murdered in Libya last month died proclaiming that Jesus Christ is Lord . They are martyrs , a word that means both one that dies for their faith and one that witnesses to faith . ` There have been so many martyrs in the last year . On Maundy Thursday , three days ago , around 150 Kenyans were killed because of being Christian . They are witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word . ' He added : ` These martyrs too are caught up in the resurrection : their cruel deaths , the brutality of their persecution , their persecution is overcome by Christ himself at their side because they share his suffering , at their side because he rose from the dead . ` Because of the resurrection of Jesus from the dead the cruel are overcome , evil is defeated , martyrs conquer . ' Pope Francis delivers his Easter message from the central loggia of St Peters ' basilica after the Easter Mass . Waving to his fans : Pope Francis greets the crowd from the popemobile after leading Easter Mass in the Vatican . Popular pope : Dozens of Catholics hold up their smartphones and tablets , some grasping ` selfie sticks ' , to get a snap of the pontiff . Holy ceremony : Pope Francis swings an incense burner as he presides over the traditional Easter Sunday Mass in St. Peter 's Square . Waiting for the pope : Hundreds of worshipers wait in the rain for Pope Francis ' arrival to the Easter Mass in St. Peter 's Square at the Vatican . This is part of Pope Francis ` Urbi et Orbi ' Easter message , which he delivered Sunday : . ` We ask for peace , above all , for Syria and Iraq , that the roar of arms may cease and that peaceful relations may be restored among the various groups which make up those beloved countries . May the international community not stand by before the immense humanitarian tragedy unfolding in these countries and the drama of the numerous refugees . ` We pray for peace for all the peoples of the Holy Land . May the culture of encounter grow between Israelis and Palestinians and the peace process be resumed , in order to end years of suffering and division . ` We implore peace for Libya , that the present absurd bloodshed and all barbarous acts of violence may cease , and that all concerned for the future of the country may work to favor reconciliation and to build a fraternal society respectful of the dignity of the person . For Yemen too we express our hope for the growth of a common desire for peace , for the good of the entire people . ` At the same time , in hope we entrust to the merciful Lord the framework recently agreed to in Lausanne , that it may be a definitive step toward a more secure and fraternal world . We ask the risen Lord for the gift of peace for Nigeria , South Sudan and for the various areas of Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . May constant prayer rise up from all people of goodwill for those who lost their lives - I think in particular of the young people who were killed last Thursday at Garissa University College in Kenya - , for all who have been kidnapped , and for those forced to abandon their homes and their dear ones . Earlier today , thousands of worshippers braved thunder and rain to see Pope Francis lead Easter Sunday Mass in St. Peter 's Square , the Vatican this morning . The iconic square had turned into a sea of umbrellas as a large crowd of Catholic faithful gathered to see the Pope lead the service in the enclave in Rome . The pontiff himself was shielded from the pelting rain by a canopy outside St. Peter 's Basilica , while prelates carried umbrellas in the yellow and white colors of the Vatican . Following days of warm temperatures and sunshine , Rome was lashed by thunderstorms early on Sunday , and the faithful wore rain slickers and held umbrellas during mass . . Afterwards , Pope Francis delivered a mostly sombre and grim ` Urbi et Orbi ' -LRB- to the city and the world -RRB- message , where he prayed for an end to the persecution of Christians , commemorating the students massacred by Islamist militants at Garissa University in Kenya . ` We ask Jesus , the victor over death , to lighten the sufferings of our many brothers and sisters who are persecuted for his name , and of all those who suffer injustice as a result of ongoing conflicts and violence - and there are many , ' he said . The pope spoke from the central balcony of St. Peter 's Basilica as churches in Kenya , where al-Shabaab gunmen massacred nearly 150 people , singling out Christians for point-blank executions , turned to armed guards to protect their congregations on the most important day of the Christian liturgical year . Marking the third Easter since his election in 2013 , the pope maintained an Easter vigil tradition by baptising late entries into the Church . ` May constant prayer rise up from all people of goodwill for those who lost their lives - I think in particular of the young people who were killed last Thursday at Garissa University College in Kenya - for all who have been kidnapped , and for those forced to abandon their homes and their dear ones . ' Marking the third Easter since his election in 2013 , the pontiff prayed for peace in Syria , Iraq and Yemen , Sudan , South Sudan , the Democratic Republic of Congo and Nigeria , where Boko Haram Islamist militants have also targeted Christian churches . ` We ask for peace and freedom for the many men and women subject to old and new forms of enslavement on the part of criminal individuals and groups , ' he said . ` Peace and liberty for the victims of drug dealers , who are often allied with the powers who ought to defend peace and harmony in the human family . ` And we ask peace for this world subjected to arms dealers , who make their money from the blood of men and women ' he said . The pontiff also made a nod to the recent deal reached in Switzerland last week between Iran and the international community on a framework for a nuclear accord . ` In hope we entrust to the merciful Lord the framework recently agreed to in Lausanne , that it may be a definitive step toward a more secure and fraternal world . Pope Francis blesses the altar during the Easter mass in St. Peter 's square at the Vatican . Holy leader : Pope Francis leads the Easter mass in St. Peter 's square at the Vatican . Sea of umbrellas : Worshippers covered themselves in every way possible to stay dry in the heavy rain on Sunday morning . Patient : Nuns wait under heavy rain before the Easter Mass was due to start at St Peter 's square early Sunday morning . March of the army : A procession of Italian soldiers perform ceremonial duties before the Easter Mass at St Peter 's square . All for the pope : Many had been waiting since the early hours to see the pope lead Mass in the Vatican .