A beautiful sunny evening and I am having a drink in the garden with friends . All is right with the world , apart from one thing -- my head is itching horribly . Without thinking , I scratch behind my ear , then near the crown , before my fingers move to my neck -- where I can feel a smattering of small bites . I do n't just want to scratch , I want to rake my nails across my scalp and draw blood . Feelings of well-being evaporate and my stomach lurches . I edge away from my unsuspecting friends . Daisy Goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then . It 's happened again . I have nits . I make my excuses and sneak inside to scrape my hair into a ponytail . I am desperate for my guests to leave so I can take out my nit lotion and special comb to get rid of the varmits . Through the bathroom window , I can see my teenage daughter laughing with a couple of friends , all of them shaking their glossy , waist-length hair . My eyes narrow , those flowing locks are the enemy -- a breeding ground for the bane of my life : pediculus humanus capitis , or head lice -LRB- a nit is the egg sac laid by the female louse on the hair shaft of their human hosts -RRB- . I have had nits at least 100 times . Never as a child , but as an adult it has been one infestation after another . I should stress I wash my hair pretty much every day and have no other body-borne parasites , such as fleas -- but my scalp is El Dorado for lice . My first experience was at 19 when I was studying at Cambridge . I had just been home , visiting my two sisters who were still at primary school . A week later I was sitting in the university library opposite a boy I had a crush on . Our eyes met , he smiled , I grinned back then scratched my head . I heard something hit the paper I was taking notes on , and there on the page of white A4 was an object the size of an eyelash , with six wriggling legs . Dais -LRB- pictured as a child -RRB- says she was never affected by head lice when she was younger , only getting them for the first time when she was 19 . It was my first sighting of a live louse . I ran to the nearest chemist and doused my head with the industrial-strength chemicals that were then usual treatment for nits . I did n't tell anyone , I was too embarrassed , but made sure the next time I saw my sisters I kept them at arm 's length . I do n't know if the boy in the library saw the nit fall from my head -- in my memory it was the size of a small mouse -- but somehow I never found myself sitting opposite him again . In retrospect , I think he may have been giving me a wide berth . After a few nit-free years in my early 20s , my relationship with the parasites resumed when I became a mother . It 's a rite of passage for most parents of primary school children . The note comes home with them in the homework folder , announcing that nits have been found in the class and would parents please check their children 's heads for the critters and treat them accordingly ? Easier said than done , as nits are masters of disguise -- it takes 20:20 vision or a very high-powered magnifying glass to spot a live one . It 's much easier to pinpoint the eggs , tell-tale white flecks that cling to the hair shaft . Daisy -LRB- pictured -RRB- was lucky to have a few nit-free years in her early twenties but did n't escape the parasites entirely as they returned when she had children . My eldest daughter began school in 1996 , and a nit invasion swiftly followed . They leapt with enthusiasm from her head to mine , and back again -- completely ignoring the head of my husband -- leading me to spend a small fortune on louse-busting treatments . This sector of the pharmaceutical market is worth £ 185 million a year in the UK , and I know why . As those who have experienced it know , nit-combing is the closest most mums get to being a gorilla , grooming its offspring for fleas . When my daughters were young -LRB- they are now 24 and 14 -RRB- I would regularly grab them by their lustrous locks and scrutinise their scalps for those tiny flecks . ` Oh Mum , ' they would complain , ` lay off , there 's nothing there . ' But I knew better . I had seen the scratching and I could feel the prickle on my own scalp . Their heads and mine were five-star hotels for head lice and no sooner had I eliminated one nit invasion , another would follow . Daisy -LRB- pictured as a child -RRB- says you can win the battle with headlice but you can never win the war . Nits are the Forth Bridge of infestations , no sooner have you spent a good half-day combing the hair of a wriggling eight-year-old , than you have to do it all over again , and again and again . I have tried everything , and I mean everything to get rid of them . Chemicals , suffocation , endless combing -- there was even a point where I made my daughters put on hats when they came home from school so I would n't get them . But there is no way to avoid them . The only thing I have n't done is to shave their heads -- or mine . You can win the battle against head lice with nit combs and conditioner and weekly combings , but you can never , ever win the war . Relax your vigilance for a millisecond and they are back . Christmas is peak time for nits in my experience -- all that conviviality is party-time for the critters . Over the past ten years , I must have spent at least five festive mornings hovering over my daughters with a nit comb , squeaking with horror as I extract yet another fat troublesome specimen from their hair . Pretty much every foreign holiday I have taken in 15 years has involved one shaming incident where I have to mime the action of headlice in a foreign chemist 's shop -- in Italy they are called pidocchi , in Germany , kopflause . What the Thai word for them is I do not know , but I do know that scratching your head in a Bangkok chemist will give you some pretty powerful stuff . I once missed a New Year 's Eve party in France because the local pharmacist told me to douse my head in olive oil overnight and then wash it off with Coca-Cola . Desperate for a solution , I followed her advice and ended up with hedgehog hair that took a week to return to normal . The worst experience was a holiday in Ireland with my best friend who has a head of expensively highlighted hair . After a week with me and my daughters , her head started to itch . The only remedy available in the pharmacy at Schull , Co Cork , was so pungent it turned her ash tints a dull green . We are still friends -- just . I thought that when my second daughter left primary school four-and-a-half years ago my nit ordeal would end , but no -- it appears head lice are just as virulent among teens as they are among younger children . My nephews and nieces have become resigned to their aunt doing a quick once over when they visit -- if I could install the head lice equivalent of a sheep dip , believe me I would . Daisy -LRB- pictured -RRB- thought she was safe when her youngest daughter left primary school but it seems that headlice are just as virulent among teens as they are among younger children . When my daughters were young , I would quite often have a quick snoop over the scalps of their visiting friends just to check . Sadly , that is n't an option with teenagers -- peering at adolescent scalps is a human rights issue . Understandably , I have accumulated quite a bit of knowledge about nits in my near 30-year relationship with them . I have discovered , for example , that not many grown men seem to get them . Could that be a hormonal thing or is it because men do n't get down with the kids as much as women -LRB- nits ca n't fly but they can jump downwards , so you never want to sit below a potentially nit-infested child -RRB- . In New York , the louse-infested head straight to the nit pickers of Crown Heights -- Hasidic Jews who comb every hair until they have eliminated them . Over here , there is a thriving service called The Hairforce , which will come to your house and de-infest the whole family . But it 's not cheap -LRB- close to £ 1,500 for a family of four , including two home visits -RRB- and if you get them as often as I do , you would be bankrupt . According to Richard J. Pollack , the only failsafe solution is to avoid all physical contact with other people as the nits can only jump a very short distance from head-to-head . My only comfort has been assuming that my attractiveness to head lice is something to do with having super-powerful feminine pheromones , which made me irresistible to both men and the pesky pediculus genus . Yet according to Richard J. Pollack , senior environmental public health officer at Harvard University , that is not the case . Head lice do not discriminate , he insists : ` Scalp hair is a prerequisite . Being alive is another -- they wo n't infest corpses . Head lice only infest human beings . ' Pollack says regular infestation in adults is rare , happening in less than 1 per cent of cases . His website , identify.us.com , has all the latest research on nits . But even he ca n't explain why I 'm a nit magnet . The only failsafe solution , he says , is to avoid all physical contact with other people ; nits can only jump a very short distance from head-to-head . Of course , now I have told the world about my nit problem , that might not be a problem !