It 's enough to pay for a small home extension -- and if Jennifer Drew carries on like this , she might well need one . The mother-of-one has saved £ 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons . And she has now accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage . Mrs Drew , 31 , is so keen on a bargain she even bags items she does not need and gives them away to friends . Scroll down for video . Mother-of-one Jennifer Drew has saved £ 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons . Among the hoard of products -- many of which were bought through multi-buy deals -- are 20 bottles of mouthwash , 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo , and stacks of dog and cat food , even though Mrs Drew and her husband , 33-year-old plasterer Neil , do not have a pet . The frugal English teacher estimates she saves £ 70 each week on food , and once even managed to get a weekly shop worth £ 140 for just 29p . Mrs Drew , who uses newspaper coupons as well as voucher websites such as Wowcher and Groupon , said : ` I ca n't imagine life without coupons and , to be honest , I do n't understand why no one else is cashing in . ` Once you get to grips with the process , it 's very simple . What people do n't realise is that a bit of research can save hundreds of pounds . ' The 31-year-old has bagged so many bargains that she has even dedicated the garage at her home in Ashby-de-la-Zouch , Leicestershire , to stockpiling extra products -LRB- above -RRB- . Mrs Drew , pictured with son Nicholas -LRB- left -RRB- , estimates that she saves £ 70 on her weekly shop by using coupons and money-saving websites - and once managed to buy a week 's worth of food for 29p . Mrs Drew 's obsession with couponing started when she was pregnant with her son Nicholas , now two . She suffered severe insomnia and while watching TV at night she stumbled across American reality show Extreme Couponing , which follows savvy shoppers as they find bargains . Mrs Drew , from Ashby-de-la-Zouch , Leicestershire , said : ` I thought I 'd give it a try . By the time Neil came down for work , I 'd saved more money than I 'd earn in a full day 's pay . ' Not long after , Mr Drew was made redundant and , with a new arrival on the way , the couple were facing huge cutbacks . Mrs Drew said that when she began shopping for the baby she would bring home bags ` stuffed to the brim and Neil would look on in horror ' . ` He panicked and thought I was spending a fortune but did n't realise how far my coupons had gone , ' she said . ` He could n't believe that I had saved so much money until I showed him the receipt . ' She added : ` I get a real buzz every time I save money . It 's like an addiction . ' Mrs Drew now spends around an hour a day during the week , and three hours on Saturday and Sunday , searching the internet for the best deals . For a few months last year , she ran free classes at her local library and ` fully trained ' around 20 people in using coupons .