An elderly man who was bitten by a crocodile while playing golf has defended the creature who attacked him , claiming the 1.2 metre reptile was more frightened than he was and that the spat was partially the golfer 's own fault . The victim , John Lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital , swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile at politician Clive Palmer 's Port Douglas golf course . On Monday afternoon , the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course , causing the croc to swiftly retaliate . ` I drove the cart around to retrieve the ball - and I did n't see the croc sunbaking just on the edge of the water , ' Mr Lahiff told ABC News . Scroll down for video . The victim , John Lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital , swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile . On Monday afternoon , the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course , causing the croc to swiftly retaliate . The golfer received puncture wounds on his leg and foot , including one down to the bone . ` I walked past it and then it got me on the way back and as soon as it grabbed me it took off into the water . ' He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot , including one down to the bone . ` I did n't feel a thing , ' Mr Lahiff told Ninemsn . ` The only pain I had was last night when they were sticking needles into me . ' Incredibly Mr Lahiff , who had been playing alone , was still able to drive his golf buggy back up to the clubhouse to seek medical assistance . ` It 's partly my fault ... for disturbing it while it was sunbaking , ' he said . ` I think he got more of a fright than me . He 's alright . ' Mr Lahiff says he has no qualms about returning to the green , explaining he will be sure to steer clear of crocodiles in future and ensure he does n't hit balls in the water . Incredibly Mr Lahiff , who had been playing alone , was still able to drive his golf buggy back up to the clubhouse to seek medical assistance . Mr Lahiff says he has no qualms about returning to the green , explaining he will be sure to steer clear of crocodiles in future and ensure he does n't hit balls in the water . The 70-year-old man was playing golf on Monday at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course , owned by Clive Palmer . Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer , who owns the golf course , gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future . ` I 'd advise people not to step on crocodiles , ' he said . ` I suppose you can understand how it would respond to having someone step on its back . ' He also took to his Twitter account following the incident to send his well wishes to the injured man . ` I would like to wish the well-known local man who was attacked by a crocodile in Port Douglas this afternoon a speedy recovery , ' Mr Palmer tweeted . But hours later , the billionaire posted a bizarre joke : ` Crocodile has been removed from all menus at Palmer properties following today 's incident with a member of our Port Douglas Golf Course . ' The tweets followed after emergency services were called to the course after reports of a man being bitten on the leg shortly after 4 pm . A Queensland Ambulance Service spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia the man suffered puncture wounds on his left calf . The man , who was a member at the golf course , was treated by paramedics at the scene before he was taken to Mossman District Hospital in a stable condition . Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer posted his well wishes to the injured man on his Twitter account . Mr Palmer took to his Twitter account to send his well wishes to the man following the incident . A Department of Environment and Heritage Protection spokesperson told ABC News it was not unusual to see crocodiles in the area . ` Crocodiles are known to be in the area and access the golf course via creeks , and as such , warning signs are in place , ' the spokesperson said . ` It is not the first time a crocodile has been removed from a golf course in the region . ' Queensland Ambulance has confirmed an elderly man was bitten on the leg by a crocodile on Monday . An elderly man has reportedly been attacked by a crocodile while he was playing golf in Queensland . Emergency services were called about 4 pm and treated the man at the scene before taking him to hospital .