A bartender and model has filed a civil lawsuit against the police , claiming officers used excessive force during her arrest when they slammed her to the ground , breaking four bones in her face . Megan Sheehan , of San Francisco , said that camera footage of Bay Area Rapid Transit officers and Oakland Police conflict with what police say happened the night she was knocked unconscious at Santa Rita Jail . She had been arrested and booked at the Santa Rita Jail for suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication on St. Patrick 's Day of 2014 . Megan Sheehan , of San Francisco , was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at Santa Rita Jail . Sheehan claims that camera footage of Bay Area Rapid Transit officers and Oakland Police conflict with what police say happened - that she was guided to the ground after ` violently punching ' Security and body camera footage shows Sheehan being booked into the jail after a night of heavy drinking when two officers grab Sheehan 's arms and slam her to the ground . Sheehan , who said she 's psychologically still recovering from the attack , suffered severe facial injuries and was left bloodied , lying on the ground after the incident . She said that she is embarrassed with how drunk she was the night she was arrested , but that did n't warrant the force the police used . ` I should have never gotten that drunk , but also there are ways to detain someone and not break their face , ' she told ABC . Sheehan was arrested by a BART officer , which she said she deserved because she was being drunk and belligerent . She was intoxicated , ` verbally argumentative ' and did n't appear to be able to take care of herself , BART Police who found her sitting on a bench inside a station said , according to SF Gate . In the right side of the video frame , Sheehan can be seen being grabbed by two officers who take her to the ground . She then loses consciousness and police call for medical assistance . As Sheehan lies unconscious in a pool of her own blood , medical staff and an officer try to tend to her injuries . Medical staff were called after a woman behind the jail counter asked if Sheehan was ` down ' , and officers told her ` you might want medical ' , according to body camera footage . She had to be taken to the ground to be handcuffed and she hit an officer in the shoulder as well as kicked him in the face , police said . She was booked on resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication . Sheehan was taken to Santa Rita jail in Dublin , where her handcuffs were removed so she could remove her jewelry . She was ` initially compliant ' , but after she was told she could n't bring a hair tie into the jail , she threw it at one of the officers . She then ` inexplicably ' started looking through her purse and did n't stop when asked to do so , BART police said . Officer Nolan Pianta put her in an ` arm bar control hold to gain compliance ' , but she resisted and tried ` violently punching ' , the police report said . Sheehan said she is embarrassed by how drunk she got the night of the incident and that she deserved to be arrested . But she added that her drunkenness should n't warrant the police to be as forceful as they were . Sheehan , a bartender and model , filed her lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco . She names BART and Officer Pianta as defendants . She was then ` guided ' to the ground by BART and Oakland Police officers , the report said . But Sheehan claims she was forcefully slammed to the ground and left severely injured . Surveillance footage shows Sheehan being grabbed by two officers and being taken to the ground head first . She lost consciousness , suffered four broken cheek bones , a split molar and a cracked front tooth , according to SF Gate . ` They knew by throwing her to the ground without having her hands available to break the fall , that she was going to suffer serious head injuries , ' Sheehan 's attorney John Scott told ABC . He added that she was uncooperative , and that he believes the excessive force was intentional . Sheehan was arrested by BART officers in a transit station on St Patrick 's Day of 2014 . She booked into the jail for suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication after a night of heavy drinking . Sheehan said it took her a long time to recover from her injuries physically , and psychologically , she still has yet to fully recover . ` In police jargon , she flunked the attitude test , ' Scott said , claiming that Sheehan was being ` taught a lesson ' . Sheehan was treated by nurses in the station and was taken to the hospital . She said it look a long time to recover physically and she is still recovering psychologically . She is seeking unspecified damages in her suit , filed in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco . She names BART and Pianta as defendants . Attorneys for BART said in court papers that no wrongdoing occurred and that Sheehan was partially responsible for the injuries she sustained . Sheehan was treated by nurses at the jail before she was taken to the hospital . She suffered four broken cheek bones , a split molar and a cracked front tooth .