A 47 stone -LRB- 660 lb -RRB- woman who was so immobile she needed her husband 's help to go to the toilet has revealed how he prevented her from losing weight . Despite being morbidly obese , Bettie Jo , from Houston , Texas , lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce , and was unable to care for herself , meaning Josh had to do everything for her . But Josh has admitted he did n't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight because he feared if she became slimmer , she would n't need him anymore , in My 600 lb Life , which airs tonight on TLC . Scroll down for video . At 47 stone -LRB- 660 lb -RRB- Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs . Bettie Jo now weighs 35st 8 lbs -LRB- 500 lbs -RRB- . Shedding 11st means she is now mobile and can stand up on her own . Bettie Jo , who now weighs 35st 8 lbs -LRB- 500 lbs -RRB- thanks to surgery , reveals on the show that Josh had become her ` caretaker ' - helping her go to the toilet and into the shower , and putting powder between her rolls of flesh afterwards to stop her skin from chafing . She said that the pair 's relationship had become ` slim to none ' . She added : ` Being that size was miserable . I was always in pain . My weight was killing me . I could n't do anything on my own . ` My husband Josh had to help me take a shower and wipe my butt . It was humiliating . He had to be the caretaker . ` My marriage with Josh was really difficult too because my weight prevented me having a real marriage . Josh had to be my caretaker . ' ` Our intimacy was slim to none . We 'd been together for so long sometimes I thought , `` Am I with you because I love you or because you 're the one person who looks after me . '' ' ` I hated myself . I hated my life . I was so tired of being that way . ' Before her surgery Bettie Jo was reliant on husband Josh to tend her every need . Josh was in charge of the shopping and meals and kept Bettie Jo fed with unhealthy foods . But despite the deadly weight , Bettie Jo was living on a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce . ` I knew my body was getting to its limits . When I was five I started to become a chunky kid but I just got on with it , ' she said . ` But when I was 13 my life totally changed . I was sexually assaulted . ` I 'd always been happy go lucky but after that I did n't like myself . I was angry and depressed and started eating more . ` I thought that if I was bigger I could protect myself . I met Josh right after I turned 17 . I was 400 lbs by then and could hardly walk . ` I hated myself , I hated everything so I tried to kill myself and then I got put into hospital . ' Although Bettie Jo lived through her suicide attempt , seven years later at the age of 24 , she felt life was slipping through her fingers . ` I was hardly existing . I never went out . Going out is not so easy when you 're over 600 lbs . Bettie Jo and Josh shopping after her weight loss : She now buys lots of protein and checks labels for calories . ` I wanted to have some freedom again and I knew my weight was keeping me from that . ` I hated going out in public all the time because I could n't stand peoples reactions . I felt judged , that people were saying : `` Look at that fat girl '' . ' ` But I knew it was something I 'd done to myself through what I ate . I was raised with country home cooking and I loved fried , mash potatoes , crisps I just love food . ' But husband Josh now admits he did not help Bettie Jo 's weight loss . ` I thought if she lost weight she would n't need me anymore.I did n't want her dropping weight and leaving me . ' But Bettie Jo was determined to make a change . ` I did n't want to waste my life just sitting in a chair . I wanted to have a career , have a baby . I wanted to grow old . ` I knew if I did n't change I was going to die . When pain has destroyed your life it can take something just as painful to restore it . ' Desperate for a solution , Bettie Jo and Josh went to a Houston bariatric surgeon . ` Every other surgeon had turned me away so I did n't want to get my hopes up . ' At 5ft 2in Bettie Jo 's ideal weight is 8st 8 lbs -LRB- 120 lbs -RRB- but her doctor predicted that at almost 47 stone -LRB- 660 lb -RRB- she was unlikely to get to 30 . He set Bettie Jo the task of losing two stone -LRB- 28 lbs -RRB- to demonstrate she was capable of losing weight before he could agree to surgery . He also raised concerns about Josh 's role as the feeder in their relationship , which he said would have to change . Bettie Jo used to love pizza and anything containing potato - chips , crisps and mashed potato . ` I needed Josh to help me , says Bettie Jo . ` I knew if we did n't do it as a team I 'm would n't make it . I did n't want to die young . ' Bettie Jo and Josh moved to Houston to be closer to the doctor and set about a weight-loss mission . ` I had to break a lot of old habits , ' she said . ` I ate smaller potions -- a lot smaller than before . They did n't fill me up but I hoped once I had surgery I would n't have the hunger pains . ` Josh was a big help -- he was careful about the food he bought . ` I also tried to exercise . The first time I managed to ab crunches I was pretty excited , ' she says , even though she still had to them from a sitting position on the couch . But as Bettie Jo gained independence , Josh grappled with the change and worried he was becoming dispensable . ` He wanted to be needed - that was his primary concern , ' she said . It took several months for Bettie Jo to drop the weight and be scheduled for surgery . ` I could n't believe someone was finally helping me and that I was going to get the surgery . I ca n't wait to get my life back , ' she said . ` The operation went well but my first night after surgery but Josh was n't there when I woke up . It made me a little scared because I needed him more than ever . I knew if I did n't have his support . I would n't be able to do this . ` The first month went but it was n't as easy as I 'd hoped . Josh was preparing my meals and did n't necessarily want to follow the doctor 's instructions . Five month after the surgery Bettie Jo had trouble breathing and was rushed to hospital . ` I felt like I was having a heartache . I kept blacking out . I 'd never felt like that before , ' she said . The doctor found she had not lost any weight since the surgery and warned her over-eating was affecting her lung function to the point that she was not too far from dying . But it was the wake up call Bettie Jo and Josh needed . The doctor insisted they see a therapist to get the diet on track . Josh admits : ` I used to take care of her but when she started being able to move around herself after the surgery that really scared me because . I do n't want her to leave me . She 's the only woman I 've ever loved . In the supermarket with having shed teh wight , Bettie Jo looks for the ` light ' options . It forced Bettie Jo to confront relationship issue too : ` I had n't been touched . We did n't have intimate time . It was partly Josh 's fault and partly because I did n't want it . ` But therapy helped us discover that we still care so much about each other . This whole process has told us that . ' Now ten months after the surgery Bettie Jo weighs 35st 8 lbs -LRB- 500 lbs -RRB- , and is proud of the progress she 's made . ` One thing I wanted to do is help other people but when you 're 47 stone -LRB- 660 lb -RRB- you need everyone to help you . So now I 'm volunteering to put food bag together for needy children . ` To be able to help others make me feel more of a person . I 'm also working on my relationship with Josh . ` Josh and I had never been on a date . I 've always been so big I could never really go out . ` And so thankfully this process has show me just how much I love him - and how mush he loves me . ` Our grocer shopping changed lots too . We look at labels and look at what I can and ca n't eat . I 'm getting things with a lot more protein . ` I feel like a different person . ` I have a long way to go but I now know I can do it because I have Josh . And I have hope for the first time in along while . ' My 600 lb Life , airs tonight on TLC .