This is the terrifying moment an SUV hurtled head-on into a school bus full of students on Monday morning . Footage taken from the bus 's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph . It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median . The clip , obtained by News On 6 , ends abruptly as the two vehicles collide . Horrifying : The red Dodge Durango can be seen hurtling at 60 mph towards the school bus on an Oklahoma highway at 8.20 am as 36 7th grade students are being driven to school . Screams : The children on board shriek with fear as the driver is powerless to move out of the car 's way . Crash : The impact sends smoke pouring into the air and crushes the SUV . Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene at 8.20 am in Tulsa , Oklahoma , on Monday . The 44-year-old driver of the SUV , who allegedly has a history of seizures , was driving approximately 20 mph over the speed limit . He was trapped inside his car for 20 minutes after the crash until firefighters were able to cut him from the wreckage , News On 6 reported . The driver of the SUV , a 44-year-old man with a history of seizures , had to be cut out of the wreckage . Police commended the bus driver for doing what she could . They are investigating whether the SUV driver had a seizure before or during the crash in Tulsa , Oklahoma , on Monday at 8.20 am . He is recovering in a serious condition in hospital as police work to determine whether his medical history was a factor in the crash . Police commended the bus driver for ` doing what she could ' by noticing the SUV and stopping the bus . She then checked every student on board was safe . Tulsa Public Schools spokesman Chris Payne said parents of the pupils , from McClain Junior High School and McClain 's 7th Grade Academy , were notified immediately . Police have refused local media requests to release a second video which shows the pupils reacting to the crash , on the grounds that it is traumatic and the passengers are all minors .