Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola blamed his team 's Champions League quarter-final first-leg defeat by Porto on injuries . Porto take a two-goal advantage to Munich next Tuesday for the return leg of the last-eight clash after punishing a sloppy Bayern with two early goals from Ricardo Quaresma and a second-half effort from Jackson Martinez . Guardiola said : ` We have players who were out a long time with injuries ... their legs do n't last very long . It 's a tough result to take into the second leg , but we 'll give it a go . ' Pep Guardiola says his side suffered with the injuries they are currently contending with in the squad . Porto manager Julen Lopetegui said his side can now dream of reaching the semi-finals , but they will need to be ` perfect ' in the second leg . ` Now we have produced a situation for ourselves where we can dream , knowing that we will need to give everything we have got to get through , ' Lopetegui , a former Barcelona team mate of Guardiola , told reporters . ` We will need to produce a perfect performance in Germany next week to progress . ' Julen Lopetegui says reaching the Champions League semi-final would be a dream come true . Ricardo Quaresma -LRB- 7 -RRB- gave Porto an early lead from the spot but Manuel Neuer was lucky to be on the pitch . Lopetegui said the return from injury of goalscorer Martinez , who had been out since early March with a hamstring problem , was one of the reasons for Wednesday 's victory . ` With him back in the attack , we were able to press Bayern with some force and give them real problems , ' he said . Martinez , who capitalised on an error by Jerome Boateng in the 65th minute to round Bayern keeper Manuel Neuer for Porto 's third goal after Thiago Alcantara had reduced the arrears , said he was not yet 100 percent fit . The striker was a constant menace for Bayern 's defenders and his tenacious harrying was rewarded after three minutes when he robbed Xabi Alonso before being brought down by Neuer for a penalty that Quaresma converted . Jackson Martinez -LRB- right -RRB- rounds Neuer to slot home Porto 's third goal and put them in control . Martinez troubled Bayern throughout and tackled Xabi Alonso -LRB- right -RRB- in the build up to the penalty . It was a similar story for Porto 's second goal when Quaresma picked the pocket of Dante before beating Neuer with a clever finish on 10 minutes . ` It was fundamental that we tried our best to impose ourselves on Bayern and not give them a chance to settle , ' Martinez said . Quaresma also sought to heap praise on Porto 's team ethic , saying hard work had proved the difference between the two teams . ` There are no stars here . We all work hard for our results , ' the forward said . ` The win is more important to us than the display . We have all worked extremely hard to get this win to give ourselves something to defend in the second leg . ' Quaresma scores Porto 's second inside 11 minutes as they took advantage of a depleted Bayern Munich .