Raheem Sterling first came to the attention of the wider world in a TV documentary charting Brendan Rodgers ' early days in charge of Liverpool in the summer of 2012 . In footage from a pre-season training session , the Liverpool manager is seen rebuking Sterling -- then a talented but largely untried teenager -- for answering him back . A little more than two-and-a-half years on and much has changed . Now Sterling is a 20-year-old England international and a cornerstone of Liverpool 's first team . On Wednesday he was back on TV again but this time he was attempting to call the shots . Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . Sterling has come a long way since being lectured by Brendan Rodgers during Being Liverpool . The winger was just 17 years old in 2012 when he was told off by Rodgers for answering him back at training . Sterling , pictured celebrating a goal for England , says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber . Sterling has attracted interest from clubs including Real Madrid , Bayern Munich , Manchester City and Arsenal . Sterling arrives for training at Liverpool 's Melwood training ground . Sterling arrives at training ahead of Liverpool 's game with Arsenal . Sterling 's message to Liverpool , and indeed Rodgers , would appear to be clear . He does not want to stay at Anfield unless he can win trophies . He wants to play in his favourite midfield position . The interest from other clubs at home and abroad has made him feel good . As such , regardless of a £ 100,000-a-week contract offer , he may choose to leave . As a piece of PR , Wednesday 's BBC interview was of questionable value . An apparent attempt to clarify his stance regarding an unsigned Liverpool contract has only served to muddle things . In trying to bring an end to media and terrace chatter about his future , it has only given it fresh legs . At one point during his chat , Sterling admitted supposed interest from Arsenal is ` quite flattering ' . Just one problem . ` My next game is against Arsenal , ' he said , suggesting he can at least understand a fixture list , if not the delicacy of his situation or the impact of his words . ` I want to do my best . I wo n't be hiding . ' It 's just as well because the chances are that he wo n't be able to . Liverpool 's fans , who value loyalty more than most , may have the young Londoner in their sights now . ` I do n't want to be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old , ' said Sterling , but the denizens of the Kop may perceive precisely that . Sterling 's current £ 35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . Sterling has confirmed that he rejected an offer of £ 100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool . Sterling says that he would have signed a less lucrative deal if he had been offered one at this stage last year . Sterling takes on Lithuania 's Georgas Freidgeimas during England 's Euro 2016 qualifier at Wembley . Neil Ashton broke the Sterling contract story on Monday - CLICK HERE TO READ FULL ARTICLE . At Liverpool on Wednesday the club 's hierarchy were aghast . Not only did they know nothing of Sterling 's chat with the BBC until other journalists rang to ask them about it , they are understandably suspicious about the timing and motives . Rodgers and his players are coming off a sobering home loss to Manchester United , in which Sterling played poorly , and now face Arsenal in the League and Blackburn in the FA Cup -- games that will go a long way to determining whether this current season is marked success or failure . Now , rather than draw a line under talk about his contract , the subject of Sterling and his future will dominate the next few days . Liverpool and Rodgers , who tends to be unemotional about these things , view this as unhelpful and unsettling . Was this the whole point of the arrangement made by Sterling 's management with the BBC ? Liverpool are asking themselves this question , and , regardless of the answer , Sterling 's standing at the club has inevitably changed . At training at Melwood on Thursday , Sterling will be treated no differently by Rodgers , just as Luis Suarez was dealt with evenly in the wake of interviews in the summer of 2013 in which he criticised his manager . There are other similarities with Suarez , though , that are less palatable for the latest Liverpool player to wonder if he would be better off elsewhere . Luis Suarez said in summer 2013 that he wanted to leave Liverpool but was eventually convinced to stay . Rodgers will deal with Sterling in training at Melwood on Thursday in the same way he did with Suarez . There will be no shortage of suitors for Sterling should he leave Liverpool - in the Premier League and Europe . Sterling insists that he is focused on winning trophies and becoming the best player he can be . Liverpool 's owners will view this episode dimly . They would not sell Suarez to Arsenal in 2013 . Selling good players to domestic rivals is not in John Henry 's playbook . Equally , the Americans will not sell Sterling this summer just because it would appear he may wish to leave . Suarez had to wait a year and so may Sterling . He remains under contract for another two years , after all . And so a rather unpleasant game begins and it is tempting to wonder whether Sterling will emerge from it as he would wish . Suarez was a worldly-wise , well-travelled football gun for hire when he decided to take Liverpool on . He left home at 14 . He could cope . Sterling , on the other hand , still looks like the boy on that video and in some ways he still is . He spoke on Wednesday of his closeness to his mum and three-year old daughter . Will they move to Spain with him ? Luis Suarez was a well-travelled football gun for hire when he took Liverpool on - but can Sterling cope ? Liverpool boss Rodgers must convince Sterling to sign a new deal and remain at Anfield . Sterling should not be blamed for his ambition . Equally , he should not be criticised for putting a number on his own value . He lives in an age when football salaries are soaring and in a couple of years the Premier League will be £ 5billion richer . He has come a long way very quickly , however . Since that rollicking on the green grass of America in 2012 , his trajectory has followed a steady upward course . This would be a bad time indeed to make his first really bad decision .