As the Champions League starters took a break it was business as usual for the rest of the Real Madrid squad on Wednesday as they returned to training a day after the last eight clash with rivals Atletico . There was no sign of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez - all of who played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday - as the fringe players took part in a session at the Valdebebas complex . Isco and Alvaro Arbeloa , second-half substitutes during the first leg against Atletico , were present alongside regular first team players Pepe and Sami Khedira , who were on the bench on Tuesday . Isco , a second-half substitute against Atletico on Tuesday , keeps the ball from Fabio Coentrao during training . Pepe climbs highest as the players that didn ; t start in the Champions League trained on Wednesday . Sami Khedira , linked with a move to the Premier League , strikes the ball during Wednesday 's session . Javier Hernandez and Lucas Silva were put through their paces at the Valdebebas complex . Real Madrid return to La Liga action on Saturday as they welcome Malaga to the Bernabeu looking to keep the pressure on league leaders Barcelona , who face Valencia on the same day . Real will then face Atletico in next Wednesday 's second leg - the eighth time the rivals have clashed this season with Carlo Ancelotti 's side still chasing their first win against their neighbours . ` It is not such a good a result , ' Ancelotti said after the match . ` I am happy with the performance , but we played really well in the first half and should have scored . We have to try and repeat that at our stadium . ' Alvaro Arbeloa tussles with Coentrao during the training session ahead of the return to La Liga action . Brazilian Silva , signed from Cruzeiro in January , takes the ball forward as Pepe -LRB- right -RRB- watches on . Meanwhile , defender Dani Carvjal was forced to deny attempting to bite Atletico striker Mario Mandzukic during a heated derby . ` Seeing after the match that I have been accused of biting a rival player , I want to make it clear that I did not bite anyone , nor did I try to , ' the Spain right back told reporters .