A Yazidi teenager has told how Islamic State fighters stormed her town with shocking brutality , dragging girls as young as ten by their hair and carting them off like cattle to become sex slaves . Hanan , 19 , was snatched from her family , suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in Mosul , Iraq , where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants . She and six others were then taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months , she told CNN 's Arwa Damon . The girl told them she had been beaten , handcuffed and raped and their captors warned they would soon suffer the same fate . Scroll down for video . Newly released members of the Yazidi minority , including one girl with an injured leg , wait for medical help after being set free by ISIS near Kirkuk , northern Iraq last week . One Yazidi survivor -LRB- not pictured -RRB- has told how girls as young as ten were dragged away from their families and raped at the hands of ISIS militants . Hanan managed to escape that night with some of the other girls by jumping out of a bedroom window , but two of them were caught as they fled . Speaking of the moment ISIS attacked her village last August , she said : ` They separated all of us . They dragged us away by our hair . ` The youngest with us was just 10 . We were all crying . They said we are going to marry you off , you will forget your family . ' Hanan is now recovering at the Shariya refugee camp in Dohuk Iraqi Kurdistan , where hundreds of other Yazidis have fled , but says she shakes with fear every time she sees ` someone with a beard ' . Tens of thousands of Yazidis were forced to flee for their lives - many of them into the nearby Sinjar mountains and then into Kurdish-held regions of northern Iraq during the ISIS offensive in August . Relief : 216 prisoners , including 40 children , believed they were being led to their execution , but were instead piled onto minibuses for a handover southwest of Kirkuk . It is not known why they were released . However many were captured by the militants , resulting in the massacre of hundreds of men and the selling into slavery of women and children , after they were first divided up between militants . A magazine published by the terror group , Dabiq , last year attempted to justify the sickening treatment of the Yazidis . Explaining why Yazidis have been sold into sex slavery while those from other groups have not , the magazine claims Islamic Sharia law allows the enslavement of innocent ` polytheists and pagans ' but not of those the militants regard as simply heretical . Last week , aid workers reported that a nine-year-old girl was pregnant after suffering horrific sexual abuse at the hands of ISIS militants in northern Iraq . She was among more than 200 Yazidi women , children and elderly who were released near Kirkuk , northern Iraq after being taken hostage last June . According to aid workers , she was ` sexually abused by no fewer than ten men ' , while in captivity inside the self-proclaimed caliphate .