Dramatic pictures have emerged of a woman being rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following Saturday afternoon 's severe storms . The woman was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney 's inner-east , that was spotted by the same police rescue squad officer on his way to work . She was helped out of the vehicle by the officer and his co-worker at about 6.30 pm and did not suffer any injuries . Superintendent Paul Johnston from Fire and Rescue NSW told Daily Mail Australia that the incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4 pm . ` At the height of the storm we had two hundred calls in the system , mostly about flooding in people ' homes and businesses , rescues from flash flooding - in the inner city they 're not as dangerous because people are just trapped in their cars and not at risk of being swept away - and automatic fire alarms , ' Supt Johnston said . The second round of wild weather in New South Wales came after just two days of clear skies and transformed parts of Sydney and the Blue Mountains into snowfields . Marble-sized hailstones pummelled multiple suburbs in the city 's east and west on Saturday evening , coating streets and backyards in sleet despite only lasting from about 4 pm until 7 pm . Blackheath residents in the Blue Mountains , about 100 km west of Sydney , reported hailstones up to 2 cm in size , while social media users shared surreal images of snowmen and even snowboarders on the streets of Sydney . Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after suffering damage from the storm , with Fire and Rescue crews expected to work through the night to assess the damage . Scroll down for video . A woman had to be rescued from her car which had become trapped in flood waters following Saturday 's severe storms . She appeared safe and calm as police and fire and rescue crews assisted her at Zetland in Sydney 's inner-east . Several cars were submerged in the flood waters following the flash flooding that struck the city . A combination of hail and water at Enmore in Sydney 's inner-west , almost completely submerged a line of cars . Streets and backyards were transformed into snowfields across Sydney and the Blue Mountains . Pictured Maroubra in Sydney 's east . An unstable air mass over the top of New South Wales is understood to have generated the east-moving storm . Pictured : Kingsford in Sydney 's eastern suburbs . The Bureau of Meteorology issued a severe weather warning for Sydney , Wollongong and the Blue Mountains just before 3:20 pm -LRB- left -RRB- , but by 4:15 pm the severe storm had hit Sydney after coming in from the west -LRB- right -RRB- . A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that two factories at Huntingwood , in western Sydney , have collapsed due to the weather . Snowing in Sydney ? Sydney 's west was hit by snow-like hail after the storm travelled east from the Blue Mountains . Marble-sized hail stones pummelled various suburbs in Sydney and the Blue Mountains . NSW Ambulance tweeted : ` Luckily no one injured in this building collapse at Eastern Creek . Be careful if on the icy roads ' Ominous looking storm clouds rolled into Sydney Harbour in the afternoon as the sky turned form blue to black and then a strange white . The NRL match between the Sydney Roosters ' and St George Illawarra at Allianz Stadium in Sydney had to be temporarily suspended due to hail and lightning . The Bureau of Meteorology warned that the Blue Mountains -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Hawkesbury areas and Sydney would be affected by severe weather . ` There were five major building collapses after half a metre of hail landed on the roof , and they are all on the one stretch on Huntingwood drive in Huntingwood and our crews are still there , ' Supt Johnston told Daily Mail Australia . ` These are very large factories , around 200m long , and we 've had another two building collapses within a kilometre radius . ` There are 20 trucks and 100 firefighters on the scene now . ' The factories were believed to have been mostly empty at the time of the collapse , with only seven people evacuated . No injuries have been reported , however police and ambulance are still investigating at the scene . Sue Pritchard , a spokesperson for the State Emergency Services , told Daily Mail Australia that an 80m by 100m wall had also collapsed nearby at Eastern Creek , where Fire and Rescue NSW and the Rural Fire Service were attending the scene . ` We 've had over 800 jobs state wide since 4 pm and we 've also had one flood rescue , ' Ms Pitchard added . ` They have mainly been in Mount Druit , Marrickville and Randwick areas as the storms have come through . ` There 's been a lot of hail causing leaking roofs and roof damage . There 's meant to be more windy weather about tomorrow , so we 're asking people to be proactive and check their properties to make sure nothing can be blown about and secure anything that is loose . ' Public transport was temporarily disrupted as was the rugby match between the Sydney Roosters ' and St George Illawarra teams at Allianz Stadium in Sydney . Heavy rain , wild winds and hails stones transformed the Blue Mountains and parts of Sydney into snowfields on Saturday evening . Warnings stated that ` large hailstones , heavy rainfall that may lead to flash flooding and damaging winds ' were predicted . State Emergency Services issued cautions and advice to residents affected by the storm on their social media pages . Hail stones piled up behind a door or a window during the storms , which only lasted until 7 pm . Hail covers a road and vehicle in the suburb of Alexandria just after the storm passed . Twitter and Instagram users captured images of the storm : Lightning strikes in Sydney as the storm rolled in . Hail is seen on the road in the suburb of Alexandria . Large areas of Sydney have been hit by a hail storm this afternoon . Backyards and streets were transformed into snowfields within minutes by the heavy rain and hail . The Blue Mountains , the Hawkesbury and most of Sydney were issued with severe weather warnings just before 4 pm , with the Bureau of Meteorology warning the areas to expect ` large hailstones , heavy rainfall that may lead to flash flooding and damaging winds ' . The collapsed wall at Eastern Creek led to diversions along various routes on the Great Western Highway and police reported flooding on Parramatta Road and Flood Street . The storm later moved north-west of Sydney , affecting the Maitland , Cessnock , Greater Newcastle , Gosford and Wyong areas before heading further north towards Newcastle and Williamtown . It cleared off the coast by 7 pm . An unstable low air mass over the top of New South Wales is understood to have generated the east-moving storm over the afternoon , according to a Weather Watch spokesperson . State Emergency Services -LRB- SES -RRB- advises anyone in the affected areas to keep clear of fallen power lines , creeks and storm drains and warns not to walk , ride bikes or drive through flood water . Forecast for Sydney predict more bad weather at the end of the week , with the SES urging people to be prepared for the next bought of wild weather , including wild winds on Sunday . ` There 's still going to be stormy weather next week and so now is the time to prepare so that you do n't find yourself with a hefty bill for damages that you could have prevented , ' Sue Pritchard said . A statement from the SES on Saturday night added : ` Strong winds are expected tomorrow in parts of Western Sydney , the Blue Mountains and the Hawkesbury . ` With the recent heavy rains the ground is saturated meaning it is more likely that trees may fall . The winds may also blow around any inadequately secured items such as tarping , storm debris or loose roof sheeting from the storms earlier in the week . ' A building collapse at Eastern Creek has led to diversions along various routes on the Great Western Highway . State Emergency Services have advised that cars be kept under shelter and away from trees . People should stay away from fallen power lines , unplug any electrical appliances and avoid using their phones during the storm .