The Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as ` enemy forces ' during demonstrations last year , according to a new report . Activists in the Missouri suburb , protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop , were also known as ` adversaries ' , according to internal briefings seen by CNN this week . The National Guard was first activated in Ferguson in August after Missouri Governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency when riots and looting broke out amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality . National Guard soldiers secure the police command center in Ferguson , Missouri , on November 27 last year . An internal report has revealed that the heavily-militarized guard referred to protesters as ` enemy forces ' The guard were activated again in November ahead of the November 24 decision by a St Louis grand jury who decided not to indict the officer , Darren Wilson , who shot Brown . Many in the community accused the National Guard of making an already tense situation worse . Guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets of the suburb in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles . Missouri National Guard described some on the streets as ` enemy forces ' including the KKK , the RgB Black Rebels and the New Black Panther Party - but also the ` general protesters ' . According to CNN , National Guard supervisors were worried about how they were being viewed by the public and asked guardsmen to tone down the heavily militarized language . Officers were told by superiors to change references to ` enemy ' to ` criminal elements ' instead . Daily Mail Online was awaiting a response from the Missouri National Guard on Friday . Brown 's shooting stirred long-simmering racial tensions in the St. Louis suburb , where two-thirds of the residents are black but the police force is almost entirely white . Rioting and looting a day after the shooting led police to respond to subsequent protests with a heavily-armored presence that was widely criticized for continuing to escalate tensions . At times , protesters lobbed rocks and Molotov cocktails at police , who fired tear gas , smoke canisters and rubber bullets in an attempt to disperse crowds . At the time of the Guard 's deployment in November , St Louis Mayor Francis Slay said he supported Nixon 's decision to activate the Guard . ` The way we view this , the Guard is not going to be confronting the protesters and will not be on -LRB- the -RRB- front line interacting directly with demonstrators , ' Slay said . Protesters flip over a Ferguson police car on November 25 , 2014 . Missouri 's governor ordered hundreds more National Guard troops to the St Louis suburb following the grand jury 's decision not to indict white cop Darren Wilson over the shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown .