Mauricio Pochettino insists he will not flood Tottenham 's first team squad with players from the academy next season despite the success of his young stars . Harry Kane , Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason , who are all products of Spurs ' youth system , have taken giant strides in the senior set-up this season . Their success has led to calls for more youngsters to be promoted through the club , but Pochettino says he will cautious in his approach to blooding more youngsters . Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players based on past success . Nabil Bentaleb -LRB- left -RRB- has forged a strong partnership with Ryan Mason , while Harry Kane has been prolific . ` We need to be careful with that . Because Kane , Mason and Bentaleb are good this season , now we need to put all academy players in the team ? , ' said Pochetino . ` It 's important to understand this is important for the club because it 's our identity and philosophy and they can translate this passion for the club - but not because we need to show we are the best academy in the world . ` We need to be careful and work hard , we have fantastic staff , and the head of the academy John McDermott , but we need to analyse and be careful with the young players . ` Kane , Mason and Bentaleb are very important players in the team but it is not only these three are who very important for the team this season . ' Meanwhile , Pochettino insists it is Hugo Lloris ' ambition to play Champions League football with Tottenham after he was linked with a move away . Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris has previously spoken of his desire to play in the Champions League . It has been suggested that the Frenchman would consider his future this summer if the club fail to finish in the top-four , a scenario which looks virtually certain . But Pochettino added : ` There 's been no change from six months ago when we spoke about the rumour . Hugo wants to play the Champions League here for Tottenham and these rumours are nothing true . He is happy here and wants to reach the Champions League with Tottenham that is his dream . '