While throwing in the nine-to-five life is a dream for many , one young couple decided to make it a reality , experiencing the world as they spent a year filming one mini documentary a day . Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in as many days , visiting 35 countries and 70 cities , as part of their project 365 Docobites , an idea which even the couple originally doubted would actually work . ` The idea only popped into my head about seven months before we hopped on the plane . When I first told one of my friends what we were thinking of doing , she asked whether I was sure it was a good idea , ' Epiphany told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries . With only seven months to organise everything , Epiphany , 23 , left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream , while Carl , 27 , continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency . ` When we told our friends and family what we were planning on doing , they did n't really believe us . They kept asking , ` are you sure you 're going to be able to do that ? ' , ' Carl said . ` Honestly , I did n't even believe we were going until about month before we left when Epiphany told me that everything was in order for us to leave , ' he said . With a strict budget of $ 40 a day , the couple set off to their first destination - the US - and landed in New York to begin their very long journey across the globe . ` I can remember the first day , we were in Times Square with all our camera gear and we did n't get up the courage to ask a single person to be involved , ' Carl said . ` It was a bit rainy , and when it stopped raining we told ourselves it was too dark , and then it was , ` oh , we have n't eaten ' , so we kept finding an out , ' he said . The couple began their filming journey in New York and visited 70 cities in their year of filming . Both Epiphany and Carl have a background in film : Carl worked as a senior editor at an advertising agency and Epiphany worked at a production company before going freelance . The pair , from Sydney , set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day for a year . ` But we realised that we just have to get out there and do it , and then next day we went back out again and found a busker . As soon as we put ourselves out there we found that people were so willing to get involved . ' Over the course of the year , Epiphany and Carl visited 70 cities in 35 countries to capture moments and people on camera - and on a strict production schedule and budget , found themselves stretched to the limits . ` We ended up starting out with three months of funding , and managed to stretch it out to six months by living very cheaply , ' Epiphany said . ` There were a few times when we actually did run out of money , but we managed to build enough of a following that we were able to get sponsorship from tourism boards to stay in their city , as well as hotels and hostels , ' she said . ` But even then $ 40 between the two of us was n't much . Sometimes it came to dinner and we would have a can of pineapple , a packet of chips , and some chocolate left , and that would be what we ate . ' Moniek travels the world playing her violin , and met Epiphany and Carl when she was playing at the New Orleans French Quarter Festival . Alisha and seven of her friends moved to California from Minnesota . She works for Pin Up Girl Clothing and is passionate about women being comfortable with their bodies . As well as their tight budget , the pair set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day , a plan they managed to stick to despite a few setbacks . ` We left three weeks before we planned on releasing our first one , so we thought we 'd always be three weeks ahead of schedule , but things always go wrong when you 're travelling , ' Carl said . ` But we always managed to get them out . There were a couple of funny moments where we would be madly dashing around trying to upload a film , ' he said . ` There was this one moment where we were in New Orleans and the film was in the middle of uploading on the free wifi of a cafe , and they kicked us out because they were closing . We had to run down the street as it was raining with the laptop open underneath a poncho trying to find another cafe with internet . ' The couple said that the stress and pressure was worth it to experience so much of the world and to meet so many people who were willing to share their stories . ` We learnt millions of lessons , and every week there was at least one life lesson . Overall the biggest thing for me was that we are all human and we share the same basic needs and wants , ' Epiphany said . Galen the dog is eight years old and has a talent for ` playing dead ' . His owner Nolan uses his ability to busk in the streets . Titus Mario are ambulance drivers , or 'EM T 's ' , who work 13-hour days in New Orleans . Justin , Devon and Bailey -LRB- left to right -RRB- are homeless and have banded together as a ` family ' of their own making , decided to live on the streets after being kicked out of the Scientologist church . The pair said they learnt to not just observe but also engage with people 's lives , to be vulnerable themselves if they were asking the same of others . ` There was this one guy in Ireland we interviewed , he was with a group in a park who were doing this improvisational dance where they connected by touching each other , ' Epiphany said . ` We did a documentary on one of the guys and I ended up giving the dancing a go because you ca n't just ask others to be vulnerable , you have to be willing to do it yourself , ' she said . ` If they feel you 're nervous they 'll be nervous , but as soon as you let down your guard people open right up and are willing to give so much , ' Carl said . In Botswana , Epiphany and Carl arrived to be told that the night beforehand a tourist had been eaten by a lion , and interviewed their local tour guide who spent the whole night sitting outside camp shooting his gun into the air to keep the predators away . ` The next morning we found fresh lion prints 100 metres away , ' Epiphany said . The couple also met the woman who has the most piercings on her body in the world , and had the chance to stay with locals in Cambodia and Slovenia , which they describe as ` very tortured places ' . This couple from Iceland were born four hours apart on the same day and went to school together before they started dating . Unur -LRB- above -RRB- is a tour guide for the Golden Circle of Iceland with Icelandic Excursions . Elaine has 9,800 piercings on her body and is a Guinness World Record holder . She told Epiphany and Carl that she moved to Scotland because she ` likes the men in the kilts ' After a year away , Epiphany and Carl headed home from their last stop in Singapore , and touched down in Sydney in an emotional last leg to their journey . ` As we were flying in over Sydney it was cloudy and then all of a sudden you could see the Harbour Bridge . Epiphany burst into tears immediately , ' Carl said . ` It was very surreal to come home and see all our family at the airport after so long , it was hard to take in , ' he said . After one night celebrating their homecoming with family and friends , the couple got back to business , finishing off their last seven ` docobites ' in their hometown . ` The second day home we got right back into it , and kept going until we reached our last one , which was a doco on us , ' Carl said . The last docobite came out on Tuesday , giving the couple time to breathe for the first time in a year . ` The project is n't over though . We want other people to contribute their videos , and start watching the ones we already have up , ' Epiphany said . Glyn -LRB- above -RRB- is an IT specialist who spends his weekends playing his bagpipes to the masses . ` This is not the end of the project , it 's actually just the beginning of what we want to achieve . It 's exciting that it 's going beyond us and inviting people into the experience of storytelling , ' she said . After a year on the road interviewing a cross section of the world , Epiphany and Carl said their experience taught them so much about how to relate to other people . ` Once we realised that we are all essentially the same in so many ways , the world became a much friendlier place . Looking at the ways we are the same rather than the ways that we are different means there are so many ways of problem solving and helping one another , ' Epiphany said . ` It was something we had a sense of at the beginning of the trip and was reinforced as we connected with 365 different people all over the world , ' she said . ` The big message we want to share is compassion over hate . '