Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Raheem Sterling will not be sold this summer , even if he fails to agree a new long-term contract at Anfield . But as we 've seen in the past - with Luis Suarez 's move to Barcelona a prime example - that sort of promise is n't always kept . Here , Sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for the England man . Raheem Sterling , pictured in training on Thursday , has attracted interest from a number of big clubs . ARSENAL . The Gunners have a genuine interest in the Liverpool wonderkid and believe they have the financial capabilities to pull off a mega-deal . But when push comes to shove , can they emerge victorious in what could turn out to be an auction ? Sterling has rejected a contract worth £ 100,000-a-week and could look to force a move away from Liverpool . CHELSEA . The big question is how would Sterling fit into Jose Mourinho 's plans given his wealth of attacking talent . But when the best players become available , the best clubs are always in the market . It is no different with the Blues . London will also be a major pull for Sterling . MANCHESTER CITY . City are always in the market for the best British talent as they try to keep up with homegrown quota regulations . Sterling will , perhaps , be the best available British player in the market this summer . Expect City to make their move early in the transfer window . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted that the club will not sell Sterling this summer . MANCHESTER UNITED . Would Sterling do it ? Would Liverpool sell to United ? It would certainly a bold move should he join Liverpool 's fiercest rivals . They certainly have the finances to make a deal happen . United are looking for superstars this summer . This would be a super transfer . BAYERN MUNICH . Pep Guardiola is understood to be a big fan of the 20-year-old . But would Sterling be up for playing abroad at such an early stage of his career ? If he is , then expect Bayern to be in the running for his signature this summer . Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola is believed to be keen on Sterling and could make a move for him .