Audi has created a so-called ` green ' diesel fuel made using a combination of water and carbon dioxide . The car manufacturer described its breakthrough as the ` fuel of the future ' and claims it could provide a carbon neutral way of powering vehicles . Experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ` blue crude ' , which was then refined into diesel . Scroll down for video . Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel -LRB- shown above -RRB- made from water and carbon dioxide . Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ` blue crude ' , which was then refined into diesel . Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels , or used as a fuel in its own right . Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education and research Dr Johanna Wanka . Reiner Mangold , head of sustainable product development at Audi , said : ` In developing Audi e-diesel we are promoting another fuel based on carbon dioxide that will allow long‑distance mobility with virtually no impact on the climate . Audi 's fuel was developed with Sunfire , a Dresden-based energy technology company . To make the fuel , water is first heated to form steam which is then broken down into its constituent hydrogen and oxygen using high-temperature electrolysis . By performing this process at temperatures above 800 ° c -LRB- 1,472 ° f -RRB- , the water breaks down with greater efficiency than at room temperature . The hydrogen is then pumped into a reactor with carbon dioxide at high pressure and high temperatures . This causes them to react to produce long-chained liquid hydrocarbons . Hydrocarbons are the basic building block of all fossil fuels , but the compounds produced in the reactor are known as ` blue crude ' . Audi claims the whole process can be powered using renewable energy and can be achieved with an efficiency of around 70 % . The blue crude can then be refined in a similar way to standard crude oil to produce e-diesel . ` Using carbon dioxide as a raw material represents an opportunity not just for the automotive industry in Germany , but also to transfer the principle to other sectors and countries . ' The new fuel was developed by Audi along with Sunfire , a Dresden-based energy technology company . To make the fuel , water is first heated to form steam , which is then broken down into its constituent hydrogen and oxygen using high-temperature electrolysis . By performing this process at temperatures above 800 ° c -LRB- 1,472 ° f -RRB- , the water breaks down with greater efficiency than at room temperature . The hydrogen is then pumped into a reactor with carbon dioxide at high pressure and high temperatures . This causes them to react to produce long-chained liquid hydrocarbons . Hydrocarbons are the basic building block of all fossil fuels but the compounds produced in the reactor are known as ` blue crude ' . Audi claims the whole process can be powered using renewable energy and can be achieved with an efficiency of around 70 per cent . The blue crude can then be refined in a similar way to standard crude oil to produce e-diesel . Water is heated to form steam , which is broken down into hydrogen and oxygen using electrolysis . Hydrogen is pumped into a reactor with carbon dioxide at high pressure and high temperatures and causes them to react to produce liquid hydrocarbons , known as ` blue crude ' . Hydrocarbons form the base of fossil fuels . Audi added that the synthetic fuel does not contain sulphur or hydrocarbon rings -- known as aromatic hydrocarbons -- which are found in crude oil and can create additional pollution . A breakthrough was recently made in the development of clean hydrogen power . Currently , while hydrogen fuel is appealing , the production of hydrogen is incredible difficult - requiring huge amounts of energy . But the researchers say they have made a new material that can generate hydrogen from water , meaning it is less reliant on fossil fuels . Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University have designed a molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel . The approach increases the efficiency of electrolysis of water into its constituent parts by reducing the amount of energy needed to perform the oxidation half of the reaction . Christian von Olshausen , chief technology officer at Sunfire , said the fuel was highly combustible and produced less pollution than traditional diesel . He said : ` The engine runs quieter and fewer pollutants are being created . ' A special processing plant has been built in Dresden Reick and is set to produce 3,000 litres of e-diesel in the coming months . The carbon dioxide is currently supplied by a biogas facility as a byproduct . Audi said it also extracts carbon dioxide from the ambient air using ` direct air capturing ' . Burning of fossil fuels is the main source of carbon dioxide emissions by humans into the atmosphere and is driving global warming . By capturing emissions from power plants and removing it from the air , Audi says its new fuel can be used without adding to the burden of gas in the atmosphere . The project is the latest attempt by Audi to produce more environmentally friendly fuels for its vehicles . Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education and research Dr Johanna Wanka . The minister is pictured testing the new fuel in her official car . In 2009 it announced a project to produce e-gas - a form of synthetic methane -- for use in its g-tron gas powered vehicles . At the launch of the new e-diesel , Dr Wanka put five litres of the fuel into her official Audi A8 . She said : ` This synthetic diesel , made using carbon dioxide , is a huge success for our sustainability research . ` If we can make widespread use of carbon dioxide as a raw material , we will make a crucial contribution to climate protection and the efficient use of resources , and put the fundamentals of the `` green economy '' in place . '