A grandmother nicknamed the ` Fairy Dogmother ' spends more than £ 28,000 a year looking after the stray or abandoned dogs she has welcomed into her home . For more than 30 years , Pat Senior , 66 , has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton , Greater Manchester , with the animals , taking in dogs from as far afield as Romania and Hungary . She estimates that she spends £ 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs , with veterinary bills adding another £ 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets . Pat Senior , 66 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- who is nicknamed the ` Fairy Dogmother ' , spends more than £ 28,000 a year looking after as many as 26 stray or abandoned dogs she has welcomed into her home . Grandmother-of-four Mrs Senior and her businessman husband , Charles , currently have 19 dogs in their care , including lurchers , German Shepherds and Chinese Cresteds who all sleep and live at her home . She has made makeshift beds for the animals in the couple 's garage , with some dogs sleeping in the living room , although three Chinese Cresteds are allowed to sleep in her bed . She takes in neglected greyhounds as well as adopting dogs from pounds , and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof . Mrs Senior spends £ 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs , with veterinary bills adding another £ 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets . As well as taking in neglected greyhounds , Mrs Senior also adopts dogs from her local dog pounds and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof . She describes meal times as ` chaotic ' , with her shopping list consisting of 40 small chickens a week for the smaller and medium sized dogs , and two large packs of minced chicken and pasta a day for the larger animals . ` I wake at 6.30 am and it 's nonstop from then on , ' said Mrs Senior . ` We feed the dogs at dinner time and then they get a big dinner in the evening . It 's a mad rush and chaotic with dog bowls all over the place and we make sure every dog gets its dinner . They are here there and everywhere . I also take the only four fit enough to walk out . I also clean . ' Mrs Senior , who is also a painter , left behind her career as a singer to look after the animals after a chance encounter with a woman trying to rehome a stray lurcher , Lexus , in 1981 . Within a few weeks she became inundated with calls from greyhound owners wanting her to take the dogs off their hands and so set up the Angels With Furry Coats dog rescue , which is run entirely from her home . She says was then asked to work undercover for a BBC documentary to ` expose the dark side of grey hound racing , ' and was horrified to see greyhounds drugged with heroine and living in squalor . She then made it her mission to open her home to as many neglected dogs as she could , and last year had eight stray hounds brought over from Romania and Hungary at a cost of £ 350 per animal . Due to the poor condition of many of her dogs her veterinary bill amounts to around £ 17,000 a year . ` I have been told I am completely mad and I could have brought many properties with all that money but I would rather be me than someone doing nothing , ' she said . ` Somebody has got to look after these dogs and not everyone can . They like holidays and an easy life . Mrs Senior and one of her Angels With Furry Coats volunteers , Lorraine , walk some of the rescued dogs . As well as taking in neglected greyhounds , the grandmother-of-four also adopts dogs from her local dog pounds and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof . ` People were calling and saying if you do n't take the dog I will kill it . I decided this is what I am going to do for the rest of my life . ` I had no idea what was happening before . I had to deal with owners who would regularly give the dogs heroine . They would have all these dogs hopped up on drugs and off their heads . I was really disgusted . I saw a picture of some hanging by their necks from trees . ' ` If I think about it I could have had a pretty good lifestyle if I had n't spent all this money on the dogs . But I do it because you see these sad cases and when you manage to turn it around it is so worth it . ' Mrs Senior , who is also a painter , left behind her career as a singer to look after the animals after a chance encounter with a woman trying to rehome a stray lurcher , Lexus , in 1981 . The mother-of-two says she is rushed off her feet all day , especially as she likes ` to live in a nice house and not a kennel . ' She added : ` I have a lovely home and everything has to be spotless . People are gobsmacked that we have a beautiful house . We do not live in a dog kennel . ' Many of the dogs that come into Mrs Senior 's care are in bad condition and she says she loves getting them back in shape . ` Many of them are flea bitten or emaciated , ' she said . ` But some have been garrotted , had fat poured all over them , burnt with cigarettes and some have even be sexually abused . But it is an amazing feeling with you get them better and their eyes light up . '