West Ham United 's on-loan Barcelona midfielder Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career , on The Fantasy Football Club on Sky Sports . Song , who has also played for Arsenal as well as representing Cameroon at international level , has picked a mixture of talent in his squad . Watch #one2eleven every Friday evening on The Fantasy Football Club , Sky Sports 1 or catch up On Demand . GOALKEEPER : CARLOS KAMENI . He could have played at one of the top teams in the Premier League . When I was playing for the -LRB- Cameroon -RRB- national team he would just say , ` just score and I will do the rest ' . For me he is the best ` keeper . Alex Song believes Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League . RIGHT-BACK : DANI ALVES . This guy is unbelievable . He plays like a joke . He makes things look so easy when he is going forward and his delivery is unbelievable . CENTRE-BACK : CARLOS PUYOL . He is a character player because he never gives up . Every time you need character , you want players to be like him . When he says ` vamos ' at training , that 's it , you have to wake up . He gives you motivation to come to training and is such a great professional . He is a captain and a leader . CENTRE-BACK : RIGOBERT SONG . He has the same character like Puyol . When I was young I was always watching him play . When you have this guy behind you , you do n't have a lot of room . You will have a very bad night . Every time you would play for the national side people would say , ` you have to play like Rigobert Song ' because they know he never gives up and shows a fighting spirit . Song believes Rigobert Song is a similar character to Carlos Puyol so makes his Fantasy Football Club XI . LEFT-BACK : JORDI ALBA . Jordi is like a small bike because he never stops running . He 's very good with the feet as well . Every time he looks -LRB- to go -RRB- forward and attack . MIDFIELER : XAVI . Xavi is an unbelievable player . He gives you the tempo of the game . When you have this guy in the middle he sees everywhere -LRB- on the pitch -RRB- and always plays a good ball . He also knows how to slow the game down . MIDFIELER : ANDRES INIESTA . Iniesta is the magician . For one player it could be hard , but for him it 's easy . I see him training every single day , he was unbelievable . When I went to Barcelona I was training with him but I could n't get the ball off him . Song has room for Spanish midfielder Andres Iniesta in his side for the magician 's magic touch . MIDFIELDER : CESC FABREGAS . He is one of the most clever players I have played against . For him , he sees everywhere and gives a good delivery . I know he is a quality player . He 's done it at Arsenal and Barcelona so I was not surprised to see him come back to the Premier League with Chelsea . STRIKER : NEYMAR . He 's just 23 and he has achieved so much at this age . When he came from Brazil people did n't think he would adapt to European football , but for him it 's easy . I think he is doing very , very well . He is fast and knows how to dribble . I 'm sure he will do well in the Premier League as well because he has the ability . Barcelona 's Brazilian winger Neymar has earned himself a starting spot in Song 's Fantasy Football Club XI . STRIKER : THIERRY HENRY . Thierry is the king . We played away against Real Madrid in the Champions League and he scored that goal . STRIKER : LIONEL MESSI . Messi is the best player I have seen in my life . There is nothing to say because he is just a genius . He is just 27 and has a lot of time to achieve so much more . When he comes into training , he just does n't lose the ball . And when he loses in training , he is upset and that 's what makes him such a special player . Song poses with his Fantasy Football Club XI which includes a whopping NINE Barcelona players .