Two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula for £ 13million . Standing just a few feet apart , the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views . But the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom . Scroll down for video . Two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula for £ 13 million . Tom Doyle , of estate agents Lloyds Property Group which is selling both properties , said the homes would be perfect for a couple who like their independence . He said : ` It would be nice to sell them as a pair , to someone who either wants to live in one and rent out the other or even to a couple who want their own his and her homes . ' The beachfront properties called la Plage and la Baie - translated as the beach and the bay - are the latest in the so-called Millionaires ' Row in Poole , Dorset , to go on the market . The homes have been built on a 3,000 sqm plot , which was previously occupied by a four-bedroom house . But after buying the plot for £ 4.25 m , developers eked out every square on the area by building two homes - a move which has trebled the value of the plot . Boasting a prime position on the south east corner of the millionaire 's enclave , the mansions can be bought as a pair or separately . Standing just a few feet apart , the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views . The beachfront properties called la Plage and la Baie - which mean the beach and the bay - are the latest in the so-called Millionaires ' Row to go on the market and boast these incredible sea views -LRB- pictured -RRB- . They occupy a prime position on the south east corner of the millionaire 's enclave in Poole , Dorset -LRB- pictured -RRB- . While one of the homes has five en-suite bedrooms , the other has four . But both have indoor swimming pools , balconies , lifts to all floors , direct beach access and magnificent sea views . It is thought the developers have spent more than £ 3m building the two homes . Mr Doyle said that , if bought separately , the properties would each be sold for £ 6.5 m - the same as the price of a 38-bed castle in the Scottish Highlands . He said : ` Development opportunities are becoming scarcer on Sandbanks and so prices for older houses are going up . ` Developers need to maximise the space available in order to make money . It is becoming harder to financially justify building one home on a plot and so we are now seeing two homes appear . The agent marketing the homes said more developers are building multiple homes on a single plot to get better value for money in the area -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which is the most expensive place to buy in the UK . Over the last two decades Sandbanks has become a millionaire 's playground with dozens of luxury beachfront mansions being built and sold for up to £ 12 million . ` Although a lot of the plots are quite deep you ca n't spread out or go beyond the existing building line so you have build upwards as much as the planning authorities will allow . ' He added : ` Both these properties are built over four levels , with the bedrooms on the upper two floors . They are very much high end in terms of their quality . ` I can also see them appealing to middle-age professionals who want them as a second home . ' Last year , two properties called Tom and Jerry went on the market in Sandbanks after being built on one plot , just 10inches apart . It paved the way for more developers to follow the trend . Over the last two decades Sandbanks has become a millionaire 's playground with dozens of luxury beachfront mansions being built and sold for up to £ 12 million . Last year , two properties called Tom and Jerry went on the market in Sandbanks after being built on the same plot , just 10inches apart -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The two homes were built on a one acre site once occupied by a single bungalow -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Sandbanks is said to be the fourth most expensive place in the world - behind London , Manhattan and Tokyo - to buy property . Prices in the area have soared in the past few years , with prospective buyers even able to get more for their money in the exclusive London neighbourhood of Mayfair . In 2013 , one property on Sandbanks sold for the equivalent of £ 1,725 per square foot , which is a record for the area . Sandbanks , though , is not a haunt of A-list actresses or pop stars - but more of football managers , including former Queen 's Park Rangers boss Harry Redknapp . The football manager bought his ultra-modern property with his wife Sandra for £ 3million in 2001 and commuted daily from his waterfront home to QPR 's London-based ground Loftus Road . Troubled footballer Paul Gascoigne also reportedly moved to the exclusive resort , where he is said to be renting a flash penthouse apartment . Other notable residents include a number of well-known names in football such as Crystal Palace manager Tony Pulis , former player and manager Graeme Souness , and Mr Redknapp 's son Jamie . Computer magnate Sir Peter Ogden also has a home there . There are also a smattering of businessmen , most of whom are newly retired and unsure what to do with all their money . Located on a small peninsula stretching across the mouth of Poole Harbour in Dorset , Sandbanks is known for both its picturesque beach and the high value of property . By area Sandbanks and surrounding Lilliput , Branksome Park and Canford Cliffs , nicknamed ` Britain 's Palm Beach ' , boasts the fourth highest land value in the world and the UK 's largest concentration of expensive properties outside London . Sandbanks ' popularity is attributed to its seclusion , and every home in the community is within just a few minutes ' walk of the beach , with most of them enjoying stunning views over the harbour or out to the English Channel . Houses were first built on Sandbanks in the late 19th century , but it was not until the 1960s when a property boom saw the peninsula - measuring less than half a square mile - become more and more built-up , turning into a Millionaires ' Row filled with luxury beachfront mansions . The property market on the peninsula has shot through the roof in the past few years , with many houses being demolished and replaced with cutting-edge new properties to meet demand . In July 2009 a 1,393-square-metre -LRB- 14,990 sq ft -RRB- empty plot of land on the peninsula was put up for sale for £ 13.5 million -- the equivalent of nearly £ 10,000 per square metre . And last year , a bungalow bought for just £ 1,000 almost a century ago -LRB- around £ 40,000 in today 's money -RRB- and now a luxury holiday home was reported to be now worth £ 5million - a 500,000 per cent increase in value . A a tatty 1950s three-bedroom Sandbanks bungalow which would be worth just £ 200,000 in most other parts of the country also went on sale last year for an eye-watering £ 2.25 million . In Novembe , an empty plot on the exclusive enclave went on sale for £ 6.25 m - double what it was worth when there was a house on the site . Notable residents include a number of well-known names in football such as Crystal Palace manager Tony Pulis , former player and manager Graeme Souness , Queen 's Park Rangers manager Harry Redknapp and his son Jamie . Computer magnate Sir Peter Ogden also has a home there .