Anything To Declare . by John Frost . -LRB- Constable £ 8.99 -RRB- . Stopped by Customs officers , Oscar Wilde notoriously said he had nothing to declare but his genius . Other passengers , as Jon Frost hilariously recounts , try to sneak through the red and green channels considerably more heavily laden . John Frost says he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' -LRB- stock image -RRB- . During his long career as a Customs specialist at London airports , Frost has had ` to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you ' as they attempt to smuggle in snakes , bush meat -LRB- zebra , lion , gorilla -RRB- , combs that double as flick-knives , a monkey sewn into the lining of a coat , another monkey ` disguised as a hairy child ' , corpses ` propped up in a wheelchair wearing wonky sunglasses ' and a box of dry ice containing a man 's buttock , apparently sliced off by a Samurai sword . Hospitals were put on the alert to look out for ` anyone who had trouble sitting down ' . As they riffle through travellers ' bags , Frost and his team frequently detect drugs : socks impregnated with heroin , cannabis resin in shoes , soup cans or barrels of bitumen . Drugs are often hidden in hollowed-out disposable lighters , AA batteries that unscrew to reveal a stash inside and shaving cream aerosols cleverly made to still squirt real foam out of the top . Once , Frost found a pack of 12 brightly coloured lipsticks , ` where every lipstick was actually moulded from cocaine paste . Very clever ' . The cardboard lining of suitcases or sports bags , originating in Amsterdam , often contained 20 compressed sheets of LSD tabs , worth £ 10,000 on the street . To deter the Customs inspections , smugglers sometimes litter their luggage with hypodermic needles or razor blades . What Frost looks out for are people whose passports show frequent trips being made to drug-source countries . Flights paid for in bundles of cash can be suspicious . Also do n't stroll around too flashily dressed : ` It is better to look scruffily right than too smartly wrong , ' he says . It 's amazing how many drug-dealers try to behave like drug-dealers in a film . By and large , the Customs officers would sooner ` nab some nob on a private plane who thinks it allows him to sneak in a suitcase of cocaine than some kid from the Netherlands with a spliff in his sock ' -- though do n't let that make you feel over-confident . One of the hallmarks of a tip-top inspector is that he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' -- and no wonder . They are always confronting nuns smuggling in gin disguised as litre bottles of Holy water -- ` Another miracle ! ' The worst part of the job , however , is the strip-search . ` Every single hiding place and hole in the human body has , at one time , been used by smugglers . ' Frost has to snap on his Marigolds and wait for the ` swallowers ' and ` stuffers ' to void condoms filled with drugs into the lavatory pan . ` It becomes a waiting game , ' he says , philosophically . Yet such criminals are easy to spot . ` You try walking normally with half-a-kilo of drugs up your jacksy . ' There 's me thinking everyone arriving from South America had piles . It is not only narcotics , of course . Frost 's job is to detect and confiscate weapons , child porn videos , pirated medicines and counterfeit art . He has seen mobile phones containing tiny pistols and stun guns , and straw camels and donkeys from Spain and Tunisia crammed with used hospital bandages . He has to collect the duty due on imported diamonds , fur coats and Rolex watches . Contraband is destroyed , valuables handed to the Crown and booze poured away . ` The airport drains probably had the only alcoholic rats in the country . ' On one occasion , Frost had to board a Hercules aircraft from Nigeria , where a rat the size of a Shetland pony had been glimpsed in the hold . Though the police went in with their Heckler & Koch MP5 automatic rifles , it was Frost who did the deed , bashing the monster with a b & q garden spade . As ` death by rabies is a nasty way to go ' , our quarantine rules are strict . Frost also says that they look out for those strolling through the airport in flashy clothing , because he says ` It is better to look scruffily right than too smartly wrong ' Frost often has to do battle with rich folks in private Gulfstream jets who think their pets are exempt -- one lot even had the gall to suggest they were on their way to Balmoral to shoot grouse with the Queen . If their dog mixed with the corgis , Frost patiently explained , then the corgis also would have to be destroyed ... Horses , incidentally , are tricky animals to ship . They get so nervous and frightened , it is not unknown for them to bite their trainer 's fingers clean off at the knuckle . Corpses are n't given much peace , either . Did you know that if you croak abroad , it can cost £ 4,500 to repatriate the body , which has to be embalmed and secured in a zinc coffin ? -LRB- Hence the wheelchair and sunglasses gambit -- cheaper . -RRB- . As coffins are ` a good vehicle for contraband importation ' , these have to be rigorously searched -- a ghoulish task , especially if the deceased 's arm shoots up and its wig falls off . And it is also not unknown for stowaways in the hold to be crushed by the retracting undercarriage -- and to drop onto the runway at Stansted several hours later as a block of ice . No wonder , to ease the tension , Customs officers play wicked pranks on each other . ` Never fly into the airport where you also work ' is the strong advice . Otherwise , you can come back from Tenerife and your luggage will have been replaced on the carousel with concrete blocks . Eventually , Frost was upgraded from the rubber gloves to work in undercover surveillance . This meant the painstaking study of airline computer systems , which give details of ticket payments and full details of a passenger 's travel . -LRB- Privacy and freedom of movement ? Forget it . They know where we are , where we 've been and where we are all going . -RRB- . The Customs Investigation Division , which follows international drugs cartels and involves ` info gathering and smuggling ops ' , is based in a Georgian building near Tower Bridge , built in the days of old-fashioned pirates and ships flying the Jolly Roger flag . Here , Frost had to serve alongside MI5 and MI6 . The doings of the Serious Organised Crime Agency sound like the plot of a Guy Ritchie movie -- with traces of Breaking Bad thrown in . Further jaunty volumes of reminiscence are promised .