Aaron Hernandez looked full of promise in his 2007 high school yearbook picture . Aaron Hernandez was a rapidly rising star in the NFL . He was a key part of the New England Patriots offense , played in the Super Bowl and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $ 40million . He had a baby girl , a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $ 1.5 million mansion in the Boston suburbs . But even before the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013 - a crime for which he will now spend the rest of his life in prison - Hernandez was not the golden boy he seemed to be . His arrest for Lloyd 's murder was not the beginning of his criminal career - but rather just the first time he 's been held accountable for his actions . Hernandez has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding three other . Two of them , Lloyd and a man who says Hernandez shot him through the eye , were supposedly the star 's friends . After his father died , he had no one in his life to keep in on the straight and narrow . That , combined with his desire to be involved in the ` thug life ' on the streets in his hometown of Bristol , Connecticut , and escalating drug and alcohol use set the stage for the murders , family and friends have said . Scroll down for video . Hernandez was captain of his high school football team and rated as the best football player in the state of Connecticut in his senior year . Hernandez , seen here in a candid shot from his senior yearbook at Bristol Central High School , grew into a troubled , and very powerful , young man . Add into it , a history of escaping trouble thanks to coaches and cops allegedly covering for him . He had had at least three major run-ins with the law prior to his murder arrest - and managed to escape without charges every time . The 25-year-old made it out of a tough neighborhood in Bristol , Connecticut , but never seemed to leave the streets behind . A 2013 Rolling Stone article claimed that he maintained gang affiliation - and even allegedly got a Bloods gang tattoo - even after making millions in the NFL . As his career wore on , he became more distant from his family and closer with his alleged gang friends , Rolling Stone claimed . Additionally , he became increasingly paranoid and carried a gun everywhere he went . Rolling Stone claims he also began smoking the hallucinogen PCP , or angel dust . A family friend told the magazine that Lloyd 's murder was a result of Hernandez 's drug abuse . ` Do n't matter what it 's about : Aaron 's out of his mind . He 's been twisted on dust now for more than a year , which is when all of this crazy s *** started . ' The magazine accuses Hernandez of being involved in a ` thug life ' that was apparent even to New England head coach Bill Belichick . When he was arrested he was only ` one step ' from being cut from the team over the issues , it was claimed . A friend told Rolling Stone that Hernandez chose to surround himself with a ` crew ' of so-called gangsters , rather than hanging out with his team mates or other athletes . ` One of his uncles went to Boston to talk to him , and these scary-looking dudes are hanging out in his game room . They would n't say hi or shake his hand , and when he brought it up to Aaron , he laughed him off , ' a friend told the magazine . Star : Aaron Hernandez played in the Super Bowl as a key piece of the New England Patriots offense in 2012 . Hernandez was a star high school player from a bad neighborhood in Bristol , Connecticut . He revered his father Dennis Hernandez , who was himself a local sports legend - and also a petty criminal as a teen . According to former coaches from Bristol , Dennis kept his son on the straight-and-narrow . When his father died in January 2006 from complications from a routine surgery , Aaron became withdrawn . ` It was very , very hard , and he was very , very angry , ' his mother Terri told USA Today . ` He was n't the same kid , the way he spoke to me . The shock of losing his dad , there was so much anger . ' When Aaron 's father died , his mother Terri moved her new husband into the family house . According to police reports , the new husband was violent and physically abused Terri . Jeffrey Cummings was also a convicted drug dealer . In July 2010 , he allegedly stabbed Terri Hernandez during a fight . Following the death of his father , as a 17-year-old senior , Hernandez was named as the best football player in Connecticut . Also in Bristol , he met his longtime partner and future mother of his young daughter , Shayanna Jenkins . She has continued to stand by the troubled star - even enduring arrest for perjury for refusing to disclose exactly about what happened following Lloyd 's murder . In 2006 , an offer to play football for the University of Florida Gators on scholarship seemed like a fresh start . Coach Urban Meyer helped counsel him during his time there and even assigned Tim Tebow to look after him . Hernandez scored one the Patriots ' two touchdowns during Super Bowl XLVI in 2012 . April 28 , 2007 - Police called after Hernandez , a University of Florida football player , punches a waiter at a bar . September 2007 - Hernandez questioned after two men shot in drive-by shooting in Florida after fight with Hernandez at club . August 30 , 2008 - Hernandez suspended for one game after testing positive for smoking marijuana . June 8 , 2010 - Hernandez inks deal with New Endland Patriots after being drafted in the fourth round . February 5 , 2012 - Played in Super Bowl XLVI . July 16 , 2012 - Two immigrants from Cape Verde are shot dead in the car in South Boston . Hernandez suspected . Hernandez is accused of murdering Daniel de Abreu -LRB- left -RRB- and Safiro Furtado -LRB- right -RRB- in 2012 - and then playing an entire season of football . August 27 , 2012 - Patriots sign Hernandez to five-year , $ 37.5 million contract extension . November 2012 - Hernandez 's fiance Shayanna Jenkins gives birth to their daughter , Avielle Janelle . February 13 , 2013 - Hernandez allegedly shoots friend in the eye outside Miami strip club after argument . June 17 , 2013 - Odin Lloyd gunned down in an industrial lot near Hernandez 's home . June 26 , 2013 - Hernandez arrested and charged with Lloyd 's murder . June 26 , 2013 - Patriots kick Hernandez off team within 90 minutes of arrest announcement . May 5 , 2014 - Hernandez charged with beating fellow inmate and threatening a jail guard . May 15 , 2014 - Hernandez indicted for double-murder in South Boston . January 29 , 2015 - Odin Lloyd murder trial begins . April 15 , 2015 - Sentenced to life in prison without parole after conviction on murder and weapons charges in Lloyd 's death . In 2009 , he helped lead the team to a national championship . But problems began to emerge as well . In April 2007 as a 17-year-old freshman , Hernandez ordered two drinks at a Gainesville , Florida , bar then refused to pay . When a waiter escorted him outside , the football star waited until his head was turned then allegedly punched him in the head , bursting his eardrum . Police were called and recommended that Hernandez be charged with felony assault . Meyer , Florida 's legendary football coach , intervened and no arrest was ever made , according to Rolling Stone . That same year he was also questioned in connection with a drive-by shooting in which two men were shot , one in the head , following a fight over a gold necklace with Florida Gators football players at a nightclub . He was never charged and no one was ever arrested . Shayanna Jenkins , seen here in her 2007 yearbook picture , met Hernandez in high school . In 2008 , he was suspended from the first game of the year for testing positive for marijuana . Rolling Stone claims that his drug violations may have been even more pronounced and that he failed more drug tests than the one that was released publicly . Following those incidents , he seemed to turn a corner . He was drafted in 2010 in the fourth-round by the Patriots . Many scouts said his talent merited a first-round pick , but teams were so concerned about his off-the-field behavior and connections to street gangs that they refused to draft him . His return to New England after being drafted by the Patriots allowed him to reconnect with the bad influences from his childhood , friends have said . On the Patriots , he made massive impact on the field . He quickly became one of quarterback Tom Brady 's favorite targets . In three seasons , he scored 18 touchdowns and had nearly 2,000 yards receiving . In February 2012 , he appeared in Super Bowl XLVI and caught a 12-yard pass from Brady for a touchdown . In 2012 , the Patriots signed their star to a 5-year , $ 37.5 million contact that included more than $ 12.5 million in signing bonuses . In June 2012 , he went to Los Angeles with his fiancee Shayanna Jenkins . While there , police were called to his apartment on a domestic violence call after neighbors dialed 911 . When cops arrived , Hernandez was dismissive and Sayanna made it clear that she did n't want to press charges , so they left . On July 16 , 2012 Daniel Jorge Correia de Abreu , 29 , and Safiro Teixeira Furtado , 28 , who immigrants from Cape Verde , were found murdered in their car in South Boston following a drive-by shooting . They had reportedly gotten into a fight with Hernandez and his crew at a night club prior to their murders . In May 2014 , prosecutors indicted Hernandez for both killings . He still faces trial on those murders . On the same month that Lloyd was murdered , a former friend filed a lawsuit against Hernandez claiming the NFL star had shot him in the mouth in February 2013 following a fight at a Miami strip club . The man , Alexander Bradley , lost his eye in the shooting and subsequently testified against Hernandez at his murder trial . In February 2014 - following his arrest for murder - he was allegedly involved in a jailhouse fight and for threatening a jail guard . He was later indicted on those charges and faces trial for them , as well .