An accomplice who was aged 16 when he held a knife to Pamela Smart 's husband 's throat before a friend shot him dead has been granted parole after 25 years . Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart 's throat as his friend Billy Flynn , shot him in the head . Flynn was Pamela Smart 's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request . Patrick Randall -LRB- pictured -RRB- was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart 's throat as Billy Flynn , who was Pamela Smart 's then-16-year-old lover , shot him in the head . Dean Smart , brother of Gregory Smart , speaks to Patrick Randall , left , with his attorney Mark Stevens during Randall 's parole hearing on Thursday . Randall , 17 , testifies in Rockingham County Superior Court in Exeter , N.H in 1991 . Flynn was paroled last month ; Smart is serving life without parole after being convicted of plotting the murder . Now 41 , Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he wo n't be released until after June 4 . Smart was media coordinator at Winnacunnet High School in Hampton , where both boys were students , when she first seduced Flynn in the months before her husband was killed . Flynn testified that she told him she needed her husband killed because she feared she would lose everything if they divorced . Pamela Smart -LRB- seen in 1991 -RRB- was convicted of conspiring with her teen lover , William ` Billy ' Flynn , to kill her 24-year-old husband , Gregory Smart . Smart is serving a life without parole sentence . In this 1991 file photo , Flynn testifies on his 17th birthday how he shot Gregory Smart in the head . He said she threatened to break up with him if he did not kill Gregg Smart . On May 1 , 1990 , Randall and Flynn entered the Smarts ' Derry condominium and forced Gregg Smart to his knees in the foyer . As Randall held a knife to the man 's throat , Flynn fired a hollow-point bullet into his head . The trial was a media circus and one of the first high-profile cases about a sexual affair between a school staff member and student . It inspired the Joyce Maynard novel ` To Die For , ' which in turn was made into a movie starring Nicole Kidman . Murdered : Smart 's husband , Gregory Smart -LRB- seen on their wedding day -RRB- , was shot in the head in May 1990 . Randall and Flynn pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and after plea bargains eventually got sentences of 28 years to life . In March 2009 , a judge knocked three years off Randall 's sentence over the objection of prosecutors who noted that he was involved in a jailhouse assault 15 years before . The judge said Randall 's record otherwise had been spotless and that he had shown extreme remorse . Two other teenagers served prison sentences and have been released . Pamela Smart , who was 22 when her husband was killed , was convicted of being an accomplice to first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole . She has admitted seducing the boy but said she did n't plan her husband 's murder . She was moved to a women 's prison in New York state for unspecified security reasons . Smart has consistently lobbied for her release , maintaining after Flynn was granted parole that if the person who pulled the trigger could be freed , she deserves the same chance . The case inspired the 1995 movie ` To Die For . ' In the film , Nicole Kidman plays a woman named Suzanne Stone , who becomes involved in a relationship with a teen , played by Joaquin Phoenix .