Daniel Sturridge faces a fight to be fit for Liverpool 's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa on Sunday after being left out of their game against Newcastle United with an injury problem . Liverpool striker Sturridge was left out of the squad entirely for Monday night 's Barclays Premier League clash at Anfield after picking up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week . And now manager Brendan Rodgers has admitted that his star striker , who has missed much of the season through injury , will have his fitness monitored ahead of the Wembley clash on Sunday . Daniel Sturridge faces a fight to be fit for Liverpool 's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa on Sunday . Liverpool striker Sturridge was left out of the squad entirely on Monday after being taken off at Blackburn . When asked about why Sturridge was absent from his squad , Rodgers said : ` He got injured at Blackburn . ' -LRB- He is -RRB- obviously unavailable fitness-wise for tonight , so we 'll see how he goes for the rest of the week for the semi-final at the weekend . ' The Cup provides Liverpool 's last hope of silverware in Steven Gerrard 's final season at Anfield , and the Reds captain could return at Wembley after seeing out the last game of his suspension against Newcastle . Manager Brendan Rodgers said that his star striker would be monitored ahead of the semi-final at Wembley . Steven Gerrard could return at Wembley after seeing out the last game of his suspension against Newcastle . Liverpool are already without Mamadou Sakho , Adam Lallana and Mario Balotelli through injury and illness but retain hopes of a top four spot in the Premier League with Manchester City having suffered a recent slump . Sunday 's 4-2 defeat for City by Manchester United put Liverpool in a position to move within four points of the fourth-placed side , and Rodgers said his side can still make it into next season 's Champions League . ` There 's still 21 points to work hard for and get , ' he said on Sky Sports . ` It 's clear that it 's still open but there 's a lot of work to do and ahead of us , obviously , is a difficult game tonight . ' Marouane Fellaini scored as Manchester City were crushed 4-2 on Sunday , and now Liverpool can close in .