A physician , 93 , who team doctor for five U.S. men 's Olympic hockey squads , including the ` Miracle on Ice ' team that won in the 1980 's , has suffered serious injuries in an attack while visiting his wife 's grave on Sunday . George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta 's grave . He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head . Scroll down for video . Injured : Dr. George Nagobads , pictured in 2010 with his Hall of Fame plaque , was allegedly attacked on Sunday by a teenager in a cemetary . Visiting his wife : Nagobads was visiting his wife 's grave at The Crystal Lake Cemetery when he was allegedly beaten with a snowbrush . After allegedly being attacked by a snowbrush on Sunday , a bloodied Nagobads managed to get back in his car and drive away . Nagobads , who is recovering at home , said on Tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating . He told The Star Tribune that he suffered a slight concussion and was kept overnight for observation . Video courtesy Fox 9 . ` I brought new flowers and was just stooping down , ' said Nagobads of honoring his wife Velta Nagobads who died in 2005 . Nagobads said that by throwing his wallet in attempt to distract the teen he was able to get away without further harm . ` I 'm so lucky . ... I used that little trick and threw the wallet to get to my car ' about 40 yards away , the doctor said . As the boy picked up the wallet , Nagobads continued , ` I was running ... really fast . I was surprised how I could run like this . ' Victory : He was the doctor fro the ` Miracle on Ice ' team that won the improbable gold medal in Lake Placid . Miracle on Ice : Nagobads was team doctor for the famous ` Miracle on Ice ' team that won Olympic gold in 1980 and that inspired the 2004 movie ` Miracle ' Nagobads said that he bled heavily while behind the wheel of his car and risked being stopped by a cop . ` I drove way over the speed limit . If a cop catches me , that 's fine , ' he said he thought after the attack on Sunday . Witness Justin McCarthy says he saw a young man around the age of 14 or 15 looking through a wallet near the mausoleum before fleeing by bicycle and jumping over a fence . ` I saw the kid there . I put two and two together , and I just got really mad , ' said McCarthy . McCarthy said he chased the teen but not very far . ` I 'm 52 and I 'm kind of fat . It was n't going to happen . ... I was completely exhausted , ' said McCarthy . Mccarthy said that Nagobads told him , ` I gave him my wallet , and he still tried to kill me . ' Nagobads was the University of Minnesota men 's hockey team physician for 34 years until his retirement in 1992 . He also worked for the Minnesota North Stars in the late 1980s and early 1990s . And he was team doctor for the famous ` Miracle on Ice ' team that won Olympic gold in 1980 . He was played by Kenneth Welsh in the 2004 movie ` Miracle , ' about the USA 's improbable gold medal run in Lake Placid . The cemetery is owned by Bill McReavy , who said , ` This is an isolated incident and we are looking at it very closely . ' Unfortunately , It was n't captured on security video . Spotted : Witness Justin McCarthy says he saw a young man around the age of 14 or 15 looking through a wallet near the mausoleum before fleeing by bicycle and jumping over a fence .