Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad . The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa , but acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club . Young now feels he has an important role under Louis van Gaal , and told manutd.com : ` I was looking around and thinking I was in the top six or seven who have been here the longest now . Whereas I used to say I was a youngster , now I can only say that by my name . Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad under Louis van Gaal . The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa and feels he has a role to play at United . ` To be honest , a few of my team-mates have mentioned my name when they talk about characters and jokers and it 's always nice to hear that . You have got to have good team spirit and we have got that here . We always have done . ` There are people who like to mess about and do different things in the dressing room . There are big characters in the dressing room and everyone gets on with everybody else . The team spirit we have got here is brilliant . ' Young had to be patient but the winger says easing himself in was only natural when he had to meet his new team-mates and get used to a different dressing room . ` When I first came here , I knew a few of the lads from playing with them for England but I did n't really know what to expect , ' Young added . ` When you settle in properly at a club , your character starts to come out more and more . ` With me , I 'm always there or thereabouts when there is any mucking about or things going on in the dressing room . ' Young acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club but believes that is only natural . Young tries to beat Tottenham Hotspur goalkeeper Hugo Lloris to the ball during their Premier League match . Young feels he and Wayne Rooney -LRB- left -RRB- are among those that have had to share the responsibility . Being a senior member of the squad , Young feels he has had to share the responsibility with captain Wayne Rooney following the departures of Nemanja Vidic , Rio Ferdinand and Patrice Evra . ` When you 've got Vida , Rio and Evra leaving , individuals who were not only big characters but captains , people have to step up and take over that mantle , ' Young stated . ` It has definitely happened . You give out more advice and try to help the youngsters along but it 's everybody 's job really . Everybody chips in . ` We 've got one captain but , when we 're on the pitch , there are 11 captains and everyone wants to be pulling in the right direction and wanting to perform and do as we well as we can as a team . When you have got that on and off the pitch , it 's great . '