Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has branded the six United players who withdrew at short notice from Saturday 's match against Charlton a ` disgrace ' and called for them to be sacked by the club . Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci , Giuseppe Bellusci , Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri , Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London . Redfearn , speaking after his side lost 2-1 at The Valley , described it as a ` freakish ' set of events . According to the manager , Silvestri had been rested since sustaining a knock but had been expected to recover , while Antenucci and Canu declared themselves unfit after training on Thursday with the rest pulling out following a ` light ' session on Friday . Neil Redfearn had a depleted squad to pick from when six Leeds United players pulled out at late notice . Mirco Antenucci was among the six players to withdraw from the squad ahead of the defeat by Charlton . But Cherry was unimpressed and wants the players out of Elland Road . ` I would sack them and take the PFA -LRB- Professional Footballers ' Association -RRB- on , ' he said on BBC Radio Five Live 's Sportsweek . ` I do n't think players can do that , it 's scandalous and it 's just another story for Leeds United that is disgraceful . He added : ` I do n't know exactly the players and it might be one or two of them have got a good excuse , but it sounds too stupid to be true . ' Striker Antenucci used Twitter to defend himself , as did goalkeeper Silvestri who posted a picture of a cut on his back suffered against Norwich on Tuesday night . However , Cherry questioned if they were legitimate reasons to withdraw . ` In the old days you used to play with anything , cuts or one thing or another , ' he said . ` The managers had a big say in whether you were fit or not . You did n't just come in and say ` I 've got a headache , I 'm going home ' . I 'm sure with George Graham or Don Revie , I ca n't imagine what would have happened if you 'd have done that . ' Giuseppe Bellusci , Antenucci and two other Italians were among those who made themselves unavailable . The withdrawals are just the latest incident in another turbulent period at Leeds . Redfearn 's position at Elland Road has become increasingly threatened over recent weeks , despite leading the club to Championship safety after taking over from ill-fated predecessors David Hockaday and Darko Milanic . He saw assistant Steve Thompson lose his job without warning on April 2 and his own deal , which expires at the end of the season , looks increasingly unlikely to be renewed under the club 's current regime . The withdrawals , including Souleymane Doukara 's , are the latest incident in another turbulent period at Leeds . Club president Massimo Cellino has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy , but is due to return in a fortnight 's time . Cherry , who played for Leeds between 1972 and 1982 , was left to lament the situation at his old club . ` It 's a club that 's a shambles and has been a shambles for 10 years , ' the ex-England defender said . ` We just stutter from disaster to disaster , joke to joke . If it was n't sickening it would be funny . You could n't write a book about Leeds United and what 's happened . ` Personally , I do n't know the Italian guy but I do n't think he realises the size of the club , it 's just a little play thing and he 's making a mess of it in my opinion . ' Club president Massimo Cellino has been banned since January but is due to return in a fortnight 's time .