Arsenal defender Calum Chambers has enjoyed a promising start to his career in North London , with his versatility proving a key asset in the Gunners backline and is adamant he will play a central part in their future success . During a fine debut season Chambers , who signed from Southampton last July for £ 16million , has established himself as a first team regular having already made 36 appearances for Arsenal . There was a point before Christmas when Wenger admitted to overplaying Chambers with only Santi Cazorla -LRB- 45 -RRB- , Alexis Sanchez -LRB- 44 -RRB- and Per Mertesacker -LRB- 40 -RRB- having appeared more times for the Gunners this campaign . Arsenal defender Calum Chambers has enjoyed a fine first season with the North London club . Having signed last summer , Wenger told the 20-year-old he will utilise him at centre back , with World Cup winner Per Mertesacker returning late from the German triumph in Brazil : . ` We went to Austria during pre-season and had a training session . The manager told me , `` You 're going to be training as a centre-half here because you may have an opportunity to play there at the start of the season '' , ' Chambers told the Sun . ` So I trained at centre-half a few times and it went from there . I made my debut in the Community Shield at Wembley and started a lot of games , Premier League and Champions League in that position . ' Chambers -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates as Arsenal continue a recent run of form to go second in the Premier League . Arsenal 's defender has gone from strength to strength following £ 16million move from Southampton in 2014 . Chambers caught the eye during his start to life at the Emirates and was also deployed at right back and in a central holding midfield role . However Chambers is determined to see his future in central defence for club and country . ` I do n't want to be known as a utility player who just slots in here , there and everywhere as I want my own secured position . But it 's good for me because it 's giving me more opportunities to get game time under my belt . ` Long-term , I think I 'll end up as a central defender . It 's my favourite position . ' Chambers works hard in training -LRB- left -RRB- as the Gunners prepare to face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final . Calum Chambers enjoyed his recent England trip to the Czech Republic with the Under 21 side .