Reading manager Steve Clarke insists the FA Cup needs protecting after some dubious scheduling decisions . Earlier in the competition the Third Round ties were split over five days due to New Years Day Premier League matches and to accommodate televised games . Reading had to play their FA Cup replay against Bradford in the last round on a Monday when they had played a Championship match two days previously . Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve so the FA Cup can be preserved . Should they progress to the final , that will be contested on May 30 leaving Clarke 's side almost a month without games when the Championship season ends on May 2 . The massive Premier League match between Chelsea and Manchester United is also scheduled to be televised at the same time as their semi-final against Arsenal at Wembley on Saturday . Clarke claimed he ` could n't care less ' about the conflicting match , but added : ` I thought it was a shame in the last round when we had to play on a Monday night after playing on a Saturday . Reading beat Bradford in the last round but face a much tougher task when they face Arsenal at Wembley . ` There are things that we should do to protect this great competition . It should be special . ` When we beat Arsenal , we have to wait four weeks after our last league game to play the cup final , this is also not correct . ` I probably need to go on holiday for two of them and then bring the team back in . It 's a long break . ` If we get to the final , what are we going to do from May 2 to May 30 ? What do we do ? Everyone else has played , so we wo n't be playing games . ` It 'd be a great puzzle to have though . Let 's talk about it on Saturday night . ' Reading defender Alex Pearce revealed the players are waiting until after the match on Saturday before booking any time off in May in case they beat Arsenal . ` Holidays are off until now , you ca n't book anything , you 've got to just see where you are and it would be great , ' he said . ` We 're all committed and dedicated to getting to this final . ' Arsene Wenger 's side are in formidable form and beating them will be a tough ask for the Royals .