Scott Kelley , now 50 , has been arrested a decade after he fled the U.S with stepdaughter Mary Nunes , and her mother Genevieve Kelley . A teacher who fled the U.S. with his stepdaughter and her mother ten years ago has finally given himself up in Costa Rica . Scott Kelley , now 50 , and stepdaughter Mary Nunes , now 19 , gave surrendered at the U.S. embassy on Monday and were flown back to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta airport , where Kelley was arrested . The pair fled New Hampshire in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley , Mary 's mother , during a custody dispute with Mark Nunes , Genevieve 's former husband and Mary 's father . Genevieve , now 50 , handed herself in last November , but refused to give up the location of her husband and daughter , who had not been seen for a decade until this week . Speaking to People magazine , Scott Kelley said : ` It was time to come home . ' He is now facing a charge of custodial interference , the same charge his wife is due to face in court next month . Kelley 's case dates back to December 2004 when Mark Nunes , a physician , was granted custody of daughter Mary , then eight , to take her for treatment for an unspecified illness . However , Genevieve , also a physician , refused to hand the girl over , instead taking her to Colorado for a second opinion , where a doctor diagnosed her with acute post traumatic stress disorder . While in Colorado , Genevieve alleged that Mr Nunes had sexually abused the girl , and then fled to South America along with current husband Scott . The state Division of Children , Youth and Families investigated and said any claims of abuse were ` unfounded , ' and instead concluded that Genevieve instead likely abused the girl . Charges were never brought , however , because by that point the Kelleys , along with Mary Nunes , had already vanished . Mary Nunes , disappeared when she was aged 8 -LRB- left -RRB- , and is now aged 19 -LRB- digitally aged version , right -RRB- . The Kelleys fled after Mark Nunes , Mary 's biological father , was granted custody of his daughter in 2004 . Genevieve -LRB- pictured -RRB- refused to hand her daughter over to Mr Nunes , and took the girl first to Colorado , then boarded a flight to South America and was not seen again for a decade . Despite well-publicized searches of the U.S. , Canada , and South America , and dozens of other appeals , there was no sign of the family until February last year . Shortly after Mary turned 18 , and was therefore no longer subject to the family court , Genevieve made contact with the authorities , but refused to come forward . Then , on Monday , November 13 , she finally appeared , saying she needed medical treatment for a son she gave birth to with Scott while she was in hiding . But despite pressure from officials , and pleas from her former husband , she refused to reveal the location of Mary , or husband Scott , saying only that the girl was safe . Then , on Monday , officials were alerted that Scott and Mary had come forward after the pair went to the U.S. Department of State office in Costa Rica to get travel documents to return home . Deputy Marshal Jamie Berry , New Hampshire case manager for the Kelley case , said marshals were alerted to the family 's travel arrangements , and stopped them as they landed . Genevieve , now aged 50 , was arrested by authorities in November last year after she came forward asking for medical treatment for a son that she gave birth to while in hiding . Scott and Mary were taken into custody at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Monday . Mary is now living at an undisclosed location in the U.S. , while Scott is in police custody . Mr Berry said : ` Investigators talked to her and made sure she was OK . We asked if she wanted any other arrangements , and she said no . We wanted to make sure she was there of her own free will . ` It 's been a long ten years . We had a lot of lookalikes we had investigated . We followed a lot of false leads , but we had to follow them all . Mary 's safe , and that was the overall goal for us . ' Mary has been released from custody and is now staying at an undisclosed location in the U.S. , officials said . It was confirmed that she plans to testify at her mother 's trial , which is due to begin next month . Genevieve Kelley had previously argued that her daughter should be allowed to testify by video , but a judge turned this request down , saying she needed to be questioned by prosecutors . Scott Kelley was jailed in Atlanta and could n't be reached for comment . If he does n't agree to return to New Hampshire , Berry said , extraditions proceedings will begin .