Newcastle stand-in skipper Moussa Sissoko is facing disciplinary action after he was sent off following a reckless challenge on Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva during Monday 's 2-0 defeat at Anfield . The France international was given a second yellow card for the offence , but head coach John Carver feels it should have been a straight red . ` The club will deal with that situation , ' he said when asked if Sissoko - who is now banned for two matches - would be punished . Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva clutches his leg after Moussa Sissoko 's tackle at Anfield . Sissoko hands the captain 's armband to boss John Carver as he leaves the pitch after being sent off . ` He knows he was wrong . He was fortunate not to get a straight red and he agreed with me . ` He apologised afterwards to Lucas , which was important . ` But you think captains would lead by example . We have to improve our discipline . I will be looking at that . ' Meanwhile , Carver says Newcastle can not rely on the shortcomings of others to preserve their Premier League status . The Magpies are the division 's most out-of-form side having lost five on the spin , scoring just one goal along the way . Liverpool 's players surround Lucas following Sissoko 's dangerous tackle during Monday night 's game . Raheem Sterling bends the ball past Tim Krul to open the scoring in Liverpool 's 2-0 win against Newcastle . They are nine points clear of danger with six matches to play , but Carver says it 's about time they started helping themselves , starting with Sunday 's visit of Spurs . ` These two home games -LRB- Spurs followed by Swansea -RRB- are massive for us . I 'm not bothered about performances , we need results , ' he said . ` I 'm not worrying about that -LRB- relegation -RRB- at the moment , and the good thing is we have four games at home . ` But we need to start winning now . We ca n't rely on others teams . We ca n't afford to ease off , I have always said that . ` We have gone through a rough spell . It 's down to me now to get players in right frame of mind . ' Newcastle 's players appear dejected as Joe Allen celebrates scoring Liverpool 's second goal at Anfield .