Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Liverpool 's home clash with Newcastle ... Liverpool vs Newcastle United -LRB- Anfield -RRB- . Team news . Liverpool . Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho will miss Monday 's visit of Newcastle with a hamstring injury . The France international came off in the first half of Wednesday 's FA Cup win over Blackburn but his absence will be lessened by the return from suspension of Emre Can , although Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard must serve the final match of their three-game bans . Mamadou Sakho -LRB- right -RRB- was forced off injured against Blackburn Rovers in Wednesday 's FA Cup replay . Striker Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness while manager Brendan Rodgers will wait to see if Mario Balotelli has recovered from illness . Provisional squad : Mignolet , Johnson , Can , Lovren , Moreno , Henderson , Lucas , Allen , Sterling , Coutinho , Sturridge , Jones , Toure , Enrique , Manquillo , Markovic , Brannagan , Lambert , Borini , Balotelli . Newcastle . Newcastle defender Daryl Janmaat should be fit to take his place in the team for Monday night 's Barclays Premier League trip to Liverpool despite an injury scare . The full-back , who has been playing in central defence because of skipper Fabricio Coloccini 's suspension , suffered a suspected tear to a calf muscle during the warm-up at Sunderland on Sunday , but managed to play the full 90 minutes and appears to have suffered no lasting ill-effects . Daryl Janmaat trains with Newcastle United in a running session on Tuesday . Coloccini will complete his three-match ban and striker Papiss Cisse sits out the fourth of his seven matches , but while midfielders Rolando Aarons -LRB- hamstring -RRB- and Siem de Jong -LRB- collapsed lung -RRB- have returned to training , neither will be involved at Anfield . Provisional squad : Krul , Elliot , Janmaat , Williamson , R Taylor , Satka , Sterry , Abeid , Anita , Colback , Sissoko , Gouffran , Cabella , Ameobi , Obertan , Gutierrez , Kemen , Riviere , Perez , Armstrong . Kick-off : Monday , 8 pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Liverpool 4/11 . Draw 7/2 . Newcastle 17/2 . Referee : Lee Mason . Managers : Brendan Rodgers -LRB- Liverpool -RRB- , John Carver -LRB- Newcastle -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Liverpool wins 75 , draws 39 , Newcastle wins 43 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Newcastle United have not done a league double against Liverpool since 1993-94 . Newcastle United have conceded at least once in their last 19 Premier League games at Anfield . Newcastle have lost four successive Premier League games . They have only ever been on one longer streak -LRB- six games in March-April 2014 -RRB- . Jordan Henderson has scored in four of his last five Premier League appearances . Newcastle 's Vurnon Anita is the only player to be substituted at half-time three times this season . Ayoze Perez scored the only goal of the game as Newcastle defeated Liverpool back in November . Liverpool had scored 84 goals at this stage last season , 39 more than they have currently . Liverpool have only once before had players sent off in three successive Premier League games -LRB- back in September/October 1999 -RRB- . Liverpool versus Newcastle games have seen a total of 130 goals , the joint-third highest scoring fixture in Premier League history and the most involving a team who have not been ever-present in the competition . Newcastle have picked up five red cards in their last five Premier League encounters with Liverpool , including two in this fixture at Anfield last season . Raheem Sterling has made 28 starts for Liverpool in the Premier League this season , already four more than in the whole of 2013-14 .