A police officer in Toronto , Ontario , has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest against homophobia , discrimination and any acts of bullying towards LGBT people . In celebration of Canada 's Day of Pink , an annual event aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the LGBT community , police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow police officer Luke Watson on Twitter , promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow , if the first image was retweeted 500 times . 560 retweets later and Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink , all in the name of spreading a message of tolerance and acceptance to the community . Tickled : Toronto officer Luke Watson was more than happy to sport his new hot pink hair in support of the Day of Pink event held on April 8 across Canada . Luckily for Ryan , Luke was more than pleased to undergo the transformation for the cause . A friend used spray-in hair color to transform his blonde locks to a shocking shade of fuchsia , and within no time Luke was ready to show off his new hairdo at the Day of Pink rally at Forest Hills Collegiate Institute in Toronto , where he arrived in a pink cruiser with his fellow police officers , who all wore pink shirts . The Day of Pink was born in Nova Scotia after two high school students intervened when a gay classmate , who was wearing a pink shirt , was being bullied . The pair of teenagers subsequently rallied with other members of the student body and donned pink in the days to come as an act of solidarity against bullying . Luke told Yahoo Beauty Luke said the response to his new hair color has been ` overwhelming ' . Preparation : Luke donned a pink cape and held a can of spray-in hair color while awaiting his transformation . Quick work : Within moments , Luke 's hair was a nearly-neon shade of pink . A prank gone pink : Ryan Willmer -LRB- left -RRB- received an overwhelming response after he volunteered his fellow officer Luke up for the makeover without him knowing . As for why Luke was the only one sporting the rosy locks , he explained that Ryan ` lacks in the hair department , so I am the guinea pig ' . After Twitter lit up over the pics of Luke and his new do , the officers tried to keep the hype going with a new promise : to keep Luke 's hair pink for seven days if they reach 1,000 retweets with an additional day for every 100 retweets on top of that . The numbers have already passed 3,600 . ` I 'll be keeping my hair pink for quite some time , ' says Luke . ` I did n't think such a simple gesture would become such a big thing , but it has brought awareness and opens up discussion . ' Result : Officer Ryan shared the photo of Luke on the left saying that 500 retweets would see his hair go pink , 1000 to keep it for a week and an extra day for every 100 thereafter .