Former England captain Mike Gatting believes Kevin Pietersen should not walk straight back into the international set-up , even if he piles on the runs for Surrey this season . Pietersen has returned to the LV = County Championship in a bid to stake a claim for an England recall , although the 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against Glamorgan on Sunday . England were held to a draw in the opening Test of a three-match series against West Indies last week , and calls for a Pietersen comeback continue to linger ahead of the Ashes this summer . Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season but scored just 19 against Glamorgan . ` There are a few bridges that still need to be rebuilt , ' said Gatting , who had just penned a congratulation message to James Anderson , England 's leading Test wicket-taker , as part of Slazenger 's celebratory flag tour . ` Even if KP scores runs there might not be spaces available . If Gary Ballance , Ian Bell and Joe Root play well , there might not be a place for him . ` You 've got to have somebody who is n't playing well to get Pietersen in . ` He does n't just come straight back - that would be unfair on the people in there at the moment . ` If he does get runs , fine , but that 's not the end of it . ` If people are playing well in the team , why should he just get straight in ? ' Pietersen is keen to play for England again after being sacked in 2014 . Bell and Ballance both hit centuries in Antigua while Root also showed signs of good form with scores of 83 and 59 . The scorecard was less encouraging for England captain Alastair Cook , however , who could only manage 11 and 13 , stretching his run without a Test century to 33 innings . Cook 's poor performances saw him removed as One-Day captain before the World Cup earlier this year and Gatting admits more questions will be asked of the England skipper if he fails to find runs against West Indies . ` Alastair knows what he 's got to do , he 's got to get some runs , ' Gatting said . ` We can keep speculating but I suspect at the end of the West Indies series , they 'll look at it and if he has n't got any runs there might be some questions asked . Gary Ballance scored a century in the first Test against West Indies . ` He might possibly get the series against New Zealand - the fact is Alastair has got more 100s than anyone else has and people do go through bad patches in their careers . ` Alastair has had a break , when he was left out of the One-Day series , he 's had time to get himself sorted . ` Maybe he needs a break from the captaincy , that 's for people to sit and decide , I suspect it 's about the runs though , not the captaincy . ` He 's a well-respected man in the team , the fact is he 's a batsman , he 's a captain and if he fails to get the runs somebody will have to make a decision . ' Cook 's future may be affected by who the England and Wales Cricket Board chooses for the new director of cricket role , created to replace sacked managing director Paul Downton . Mike Gatting has signed a giant flag congratulating Jimmy Anderson on becoming the leading England wicket taker in Test matches . Michael Vaughan , Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart have all been mentioned in connection with the post , but Gatting is unsure what the point of the position will be . ` I 've tried to think what the role could be , ' Gatting said . ` If it 's going to be someone more hands on with the team , how is that going to affect the coach ? ` Can it be any different to the job Paul Downton did ? You do need someone in charge of the overall structure . ` At the end of the day , it 's all about the players - it 's about how they perform . ` I just hope the ECB do n't rush into the decision and they get the right person , because different people will do a different type of job . ' Former MCC president Mike Gatting was signing Slazenger 's ` Congratulations Jimmy ' flag which will be touring the country this week . Slazenger is celebrating Jimmy Anderson becoming England 's all-time leading Test wicket-taker by giving 10 per cent off its entire cricket range . Visit store.slazenger.com and follow @SlazengerSport for more details .