A terminally-ill landlord whose dying wish was to marry his partner of 26 years saw their special day descend into farce after a series of blunders . Geoff Haigh , 61 , from Oldham , Greater Manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home . But , instead of having the magical day they had planned , the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly . Guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 10 times while it played over and over , and the couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on the first two . Geoff Haigh , 61 , from Oldham , Greater Manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather , 54 , after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer but the couple 's special day -LRB- pictured -RRB- was full of blunders . Guests at the couple 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- wedding were forced to listen to the song ` Wonderful Life ' 10 times in a row due to a blunder and their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on , rendering it invalid . Mr Haigh , who died weeks after the ceremony in November last year , was left so devastated by the day that he told his wife that he felt like he 'd let her down . In fact , the day was so full of blunders that all 11 guests wrote a separate letter of complaint to Manchester Register Office , which is based at Heron House in the city centre , where the pair said their vows . Mrs Haigh , 54 , said : ` Geoff was heartbroken by it all . He kept apologising to me and saying he 'd wished we 'd got married years earlier and done it properly . ` He was devastated , as the way he saw it , this was his final gesture for me and it had been ruined by their thoughtlessness . ' The couple had initially dreamed of getting married abroad once Mr Haigh discovered his advanced pancreatic cancer was terminal . However , the landlord of The Ram 's Head pub , in Oldham , was distraught to discover that his tumour was too large for him to fly safely . The pair then settled upon the Manchester venue as it was not too far from their home . It took three people two hours to get Mr Haigh ready for his big day and , determined to make the day perfect for his bride-to-be , he battled through pain to make it to the venue . Mrs Haigh , 54 , said every guest at the ceremony - held in November last year in Manchester - wrote a letter of complaint . She has three marriage certificates -LRB- pictured -RRB- as the first two were riddled with errors . The couple had an examiner testing the registrar doing their ceremony -LRB- pictured -RRB- and were given an invalid marriage certificate as it featured the wrong date . An amended version posted later was full spelling errors . However , it was upon their arrival at the venue that the catalogue of errors began . They said they found the register office dirty and claimed they were forced to wipe dirt from the seats before they sat down . Then they noticed a woman sat at the back as they said their vows , which turned out to be an examiner testing the registrar . Mrs Haigh , a mother of three , said : ` There was some random woman sat at the back who none of us knew and it was only after I asked I was told she was assessing the registrar to see how she did on the day . Geoff Haigh and his wife Heather endured a catalogue of blunders during their wedding day . ` It felt like they were merely using us a practice go , like our special day was not the real thing or of any importance to them . ' After the bride and groom said their vows , guests were left on their own to the sound of their bridal music ` Wonderful Life ' while the registrar went out of the room . Unbelievably , almost half an hour passed before she returned and the song played 10 times over before Mrs Haigh was compelled to take action . She said : ` Everyone was groaning when the song kept coming back on . We could n't believe it . ` It had been a special song for us but it is definitely tainted by that day now . ' After the ceremony , as they went off to enjoy their wedding reception at city centre restaurant San Carlos , the couple were informed that they would have to return to the register office as officials had logged the wrong date on their marriage certificate . They were instructed to go back to the venue to have the gaffe corrected , otherwise their marriage was invalid . Mrs Haigh told officials that her husband was too ill and could barely walk so they would have to post the amended certificate instead . However , when the second certificate arrived in the post , it was addressed to Mrs Haigh in her maiden name ` Taylor ' and included spelling errors on the document . A third certificate then had to be posted out to the couple . Mr Haigh -LRB- above -RRB- passed away in January this year , just weeks after his wedding to long-term partner Heather . The couple decided they wanted to get married when he was diagnosed as terminal late last year . Mrs Haigh -LRB- left -RRB- said her new husband -LRB- right -RRB- was left devastated by the series of blunders and said he felt like he had let her down . She has received £ 137 from the Manchester register office following the calamity day . Mrs Haigh said : ` It felt like they did n't recognise we were married and that really hurt Geoff before he died . ` It made if feel like the whole thing did n't happen , like it meant nothing at all . It was devastating . ` The guests were all in tears for us . They were all absolutely disgusted and no one could believe the day could have gone so atrociously . ' The newlyweds were offered a £ 137 refund but Mrs Haigh said they were told by the register office that there was not a significant enough ` loss ' to warrant compensation . She said : ` It was n't about the money , but to say there was no loss ignores the emotional cost it took on my husband . ` It was the arrogance and flippant attitude that hurt even more . They said `` we all make mistakes and we are only human '' . ` That 's fine when you make mistakes in a restaurant with someone 's food but when you are dealing with a terminally ill man 's dying wish and the most special day of our lives , that attitude is not acceptable . ' The wedding day was so full of blunders that all 11 guests wrote a separate letter of complaint to Manchester Register Office , which is based at Heron House -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the city centre , where the pair said their vows . The family has since received an apology from Manchester City Council , which runs the register office based at Heron House . A spokesman said : ` I 'd like to offer our sincerest apologies to Mrs Taylor as the ceremony did not meet her expectations . ` These types of problems are thankfully exceptionally rare and our registry staff are incredibly conscientious . They understand that they play a vital role in the most important day of a couple 's life and would never knowingly do anything to spoil or delay a wedding . ' However , tragically , Mr Haigh died on January 4 this year before receiving the apology . His wife added : ` Geoff was determined not to die over Christmas because he said it would ruin it for everyone after he was gone for years to come , and he did n't want that for us . The energy it took from him to hang on , I could n't believe . '