The shooting of African-American , father-of-four Walter Scott by a white cop has provoked a torrent of anger and grief from celebrities on social media . Mr Scott , 50 , was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston , South Carolina , when he ran from the cop . Pop star and member of Destiny 's Child , Michelle Williams , wrote : ` Once again ... #WalterScott ' and added a broken heart . Singer Janelle Monáe said : ` This brought tears to my eyes . #WalterScott reminds me of my uncle , family . Can only imagine the pain his fam feels . ' Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words : ' #WalterScott ' . Scroll down for video . Destiny 's Child member Michelle Williams tweeted about her grief over the shooting of father-of-four Walter Scott in South Carolina on Saturday . A number of celebrities joined a torrent of outrage from Twitter users over the shooting on Walter Scott . Rapper Big Boi simply published a black square with the words : #WalterScott . Singer Janelle Monae also added her condolences on Twitter following the shooting of the father-of-four . Musician Questlove shared his anger with followers through his posts after it emerged that Scott had been running from the cop with his back turned when he was shot dead . Mr Scott , 50 , was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston , South Carolina and pronounced dead at the scene . Musician Questlove wrote : ` I believe in waiting to hear everything before casting opinion . But allow me the preemptive ... uh ... shot of `` I feared for my life '' my ass . ' He went on : ` Can you imagine the amount of murders that went down before the age and development of cell phone videos ? this did n't start this year . ' The star added : ` i was numb , now I 'm angry . i rarely cuss here out of respect . but I 'm angry as f *** . good night . ' Actor Isaiah Washington tweeted : ` Okay , watching the #WalterScott video was horrible , but I think the brave person who captured the murder is a Hero and a Godsend #Truthdom . ' The former Grey 's Anatomy star also changed his profile picture to that of a statue which was created by artist Phillip Hyman on a South Carolina roadside in honor of Scott 's death . Officer Slager initially claimed that he feared for his life and Scott wrestled a Taser from him . However a video emerged on Tuesday of Slager firing at the victim eight times when he was 15-20 feet away with his back turned . Actor Isaiah Washington tweeted : ` Okay , watching the #WalterScott video was horrible , but I think the brave person who captured the murder is a Hero and a Godsend #Truthdom ' A sculpture was placed by the roadside in Charleston , South Carolina as a memorial following the shooting of unarmed , black , father-of-four Walter Scott . Comedian Orlando Jones , who comes from the same state , as Walter Scott , shared his anger on Twitter . Slager was charged with murder on Wednesday and could face the death penalty . South Carolina Senator Tim Scott also added his thoughts on the killing , describing Mr Scott 's death as ` unnecessary and avoidable ' . He added : ` My heart aches for the family and our North Charleston community . ' Writer-director Joss Whedon tweeted : ` At this point , the Slager murder seems like a message , a mafia thing , like it 's meant to shut people down or set them off . IT HAS TO END . ' TV anchor Geraldo Rivera added : ` No spin-video clearly shows white N. Charleston cop shooting fleeing black man 8 times in the back ... If this guy 's acquitted I 'll join protest . ' Mr Scott , -LRB- pictured left -RRB- a former U.S. Coast Guard , leaves a fiancée , his parents , siblings and four children after he was shot dead by a police officer . Right , Michael Slager has been charged with his murder . Destiny 's Child singer Michelle Williams -LRB- left -RRB- and RnB star Janelle Monae both posted on their Twitter accounts about their grief over the death of Mr Scott . Director Joss Whedon added his outrage to the cop shooting which was captured on camera on Saturday . TV host Geraldo Rivera had strong words following the shooting which led to the cop being charged with murder in South Carolina . South Carolina Senator Tim Scott also added his thoughts on the killing , describing Mr Scott 's death as ` avoidable '