Sir Alex Ferguson , the quiet years . No singular drive , no all-consuming discipline that keeps him on the go from pre-dawn ` til the streetlights are burning bright . As this most honoured of sporting knights puts it himself : ` I do n't have obsessions now . ' There 's certainly nothing that comes close to football for the famous Fergie , who has instead chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes ; at last count , he was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations . And it will surprise no-one to learn that , while doing his bit for UNICEF , Barnardo 's et al , a little of the old firebrand spirit still burns brightly . If you want to build a statue to a Govan radical who led a rent strike and changed more than just her own wee corner of the world , Sir Alex is the man you call . Sir Alex Ferguson watches on from the stands during Manchester United 's clash with Chelsea on April 18 . Ferguson , in Glasgow on Thursday to make a £ 5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund , actually physically writing out a cheque towards a permanent memorial , revealed that his life has n't so much slowed down as merely changed gear since he stepped down as Manchester United manager in the summer of 2013 . The 73-year-old , who had lived and breathed football since making his senior debut at the age of just 16 , was famous not just for the trophies won -- his haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily Britain 's most successful ever manager -- but the hours put in . Raised to believe that hard work was as necessary as breathing , Ferguson 's ability to push players hard was based at least in part on the example he set himself . That work ethic , simply part of his upbringing in Govan , is n't something he 's let slide just because he no longer has one demanding day job . ` What I 'm doing is making sure I remain active , ' said Ferguson , looking trim and at ease . ` That 's important when you retire , so I 've got many things on my plate . ` It 's funny , though . It 's a different kind of work . Whereas at United I was in at quarter to seven every morning , and be there to tea time every day , that was one constant thing all your life -- I was doing one thing . Ferguson celebrates United 's Premier League title victory in May 2013 with Rio Ferdinand . ` Now I 'm doing different things , which is maybe even more exhausting ! There is no one thing , nothing like that . I do n't have obsessions now . I do n't get up at six o'clock in the morning , that 's for sure . I have a long lie now and again . ' Football is no longer the dominant factor in his life , with even questions on the game receiving short shrift , although -- and this was n't always the case back in his managerial days - he was very polite in his refusal , answering the one out-of-bounds query by saying : Listen , Aberdeen are doing fantastic . They ' ve got a great manager and I love that club . But I 'm here to talk about Mary Barbour . I do n't blame you for asking ... ' Wherever Ferguson goes , he takes his native burgh with him , freely attributing a great deal of his sporting success to the lessons he learned either at home , at Harmony Row Boys Club or Govan High . ` Your upbringing is important , ' he said yesterday , adding : ` I think it 's the foundation of your life . I was fortunate enough to have good parents who did the best they could possibly do for me . ` There are many people who have said I came from a poor background . I do n't think people brought up in my time thought they were poor . Ferguson and then Everton boss David Moyes shout instructions from the sideline at Old Trafford in May 2013 . ` Talking about the role of the housewife and mother , they made sure the food was always on the table . That was the case with me . ` You were always dressed the best way you could possibly be -- and you were taught to be the best you can be . ` That came not just from the parents but from teachers at school . That was their role . I do n't think necessarily education is about learning lessons in school . It 's about inspiring you . And I was inspired by many people . ' Ferguson was n't taught about Mary Barbour at school , admitting that he 'd only come across her tale when looking through a book of historical Glasgow photographs complied by the great Harry Benson . Ferguson 's haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily Britain 's most successful ever manager . Barbour famously led rent strikes in Glasgow at the height of the First World War , forcing a change in the law with the introduction of the Rent Restrictions Act . A consistent campaigner throughout her life , she went on to become one of the city 's first female councillors , the first female Bailie and female magistrate . The fund-raising campaign is aimed at building a statue of Barbour , to be erected on Govan Cross , Ferguson explaining his involvement by saying : ` There was a connection with Govan , which is what stirred the real interest in me . ` There is that great photo of all the housewives in Govan standing outside the close ; that rent men was never getting in that close . That registers deeply with me . I 've looked at that photograph many , many times . That is where my interest comes from -- and it 's a great cause . ' For further information about the campaign please go to : RememberMaryBarbour.com . To donate go to www.justgiving.com/r-m-b-a , alternatively send a text to 70070 with the message RMBA15 £ then add the amount you wish to donate : £ 1 , £ 5 or £ 10 .