St Mirren skipper Steven Thompson has apologised to team-mate John McGinn after accidentally spearing him with a training ground pole . The Scotland Under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season after a prank at Saints ' Renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on Thursday . Gary Teale 's first-team squad were doing a dribbling drill when veteran Thompson lost possession to McGinn and stumbled into two poles which were intended for the players to run through . St Mirren 's Steven Thompson acidentally speared team-mate John McGinn with a pole in training last week . McGinn -LRB- left -RRB- will miss the rest of the season after being stabbed in the leg by the pole . Thompson threw one at McGinn in jest -- and to his horror it stabbed him on the leg , leaving him requiring hospital attention . Thompson subsequently scored two goals in Saints 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Saturday and is believed to have given his win bonus to his stricken team-mate . But on Sunday night the striker was still coming to terms with injuring one of the club 's brightest talents in such a bizarre manner . ` The whole thing has been a complete nightmare , ' Thompson said . ` John is going to be okay but I 'm mortified that it happened in the first place . I was having a carry-on and it turned sour . ` It was a stupid prank , something silly , and it ended with John being injured . I ca n't apologise enough . ' Thompson netted his 50th goal for his boyhood heroes at the weekend . But he insists it 's been impossible to get the training ground incident out of his mind . Thompson celebrates the first of his two goals against Kilmarnock in Saturday 's 4-1 victory . ` It 's all I 've been able to think about since it happened on Thursday , ' he added . ` I feel so bad . It was an accident but it 's still something I regret . ` We were doing a drill where , to score goals , we had to dribble between two poles which were sticking in the ground as gates . ` When I got to a set of poles John tackled me and one of the poles got stuck between my legs . ` It sounds stupid now but for banter I grabbed one of the poles and pretended I was doing some kind of Ninja move . ` I threw it into the ground behind John who , by this point , was running away and facing in the other direction . ` But as I did that , he did a Cruyff turn and the pole stabbed him in the leg . We were only a few feet apart . It was n't as if I launched it 10 metres like a javelin . He was right next to me . St Mirren boss Gary Teale shakes hands with his captain Thompson on the touchline at St Mirren Park . ` I just had n't counted on him changing direction when he did . ' Thompson could only watch in horror at what unfolded . ` It was just horrendous , ' he said . ` It was the worst thing I have seen in my life . Since then it 's all I 've been thinking about . ` It popped in and out of his thigh instantly and for a few seconds his leg was black . But then blood started pouring out of the hole . ` John was obviously in agony . A few of us carried him inside and he got treatment . It was horrendous . ` I 've been shocked by it and really down . I like a laugh and a joke in training but for this to happen is just unbelievable . ` Saturday was a big day for me but all I 'm thinking about is John . '