Accused : Dr Ram Manohar , 38 , of Barnston , Wirral , has denied four counts of sexual assault . A senior doctor facing sexual assault allegations from two separate nurses is accused of groping the breast of one of them and saying ` you bad girl ' after smacking her on the bottom . a & e consultant Dr Ram Manohar , 38 , is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013 , while working at Wirral 's Arrowe Park Hospital . David McLachlan , prosecuting , said Manohar offered to help Nurse A with her training on December 23 , 2013 , Liverpool Crown Court heard . He said she knew Manohar and , while in his room , asked for his help to learn about matters including chest X-rays . Mr McLachlan said : ` Without any warning Ram Manohar put his hand down her nurse 's dress and he put his hands into her bra . ' She said he moved his hand around but she had not asked for a demonstration . Nurse A said he later asked her a question about the heart , which she got wrong . She said : ` He smacked me on the bottom quite hard and said to me , `` you bad girl '' . ' Mr McLachlan said Manohar squeezed her left breast to indicate where her left ventricle was and while discussing breast lumps asked to see her nipple , but she refused . She said the conversation moved onto the femoral pulse . Mr McLachlan said : ` Without any word of warning he put his hand up her dress and down her tights . ' Manohar then allegedly touched her inappropriately . Nurse A said he told her ` this type of teaching is only for you ' before she left the room ` feeling disgusted with herself ' . She later told friends she felt ` violated ' before contacting police . Manohar told officers he had known her since working with her at the Royal Liverpool Hospital . He said after a night out she had asked him back to her house , but he had refused . He said she had also asked him on December 12 ` to find her a single and smart man because she was desperate ' . Manohar said on December 23 she unzipped her top , making him uncomfortable , and followed him around ` like a puppy ' . The doctor denied touching her inappropriately and said his office door had been open . He said she had been pointing to different parts of her body and ` if anybody had grounds to complain it would have been him , ' adding ` he did not find her particularly attractive ' . Manohar is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013 , while working at Wirral 's Arrowe Park Hospital -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Nurse A said he groped her breast after she asked him about chest X-rays . Nurse B alleged that Manohar touched her inappropriately on July 10 and October 31 , 2013 . She said the first time she went to a & e because she had pins and needles in her hands and feet . Nurse B said he examined and touched her genital area . However , she said she thought he had been professional and thanked him before he gave her a hug . She said on October 31 she saw him about a ` very bad headache ' and he treated her in a dark room , checking her reflexes before touching her genital area . The a & e consultant claims he had been pointing to different parts of Nurse A 's body and ` if anybody had grounds to complain it would have been him , ' adding ` he did not find her particularly attractive ' Nurse B again thought he had acted professionally and went to the hospital to drop off a thank you card . She said he invited her to meet him for coffee and she went to the hospital for ` a coffee type date ' because she did not know he was married . Nurse B alleged Manohar invited her into his office , kissed her , told her how beautiful she was and suddenly without warning put his hand into her knickers . Mr McLachlan said : ` She stopped him straightaway . He told her that he was married with children . ' Nurse B also reported him to the police . Manohar told officers he did not inappropriately touch her during either examination . He said she told him she had feelings for him but he said he was married and she started crying . Manohar admitted he then kissed her but said he did not think he had put his hand into her knickers . He said : ` I think she caught my hand and put it on top of her trousers or something . ' Manohar , of Barnston , Wirral , denies four counts of sexual assault . The trial continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .