Serena Williams will be 34 at the end of a summer that she looks all set to enter without having been beaten on tour in 2015 . She heads into Saturday 's final of the Miami Open with a 17-0 record , and will surely extend that winning sequence against the admirable but somewhat limited Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro . The somewhat scary thing about Williams is that , by her own admission , she is not even playing her best , and yet she is still ahead of the rest of the field by a country mile . Serena Williams celebrates after reaching the Miami Open final to continue her unbeaten run in 2015 . Williams was taken the distance by world No 2 Simona Halep in the semi finals in Florida . The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year and looks unbeatable . The younger of the two famous siblings currently has sore knees that are restricting her practice , and she was forced into a mighty struggle in the semi-final by world No 3 Simona Halep before coming through 6-2 4-6 7-5 . At least the Romanian , the WTA Tour 's second best player this season , was able to lay a glove on the world No 1 . Every other challenger seems to be struggling in their own way and , while there is no questioning the phenomenal and enduring quality of Williams , it also says something about the rest of the field that she will probably head into the clay court season unbeaten . 1 If she wins on Saturday she will have earned £ 4.33 m in prize-money already this season . 2 She has actually lost this season , to Agnieszka Radwanska in January ' s Hopman Cup , but the event 's status means it does not count in the official records . 3 Straight after the Australian Open , Serena flew all the way to Argentina to play one match for the USA in the Fed Cup -- which she needed to do to be eligible for next year 's Olympic Games in Rio -LRB- she beat Maria Irigoyen 7-5 , 6-0 -RRB- . 4 Serena has lost only five sets on tour this season , two at the Australian Open , one in Indian Wells , and two in Miami . 5 The player who has won most matches this season is Simona Halep on 26 , but she has also lost twice . ` Somehow I 've improvised my way to the final , ' said Williams , who could have finished Halep off in straight sets . ` I 'm just not at my best level right now and it 's a little frustrating . I am not serving well , I 'm serving at 40 % , so it has n't been my best of times . ' And yet still she keeps winning , with no sign of the implosions that cost her at the Grand Slams last year apart from the US Open . Last year was an unusual one for women 's tennis in that eight different players reached the finals of the Majors , but those who shared the biggest stages with Williams have , with the exception of Halep , failed to train on that much . In some cases it has been a trying season that has shown again how emotionally and physically taxing it is right at the top of the women 's game . The youngest of tennis ' most successful siblings drops to her knees after winning the Australian Open . Williams has won the last two grand slams at the US Open -LRB- left -RRB- and in Melbourne -LRB- right -RRB- . Wiliams was forced to withdraw ahead of the semi finals at Indian Wells , the only blemish to her 2015 showings . The 33-year-old was presented with a celebratory cake in Miami after winning her 700th career match . The exceptionally talented Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova has actually sat out the last two significant events , here and at Indian Wells , with exhaustion . Happily it appears likely that she will be returning for the clay court season . Eugenie Bouchard faces the intimidating task of backing up her remarkable breakthrough year of 2014 that few expected , and made a good start at the Australian Open by making the quarter final . Yet she was in tears at Indian Wells as she lost to world No 85 Lesia Tsurenko and afterwards admitted she needed to relax more . In Miami she lost her opening match to Germany 's Tatjana Maria , the world No 113 who is the highest ranked mother on the tour . America 's Madison Keys , universally tipped as a future Grand Slam champion , was another one who struggled to contain her emotions here when she went out to Sloane Stephens . Of last year 's other Grand Slam champions Li Na has retired while Maria Sharapova has yet to build on the strong start that she had in Australia . The world No 2 lost her opening match in Miami to Russian wildcard Daria Gavrilova and it is , in any event , difficult to build up any rivalry between her and Williams as she has lost against her the last sixteen times they have played . Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro is unlikely to provide much resistance against Williams in Saturday 's final . Halep is closest to challenging Williams ' dominance while Maria Sharapova needs to push on after a good start . Golden girl Eugenie Bouchard is a possible contender to challenge Williams after breaking through last year . America 's Madison Keys , universally tipped as a future Grand Slam champion , was another one who struggled to contain her emotions here when she went out to Sloane Stephens . Of last year 's other Grand Slam champions , Li Na has retired while Maria Sharapova has yet to build on the strong start that she had in Australia . Romania 's Halep , a relatively late developer whose game is based on her supremely athletic movement , right now looks the biggest threat to Williams , and she might well be the best long-term bet for the French Open .