Asian-American rock band The Slants , who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur , can not trademark the name because it is disparaging , a U.S. appeals court ruled on Monday . The decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights . The ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the National Football League 's Washington Redskins should lose its trademarks . The Slants , who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur , can not trademark the name because it is disparaging , a U.S. appeals court has ruled . The Portland , Oregon-based band , which plays a kind of grunge music it calls Chinatown Dance Rock , applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011 , and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians . The band appealed . Its lawyer , Ronald Coleman , argued that the name was a healthy reappropriation of a term usually considered a slur , much like the lesbian motorcycle club Dykes on Bikes , which did get a trademark . The band argued that in acting as a ` referee of political correctness , ' the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office violated the First Amendment . The three-judge panel of the Federal Circuit said there was evidence the term is offensive to people of Asian descent . It said that there was no free speech violation since a refusal to federally register a trademark does not prevent the applicant from still using it . The Portland , Oregon-based band , which plays a kind ofgrunge music it calls Chinatown Dance Rock , applied fortrademarks in 2010 and 2011 , and was rejected both times on thegrounds the name disparaged Asians . Despite upholding the rejection of The Slants trademark , U.S. Circuit Judge Kimberly Moore said in a separate , non-binding opinion that it might be time to revisit the federal trademark law 's disparagement provisions , which she said probably would not hold up under current free speech laws . The U.S. Supreme Court has said that even though some speech may be offensive , that ` does not justify its suppression , ' she said . The case has parallels to the Washington Redskins ' lawsuit against five Native Americans who successfully convinced the PTO in June to cancel the NFL team 's trademarks because that name disparages Native Americans . The team is appealing the cancellation , saying the disparagement provision violates the First Amendment . Coleman called Monday 's opinion ` unnecessarily politicized ' and said the band would likely seek review of the decision by the full Federal Circuit court . The USPTO declined to comment . The decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the FederalCircuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights .