A former prison officer has claimed staff at one of Britain 's toughest jails regularly arrange brutal fights between rival criminals behind bars . Peter Hiett , a decorated former prison guard at Feltham Young Offenders Institution , said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences . The 49-year-old , who worked at the jail for eight years and was commended for bravery , said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold , while others ` turned a blind eye to it ' . He also said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in Hounslow , south west London , leaving staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked . Scroll down for video . Peter Hiett , a decorated former prison guard at Feltham Young Offenders Institution in Hounslow -LRB- pictured -RRB- , claims staff regularly arrange brutal fights between rival criminals behind bars at Britain 's toughest jail . The claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club starring Brad Pitt , in which gangsters organise mass brawls in underground ` fight clubs ' . Mr Hiett told The Sunday People : ` It was like a sport for them . If two inmates had a grudge they 'd put them together in a room to sort it out . ` They only stopped when one was knocked out or could n't defend themselves any more . ' His revelations come after he left the prison in January last year , amid claims he was forced out for trying to lift the lid on the goings-on . He claims the in-fighting was often kept hidden from the overriding authorities , with the prison 's management setting up a Behaviour Management Group to ` fiddle the assault figures ' . He said common tactics were to treat group attacks as just one assault and to encourage inmates to admit to the lesser charge of health and safety over assault . The former officer said : ` There would be 15 or 20 lads from the same gang on the same wing . They would protect each other , deal drugs . ` And if they saw another gang member all hell broke loose -- their wars do n't stop when they 're behind bars . ` But if an inmate assaulted someone , the governor did n't want it written down like that . Staff would advise prisoners to admit a lesser charge . ' There were high levels of ` unpredictable and reckless ' violence among the 240 boys aged 15 to 18 at Feltham Young Offenders ' Institution last year , a report by Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Prisons found -LRB- file picture -RRB- . Claims from former prison officer Peter Hiett about Feltham echo that of scenes in 1999 film Fight Club -LRB- above -RRB- . Earlier this year , it was revealed that inmates at Feltham represent 48 different gangs , fuelling a ` constant juggling ' by prison officers to keep the boys apart . A report found there were high levels of ` unpredictable and reckless ' violence among the 240 boys aged 15 to 18 at the young offenders ' institution , a significant amount of which was gang-related . Around a quarter of the boys - most of whom are from the London area - were placed on so-called ` keep apart ' lists to tackle gang-related violence , inspectors from Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Prisons -LRB- HMIP -RRB- said . Former Feltham prison officer Emma Beard pictured outside court ahead of being jailed . Former prison offer Peter Hiett was also among the guards who reported fellow worker Emma Beard for performing sex acts on an inmate in his cell . Beard , a married mother-of-four , had sex with teenage murderer Danny McLean , then aged 18 , at Feltham Young Offenders Institution and even wrote love letters to him , which included intimate photographs . Beard , then aged 31 , pleaded guilty to misconduct in public office and was jailed for 12 months at Isleworth Crown Court in 2010 . Jailing her , Judge Oliver told her : ` You put the security of yourself and the other officers at the young offenders ' institution at risk and that is a serious matter . ` It has to be prison for you , you can not in your role , break the law and expect to get away with it . ' The number of fights and assaults had reduced since the previous HMIP inspection , but remained ` too high ' with 262 incidents between July 2014 and January this year , including 79 assaults on staff . Some incidents were deemed ` very serious ' by inspectors and involved gangs of boys attacking a single boy or member of staff in a ` very determined way ' . Feltham is divided into two sites , with boys aged 15 to 18 held in site A , and 400 young adults aged 18 to 21 in site B. Mr Hiett said he tried to raise his concerns several times internally before he eventually approached Jeremy Wright -- who was the Minister for Prisons at the time . Mr Wright ordered an inspection of the prison in March 2013 and called for a radical overhaul of the way the jail was run . Inspectors said it was one of the most concerning visits they had conducted . Despite calls for an overhaul , Feltham was named last year as the most violent prison in England and Wales by the Howard League for Penal Reform . But the authorities believe improvements are underway and it is simply taking time to see the changes because of the ` multiple challenges that need to be addressed ' . Following the publication of January 's report , Lin Hinnigan , the chief executive of the Youth Justice Board , said : ` It is clear from the report that , since the last inspection in 2013 , improvements to Feltham A have been made ; and we are grateful to the inspection team for recognising the dedication of the staff who work there . ` However , and as the report also acknowledges , the young people placed in Feltham are some of the most challenging of the cohort we have across the youth secure estate . ` Improving Feltham A is very much a work in progress , and will take time because of the multiple challenges that need to be addressed . ' In response to Mr Hietts ' claims , a spokesman for HM Prison Service told MailOnline : ` These inflammatory and damaging allegations are completely untrue and do a huge disservice to the hard working staff at YOI Feltham . ` It is totally untrue to claim that staff have been complicit in any acts of violence , or that there are `` no-go '' areas within the establishment . ` It is also absolutely wrong to say that figures relating to incidents at Feltham have been in any way altered . '