The potential domestic auction for Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling this summer could decide which of Chelsea , Manchester City or Manchester United lure Gareth Bale from Real Madrid . As first revealed in Football Grapevine last month , Liverpool have put a £ 50million price tag on Sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old . Should Sterling leave for one of the Barclays Premier League 's big three , then the other two will focus on trying to persuade Bale to leave Madrid . A potential domestic auction could be sparked for the purchase of Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling . Chelsea , Manchester City or Manchester United are among those watching Sterling ahead of the summer . It could decide where Gareth Bale ends up if one club gets Sterling and the other two miss out . It promises to become a tangled transfer web . Bale is , from a playing and commercial point of view , a far ` safer bet ' given his proven CV . But his fee of £ 75m and near £ 300,000-a-week wages mean his acquisition would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines . It 's also the case that Bale may not agree to a return to any of the three Premier League clubs who can afford him . Indeed he has indicated he would like to continue at Madrid . But such has been the adverse reaction of many Madrid fans to him this season he may find it difficult to ` tough it out ' . And the Spanish club may feel it is a good time to ` cash out ' . As it stands Liverpool will not budge from their £ 100,000-a-week contract offer to England international Sterling , whose advisors believe he is worth about £ 150,000 in the current market . Liverpool will not budge from their £ 100,000-a-week contract offer to England international Sterling . Bale -LRB- left -RRB- pictured during a Real Madrid training session with Portugal superstar Cristiano Ronaldo . Bale 's £ 75m fee and near £ 300,000-a-week wages mean his signing would restrict clubs under FFP guidelines . The stance of the Liverpool hierarchy , though , is they will not scrap their salary ladder scale for Sterling in the belief he has not yet justified moving up to their existing top bracket of £ 140,000-a-week that departing Steven Gerrard has been on or Luis Suarez pocketed before leaving for Barcelona . Given that he has two years left on his existing £ 35,000-a-week contract , the club feel if Sterling will not agree they should cash in , even if means selling to one of the rivals - even United . Argentine Paulo Dybala , dubbed by Palermo president Mauricio Zamparini as ` the new Sergio Aguero ' , is set to be on his way to the Premier League this summer . The destination depends on the outcome of the Sterling saga but both Liverpool and Arsenal are in for the 21-year-old . Paulo Dybala , dubbed ` the new Sergio Aguero ' , is set to be on his way to the Premier League . The destination depends on the outcome of the Sterling saga but both Liverpool and Arsenal fancy him . The 21-year-old currently plays for Palermo in Italy but could be on his way to England this summer . Liverpool have been strongly linked with a move for Arsenal 's Theo Walcott but the player 's wage demands may put off the Anfield outfit . Walcott signed a near £ 100,000-a-week deal with the Gunners just two years ago but is already seeking improved terms to commit himself to the club for a further five years . It remains to be seen whether Arsenal are prepared to up his wages again given his appearance record over the past two years which has been hampered by more injuries . Liverpool have been strongly linked with a move for Arsenal 's Theo Walcott during the summer . Walcott signed a near £ 100,000-a-week deal with the Gunners just two years ago but could leave London . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers would see Walcott as an ideal replacement for Sterling but would only want to pay about the £ 100,000-per-week mark . If Walcott was still attracted to a move to Anfield , where he would command more regular football , then Arsene Wenger would make a move for Dybala . If Sterling goes and Walcott stays with the Gunners , Liverpool could then move in for the highly-rated Dybala . He is a centre forward who can also operate on the wing and is currently valued in the £ 15m bracket . Marcelo Bielsa has emerged as one of the front runners to succeed Sam Allardyce as West Ham manager . If , as seems certain , the Hammers do not give Allardyce a new contract in the summer then the club could turn to Argentine Bielsa , currently in charge of Marseille , who lie third in the French league in touching distance of leaders Lyon . Bielsa has an impressive CV having managed the national teams of both Argentina and Chile . Marcelo Bielsa could join the Premier League if he replaces West Ham manager Sam Allardyce . Bielsa and Hernan Crespo relax before Argentina 's ill-fated 2002 World Cup campaign . Among the clubs he has managed include Athletic Bilbao in Spain , where he earned a reputation of promoting exciting football in a 3-3-3-1 formation . He is regarded as a progressive attacking coach with both Diego Simeone and Mauricio Pochettino influenced by the 59-year-old . But the appointment of Bielsa would still be a gamble by West Ham . Allardyce may not be handed a new contract during the summer by West Ham when his current deal expires . Bielsa could replace Allardyce if his current contract is not extended by Premier League club West Ham . Over the years he has earned the nickname EL Loco - ` The Mad One ' . His command of English is limited and he has little knowledge of the Premier League . The need for West Ham not to even be close to a relegation battle in their last season at the Boleyn Ground before moving to the Olympic Stadium , is obvious . Other contenders on West Ham 's long list include Slaven Bilic , Rafa Benitez , Brian Laudrup , Frank Rijkaard and David Moyes . Once Manchester United have completed the long-mooted move for Mats Hummels from Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season , they will - as also predicted here - set their sights on Southampton 's right back Nathaniel Clyne . It has been suggested United will offer striker Javier Hernandez , currently on loan at Real Madrid , as part of the deal to land by Clyne . But West Ham are also interested in signing Hernandez . Manchester United will set their sights on Southampton 's right back Nathaniel Clyne this summer . United are set to complete their highly anticipated move for Mats Hummels from Borussia Dortmund . Chelsea are set to move in for Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Rob Green to act as No 2 to Thibaut Courtois with Petr Cech on his way out of Stamford Bridge . Arsenal and Liverpool have been linked with Cech . Chelsea would prefer to sell £ 10m-rated Cech abroad . Real Madrid or Paris Saint-Germain are likely to be in the market . Chelsea are set to move in for QPR goalkeeper Rob Green to replace Petr Cech at Stamford Bridge . I am hearing . While on England duty Sterling was urged by several around the camp to take a step back and consider the potential downsides of leaving Liverpool at this stage of his career , even if he will land bigger wages for the time being . I hear it was even put to Sterling that the saga now unfolding is more in the short-term interest of his advisor Aidy Ward than his long-term progression as a player . Indeed the Liverpool player should look at what happened to Shaun Wright-Phillips a decade ago . Sterling was reportedly urged by people in the England camp to sit back and think before leaving Anfield . It was in 2005 that Wright-Phillips left Manchester City - before they were big time - for Chelsea in a £ 21m deal , which was massive at the time . At the time 23-year-old Wright-Phillips looked as though he could be a world beater . But he was never a regular at City and his hugely promising career both at club level and England never reached its potential . Now at QPR , 33-year-old Wright-Phillips has made one Premier League appearance this season . Shaun Wright-Phillips left City for Chelsea in a £ 21m deal in 2005 but he never reached his potential . I am also hearing . The Football Association , Premier League and the PFA will seek medical advice as to the safety of vanishing spray for free kicks which has been banned in Germany 's Bundesliga on health grounds on the basis it is ` hormonally active ' . Germany 's Bundesliga banned the vanishing spray on health grounds on the basis it is ` hormonally active '