Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt , who has served the club for almost 40 years , has quit the Bundesliga club in the fall-out of their shock Champions League defeat by Porto . Muller-Wohlfahrt claims the German champions ' medical department has been blamed for Wednesday night 's 3-1 first-leg defeat in Portugal which left their Champions League hopes hanging by a thread . The 72-year-old medical professional , renowned as a world leader in his field , said ` the bond of trust is damaged ' and called the blame centred at his department ` inexplicable ' . His son Kilian , Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel , who are all part of the team at Bayern , have also resigned . Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit in the fall-out of their shock defeat by Porto . The 72-year-old is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at Bayern for almost 40 years . Muller-Wohlfahrt -LRB- fourth from left -RRB- sits behind Pep Guardiola during the defeat on Wednesday evening . Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has often courted controversy with his methods . He claims that a substance called Hyalart , which is extracted from the crest of cockerels , helps lubricate knee injuries and take away pain . He also swears by Actovegin , an amino acid preparation derived from calves ' blood . In 2009 , he prescribed more than 50 injections of goat 's blood to St Johnstone striker Peter MacDonald for his hamstring injury . Among those to have been treated by him are Ronaldo , Usain Bolt , Michael Owen and Jose Maria Olazabal . Muller-Wohlfahrt claims to have administered more than one million injections , at least half of which have been to athletes . A statement from Muller-Wohlfahrt read : ` After the Champions League match of Bayern Munich against Porto the medical department was for some inexplicable reason made primarily responsible . The bond of trust is damaged . ' And on Friday morning , the club released the following statement : ` FC Bayern Munich notes with regret the decision of chief medical officer Dr Hans-Wilhelm Müller-Wohlfahrt -LRB- 72 -RRB- to resign his medical duties at the club . ` Dr Muller-Wohlfahrt in particular , but also his team , have performed first-class work for the club and its players over the years . Our sincere thanks are due for this . ` FC Bayern will shortly announce new arrangements for the club 's medical unit . Until then Dr Volker Braun , sports physician and consulting physician in trauma surgery and orthopaedics , will support the FC Bayern team at matches . ' Pep Guardiola had just 14 fit players to choose from at the Estadio do Dragao and the Bayern manager implied in his post-match comments that the defeat was down to the lack of available players . ` We have players who were out a long time with injuries , ' he said . ` Their legs do n't last very long . It 's a tough result to take into the second leg , but we 'll give it a go . ' Muller-Wohlfahrt comes to Bayern Munich 's Arjen Robben during a Bundesliga game last month . Guardiola failed to win the Champions League in his first season in Germany and is on the brink of exit again . Speaking at a press conference on Friday , Guardiola said : ` It was his decision to leave , I respect his decision . That is all . ' Guardiola and Muller-Wohlfahrt have reportedly had differences of opinion on several previous occasions including over the fitness of midfielder Thiago Alcantara ahead of last summer 's World Cup . Mehdi Benatia , Franck Ribery , Arjen Robben , Javi Martinez and David Alaba were among those missing from the Bayern squad on Wednesday through injury . Holger Badstuber and Bastian Schweinsteiger have also struggled with long-term problems . Footage circulating online appears to show Guardiola aiming sarcastic applause at his bench against Bayer Leverkusen last week after centre back Benatia was withdrawn with an injury . Bayern say the announcement was unexpected . Media director Markus Horwick said : ` We have no knowledge of this release , so we can not comment . ' Usain Bolt was one of many athletes to benefit from Muller-Wohlfahrt 's treatment at the London Olympics . Muller-Wohlfahrt has worked with the German national team as well as athletes including Usain Bolt and Boris Becker . The Bayern fall-out will not end his work with Joachim Low 's team . ` He is the best doctor in the world , ' Bolt said after being treated by Muller-Wohlfahrt at the London Olympics in 2012 . ` The Doctor is a very , very great man . Thank you , Doctor ! ' He previously quit Bayern after falling out with then-coach Jurgen Klinsmann in the 2008-09 season but returned after the manager left . The German champions return to Bundesliga action on Saturday when they face Hoffenheim at the Rhein-Neckar-Arena . Usain Bolt sought the help of Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt in the weeks leading up to the London Olympics in 2012 . At the time , Sportsmail 's Jamie Redknapp recalled his experiences with the doctor . There 's not much I have in common with Usain Bolt . He 's certainly a little quicker than I was at my peak . But we shared the same doctor when it came to turning to someone in need of urgent repair . When I was a Liverpool player , I regularly used the tricks and skills of Doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt to rescue me from another injury . Now Bolt , the greatest sprinter of all time , is visiting his Munich clinic to try and be fit for the London Olympics , which start in 18 days . I 've read in these pages about Muller-Wolhfahrt 's methods being described by a senior figure within the US Anti-Doping Agency as ` Frankensteintype experiments ' . I 'm not sure what that means , although with me he would use fluid taken from the comb on the head of a hen to lubricate a knee joint that had been eroded by a succession of injuries . He would tell me that it was like ` high quality oil for the engine of a car ' . He concluded that the fluid taken from a hen 's comb would lubricate the knee and allow greater movement . I was happy to do what he suggested to have the confidence to play again . I 've also read about him prescribing goat 's blood injections for hamstring injuries . His methods are successful , which is what has drawn Bolt around the world from his Jamaican training camp and why so many go to see the man they call ` healing Hans ' . Among the sportsmen and women who have stepped into Muller-Wohlfahrt 's dimly lit office are Steven Gerrard , Ronaldo , Jurgen Klinsmann , Dame Kelly Holmes , Paula Radcliffe , Michael Owen , Jose Maria Olazabal and Maurice Green . There is talk of controversy about Muller-Wohlfahrt 's methods , but I wo n't have a bad word said against him . I saw him many times and there was never anything untoward suggested . This is not a back-street quack . He is still Bayern Munich 's team doctor , world renowned and a master of his art - and they did n't seem to be doing too badly the last time I watched them in the Champions League Final . Bolt versus his Jamaican training partner , Yohan Blake , is the golden ticket for London . Last weekend , Blake beat Bolt , the fastest man on the planet , in back-to-back races over 100m and 200m . Bolt then withdrew from the Diamond League race in Monaco and the alarm bells are ringing . Nobody wants him to miss these games , surely not even Blake . Athletes generally turn to Muller-Wohlfahrt as a last act of desperation , having exhausted all the local practices and medical skills of those they have been closest to . You ca n't tell me that Bolt has flown all the way from Jamaica to Munich without trusting Muller-Wohlfahrt 's art and without searching for a solution a little closer to home . Like me , he must trust his methods and rely on his advice . He is renowned for helping sportsmen and women , like Bolt , recover from hamstring problems . When I tore a hamstring playing for England , I was out for five months . He is getting sportsmen back on track within five weeks . I only wish I had known about him then . It appears Bolt has a back problem which may have affected his right hamstring . It does n't sound as if Bolt has suffered a tear , more likely a tweak and if he is unable to trust his hamstrings it might explain why some of his times have been sluggish , by his standards . Didi Hamann , the former German international , first recommended Muller - Wohlfahrt to me when I did n't know where else to turn . I hopped on a plane with the Liverpool physio , hoping we could find some answers . When I first met him , I was anxious , but he made me feel welcome and relaxed . He was in his 60s -LRB- he 's 70 next month -RRB- , but he had the skin of a man 20 years younger , with a shock of hair and healthy outlook on life . He believes in the power of positive thinking , he is a charismatic man who convinces you he can find the answers . Most doctors do , but he backs it up with achieving success . His staff are dressed from head to toe in white and he is there , overseeing the treatments and working from 7am-11pm , trying to find the solutions for a conveyor belt of people , including the general public , who come looking for answers . My club , Liverpool , paid for my treatment through insurance , but when I bumped into Hans at a recent Champions League game , he asked me how my knee was and I told him it was still causing me hassle . He told me to come and see him and after some treatment I asked him where I could pay the bill . He said : ` There is n't one , Jamie . ' It was a kind gesture from a very skilled man . Bolt is in Safe Hands . Muller-Wohlfahrt has worked with the German national team as well as athletes including Usain Bolt .