Greg Rusedski has supported Aljaz Bedene 's bid to overturn an International Tennis Federation ruling and become eligible to represent Great Britain in the Davis Cup . Slovenia-born Bedene secured a British passport last month but can not currently represent his new nation in the competition having played twice for Slovenia in 2010 and 2011 . Bedene 's switch in nationality has been met by criticism in some quarters , but not from Rusedski , who himself moved from Canada to represent Great Britain in 1995 . World 99 Aljaz Bedene is not giving up hope in his quest to play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup . Bedene has Greg Rusedski 's support in his bid to overturn the ITF 's ruling that he ca n't play for Great Britain . Rusedski said : ` Every time you get another player in the top 100 it can only be of benefit and I think he will help push and drive other players to get ahead of him . ` At the moment when it comes to the Davis Cup he does n't even factor into the discussion unless he gets the ITF to overturn their current ruling . ` But I think if the ITF do change their ruling and allow him to become available then it will be a good thing for the game in this country . ' Bedene is currently ranked 99 in the world , making him British No 2 behind Andy Murray and ahead of James Ward , Kyle Edmund and Liam Broady . Rusedski has some experience of where Bedene is coming from after turning to Team GB from Canada . Great Britain 's No 1 Andy Murray backs Bedene 's bid , saying it 'd prove motivational for those below him . Murray has already backed Bedene 's switch of nationality , saying : ` I would hope that all the guys that are below him now will use it as motivation . ' Bedene 's case with the ITF is based on the fact that his citizenship was already pending when the governing body amended its own rules on the subject earlier this year . The 26-year-old could make his debut as a British player at the new AEGON Manchester Trophy , a grass-court Challenger event which starts on May 31 .