Bobby Moore 's granddaughter celebrated her wedding with an intimate family celebration in London yesterday . Poppy Moore , 23 , wed her childhood sweetheart Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office with only 12 loved ones before hosting a reception for 50 at the Mayfair Hotel . The bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses , which poignantly also contained a picture of her father Dean , who died in 2011 aged 43 . Scroll down for video . Poppy Moore married Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office yesterday . Sam Myers with bride Poppy , her mum Sara and grandmother Tina Moore at Chelsea Register Office . She wore her hair in a half up-do , with a Sixties-style beehive - perhaps in reference to her grandfather 's heyday . Her chic dress had white flower detail embroidered on the bodice , while layers of tulle gave the skirt extra volume . Among the guests were Poppy 's mother Sara and her grandmother Tina , Bobby 's first wife . Poppy was only 18 months old when her famous grandfather died in February , 1993 . The England and West Ham legend who captained the 1966 's World Cup winning side was only 51 when he lost his battle with bowel cancer . She and Bobby 's two other grandchildren Freddie and Ava marked the 20th anniversary of his death in 2013 by placing the ball on the spot for a West Hame home game , the club he captained for ten years . Poppy Moore poses with her new husband Sam Myers and mum Sara . Poppy is also involved with the Moore Family Fund to fight bowel cancer . Her mother Sara told The Mirror : ` Bobby would 've been very proud of his granddaughter and very happy . She is a beautiful young lady and a credit to us all . ` It was a very special day , it was lovely . Her father Dean would have been so proud of her , too . It 's such a shame that he could n't be with us . ' The Moore family experienced tragedy when Poppy 's father Dean died young . Poppy , who was just 19 at the time , paid an emotional tribute to ` the best man in my life ' . Bobby , who would have been 74 yesterday , met his first wife Tina in 1957 and the pair , who lived in Chigwell , Essex , had two children Dean and daughter Roberta . They separated in 1984 and divorced in 1986 and Bobby got together with Stephanie Parlane-Moore , who he married in 1991 . World Cup Hero Bobby Moore holds the trophy aloft after England 's 1966 triumph . Poppy -LRB- left -RRB- and Bobby Moore 's grandchildren Freddie Moore-Hobbs -LRB- centre -RRB- and Ava Moore-Hobbs -LRB- right -RRB- walk out to the pitch before the Premiership football match between West Ham and Tottenham at the Upton Park stadium , London , 25 February 2013 .