Sydneysiders already reeling from a three day ` cyclone ' were hit again on Saturday , as the city was pummelled by a massive hail storm . Marble-sized hailstones , some up to 2 cm in diameter pounded multiple suburbs in the city 's east and west on ANZAC Day , coating streets and backyards in sleet despite only lasting for around three hours . Saturday 's freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air , said Bureau of Meteorology NSW Manager of Weather Services , Andrew Treloar . Scroll down for video . Many took to social media on Saturday to post incredible pictures of residents tobogganing and snow boarding down streets in Newtown . According to Mr Grose , a large storm with an East Coast Low have always occurred within Australia , passing through every few years . But there 's a longer term story behind the recent spate of wild weather , one scientist said . ` Climate has been changing in recent decades and will continue to change throughout this century and beyond , ' CSIRO , Research Scientist Michael Grose told Daily Mail Australia . According to Mr Grose , Saturday 's storm was the result of an East Coast Low , which is also known as an extratropical cyclone . This type of storm has always occurred in Australia , passing through every few years , however changes to the frequency and intensity are possible due to climate change . ` Increases in temperature and rising sea levels are the most clear changes in the climate due to human influence , ' he said . A combination of hail and water at Enmore in Sydney 's inner-west , almost completely submerged a line of cars . Several cars were submerged in the flood waters following the flash flooding that struck the city . Snowing in Sydney ? Sydney 's west was hit by snow-like hail after the storm travelled east from the Blue Mountains . Parramatta Stadium was blanketed with hail , delaying kickoff but making for an amazing scene . ` The Bureau provided thunderstorm warnings of hail and damaging winds for Regional areas from 11 am Saturday morning , ' Mr Treloar said . Blackheath residents in the Blue Mountains , about 100 km west of Sydney , reported hailstones up to 2 cm in size , while social media users shared surreal images of snowmen and even snowboarders on the streets of Sydney . Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after they were damaged by the storm , with Fire and Rescue crews still working to assess damage . A woman also had to be rescued from her car after she became trapped in the rising waters at Zetland in Sydney 's inner-east . Marble-sized hailstones , some up to 2 cm in diameter , pummelled multiple suburbs in the city 's east and west on ANZAC Day . A woman had to be rescued from her car which had become trapped in flood waters following Saturday 's severe storms . She appeared safe and calm as police and fire and rescue crews assisted her at Zetland in Sydney 's inner-east . Hail is seen on the road in the suburb of Alexandria . Large areas of Sydney have been hit by a hail storm this afternoon . Superintendent Paul Johnston from Fire and Rescue NSW told Daily Mail Australia that the incident was just one of many flash flooding events that emergency services had attended from 4 pm . ` At the height of the storm we had two hundred calls in the system , mostly about flooding in people ' homes and businesses , rescues from flash flooding - in the inner city they 're not as dangerous because people are just trapped in their cars and not at risk of being swept away - and automatic fire alarms , ' Supt Johnston said . ` The highest rainfalls recorded during the event were 60 mm at Prospect Reservoir and 53 mm at Blacktown , much of which fell within 1 hour . There were also reports of flash flooding in the Metropolitan area , ' Mr Treloar said . ` Thunderstorms with large accumulations of hail have been noted before in Sydney and surrounding areas during the Autumn months . ' Streets and backyards were transformed into snowfields across Sydney and the Blue Mountains . Pictured Maroubra in Sydney 's east . An unstable air mass over the top of New South Wales is understood to have generated the east-moving storm . Pictured : Kingsford in Sydney 's eastern suburbs . A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that two factories at Huntingwood , in western Sydney , have collapsed due to the weather . Marble-sized hail stones pummelled various suburbs in Sydney and the Blue Mountains . NSW Ambulance tweeted : ` Luckily no one injured in this building collapse at Eastern Creek . Be careful if on the icy roads ' Ominous looking storm clouds rolled into Sydney Harbour in the afternoon as the sky turned form blue to black and then a strange white . The NRL match between the Sydney Roosters ' and St George Illawarra at Allianz Stadium in Sydney had to be temporarily suspended due to hail and lightning . Heavy rain , wild winds and hails stones transformed the Blue Mountains and parts of Sydney into snowfields on Saturday evening . Warnings stated that ` large hailstones , heavy rainfall that may lead to flash flooding and damaging winds ' were predicted . State Emergency Services issued cautions and advice to residents affected by the storm on their social media pages . Hail stones piled up behind a door or a window during the storms , which only lasted until 7 pm . Hail covers a road and vehicle in the suburb of Alexandria just after the storm passed . Twitter and Instagram users captured images of the storm : Lightning strikes in Sydney as the storm rolled in . Backyards and streets were transformed into snowfields within minutes by the heavy rain and hail .