As the weather gets warmer many of us will dust off our large and cumbersome bladed fans . But Panasonic has developed a lighter , smaller and more powerful alternative that can blow out seven times more air than it sucks in . The Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch -LRB- 25 cm -RRB- device , move it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan . Panasonic Japan , which designed the device , said that once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air . Alternatively , the Q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air flow , and sends ` natural wind ' that mimics outside breeze . These channels have been designed to reduce how much drag the air flow is subjected to as it moves through the ` ball ' . And the holes have been designed in such a way so that the flow collects additional air at is leaves the device to boost its trajectory and output . In particular , there is a central outlet . Air is drawn into the ` Q ' using small inlets on the rear and are driven by the so-called impellers , or bladed fins . This airflow pulls in additional air using the large round air inlets plotted around the Q , and all of this is released through the main outlet . The Sokaze-ki Q -LRB- pictured -RRB- uses fluid dynamics to take air in small inlets on the rear before it is moved using so-called impellers through specially designed channels . This airflow pulls in additional air from air inlets plotted around the Q , and all of this is released through the main outlet . The fan is on sale in Japan for ¥ 39,350 -LRB- £ 220 -RRB- and is available in Crystal Red , Champagne Gold -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Pearl White . It is powered by a DC motor and comes with an Off Timer for between one and three hours . Panasonic Japan , which designed the device , said that once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air . Alternatively , the Q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air flow , instead sending ` natural , fluctuating wind ' that mimics the outside breeze . ` Everything is up to you , ' as the firm explained . ` It can be used as circulator . Or as a fan . We will deliver the combined wind in your life . ' The Q fan has a diameter of 10 inches -LRB- 25 cm -RRB- , is 11 inches tall -LRB- 27 cm -RRB- and weighs 4.6 lbs -LRB- 2.1 kg -RRB- . The Q fan is on sale in Japan for ¥ 39,350 -LRB- £ 220 -RRB- and is available in Crystal Red , Champagne Gold and Pearl White . MailOnline has contacted Panasonic to see if the device will be available in other regions . It is powered by a DC motor plugged into the mains and comes with an Off Timer for between one and three hours . It has a diameter of 10 inches -LRB- 25 cm -RRB- , is 11 inches tall -LRB- 27 cm -RRB- and weighs 4.6 lbs -LRB- 2.1 kg -RRB- .