Battleground : Esther McVey , who won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 , has demanded that Ed Miliband condemns the attacks . Tory minister Esther McVey has called on Ed Miliband to condemn the ` scurrilous ' campaign against her after she was branded ` murderer McVey ' in graffiti . The employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell . Miss McVey has been one of the party 's most prominent rising stars , but is the Tory Cabinet minister most at risk of becoming a casualty on election night with a fierce battle to cling on to her marginal Wirral West seat . Yesterday the former GMTV presenter , who won in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 , insisted that she would not be cowered by the ` misogynistic and sexist ' attacks that she said showed what the Labour party really thinks of women . ` If they think by coming in the dead of the night and scribbling on a wall and by being anonymous on Twitter that they will intimidate and bully me they are picking on the wrong person , ' she said . ` I believe it is right that we have a Conservative MP up here who is sitting at the table at Cabinet , so their underhand tactics wo n't bully and intimidate me . ' Miss McVey , who was given a job in the Cabinet by David Cameron last July , said that she is one of a number of women sat around the table who knows how to have her voice heard and shows the party is not solely made up of women in ` twin-sets and pearls ' . She also revealed how the network of female Tory ministers , including Home Secretary Theresa May , support each other with text messages , phone calls and by taking each other out for drinks . Miss McVey , who is the only Conservative MP on Merseyside , said her political opponents are trying to create ` an atmosphere of fear ' in her seat . Local trade union activists launched their ` Sack Esther McVey ' campaign last year on her birthday and a song with the same name has been recorded and posted on the internet . The vile lyrics claim that Miss McVey ` torments the sick and poor ' , ` is going to hell ' and that ` the wicked witch of the Wirral 's had her day ' . Last year Labour MP John McDonnell joked that her constituents want to ` lynch the b ***** d' and last week John Prescott accused her of being ` heartless ' . At a Labour rally in her constituency , the former Labour deputy prime minister claimed to forget her name and said he only remembered her because of the dress she wore into Downing Street when she was promoted . The job centre in Hoylake , at the centre of her constituency , was also targeted with graffiti at the end of last month that read : ` McVey murderer . ' Miss McVey said : ` Of course it 's hurtful , not just to me , but more so sometimes for your family and friends . ` I have to say , John Prescott has never been good with words . He does n't know my name and he has shown he knows a big fat zero about me as well . ` I am totally driven by my heart and my head . You can not give away what you have not got , but you have got to have the right motives . I would n't believe in social mobility if I did n't have a heart . ' Message : Graffiti on Wirral job centre accusing MP Esther McVey of being a murderer in one of a number of attacks . Defiant : The former GMTV presenter , pictured yesterday with Northern Ireland secretary Theresa Villiers , right , and her campaign team spoke out about being targeted in offensive graffiti and songs . Miss McVey said that despite the personal attacks she is not afraid to go out canvassing by herself . She said : ` Oh yeah of course I do . I live here . I walk down here . I go canvassing by myself all the time . ` They 're trying to paint a very ugly picture and trying to create an atmosphere of fear , but that is not the case . The people of Wirral West are not like that . ' She added : ` The attacks have been misogynistic and sexist and I find it rather mystifying how the Labour party purports to be a party for a woman and yet have run this scurrilous campaign against me and at no time has it been condemned by Ed Miliband . ` I think this myth that they 're for women is only a myth and the reality is the campaign they have run against me shows what they truly think about women . ' Miss McVey , who was one of only five ministers to make it onto the front page of the Conservative manifesto alongside Mr Cameron , hit back at suggestions she was only there as a ` token woman ' . She said : ` I believe I was there because as minister for employment we have seen a record number of jobs created in the economy , two million jobs . ' After earlier this year revealing her ambition to one day become prime minister , Miss McVey said she hopes that another woman will become Tory leader in her lifetime . She said : ` Every time requires a different leader and hopefully in our lifetimes there will be time when another woman is needed as leader . ' As she hosted a women business leaders event in her constituency yesterday alongside Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers and Lords Leader Baroness Stowell , Miss McVey talked about the support she has received from other women in the Cabinet behind the scenes . She also denied that the Tory party is predominantly made up of women in twin-sets and pearls . ` No . For me I have never have thought that because the Tory women I knew were not like that , ' she said . ` The Tory women in this room are just people running a business , looking after a family , there is not anybody here in twin-set and pearls , they are just regular people who understand you can not spend what you have not got . ' Support : Miss McVey was flanked by Ms Villiers and and felow Tory Grant Shapps on the campaign trail yesterday . Asked if it was easy being only one of only a few women in Cabinet , she said : ` You have got to look at it from both sides of the table , we might be in lesser numbers but sometimes that can make you more visible and your points more pertinent too . ` I 'm the sort of person who does n't look at what could be the difficulties and `` oh say I give up '' . Look at the difficulties , rise to the challenge and make sure your voice is being heard . ' Miss McVey said that the female Tory ministers exchange text messages , phone calls and go out for drinks together . She said : ` Of course you are busy doing what you do but there is a support behind the scenes . ` People like Justine Greening will say `` let 's go out for a drink '' . ` Theresa May was chairman of the party when I came in . She was very good at giving the realities of the job , what were the expectations , what support can you have , is there anything else you need to know . ` Obviously there are phone calls that you have with one another -- `` how do you deal with that ? '' , `` what do you do ? '' , `` what would your advice be on this ? '' . ` There 's personal support and professional support and Theresa May has given both . ' Miss McVey said that she was pleased to see Nicola Sturgeon , Natalie Bennett and Leanne Wood representing their parties in the televised leaders debates even though she disagrees with them politically . She said : ` Obviously their policies aside , for women to get to the top of their profession , that 's what I have fought for all of my life , I think that 's fantastic . ' Tory chairman Grant Shapps , who also visited Miss McVey 's seat yesterday , condemned the campaign against her . He said : ` I think it 's completely unacceptable and it has to stop . I call on the Labour leadership locally and nationally to reign it in because it is not the sort of civilised debate we should be having . ' Last year the Labour Party said Mr McDonell 's comment did ` not represent the views of the Labour Party ' , but refused to withdraw the whip from him . The local Labour Party has condemned the ` murder McVey ' graffiti and said it was the council leader who reported the vandalism and ordered its immediate removal .