Marouane Fellaini did not have the best of days at Goodison Park on Sunday , but that did not stop the Manchester United midfielder sharing a glass of bubbly with his twin brother Mansour on Tuesday . The brothers were recently the subject of a mix-up involving Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues ' crunch clash with United at Stamford Bridge on April 18 . Following his side 's 1-0 victory over Louis van Gaal 's side , Mourinho revealed he prepared his Chelsea players to deal with the threat of Fellaini all week -- only to be told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing . Marouane Fellaini -LRB- left -RRB- and his twin brother Mansour share a glass of bubbly in Manchester . Following Manchester United 's 3-0 loss against Everton , Fellaini spent Tuesday chilling out with his brother . Fellaini was substituted at half-time against the Toffees as Louis van Gaal 's side struggled at Goodison Park . Mourinho planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark Fellaini - with teenager Ruben Loftus-Cheek playing the 6ft 4in midfielder in training . But he feared his tactical master plan was set to be for nothing when he was told that the United powerhouse was not playing by the doorman at the club 's hotel . Mourinho , relaying his conversation with the doorman , said : ` Fellaini does n't play because he was here to get tickets for the game from Eden Hazard . He was dressed in jeans , this and that ' . Fellaini competes for possession with Everton midfielder Gareth Barry on Sunday . Fellaini , following a strong season in the red shirt , struggled to impose himself on the contest at Goodison . ' -LRB- It -RRB- did n't smell well for me . I go to Google and I put ` Fellaini brother ' . ` So I go with the pictures to the doorman . I say ` hey , this one or this one ? ' And he looks ` this one ' . ` He 's the brother ' . ' Mourinho said the other Fellaini - his twin brother Mansour - posed for photos as the United player , who had been in the Blues boss ' thoughts all week , did start the game at Stamford Bridge . Marouane Fellaini -LRB- right -RRB- poses with his twin brother Mansour during his days as an Everton player . Mansour -LRB- left -RRB- and Marouane look on from the stands during Everton 's game against Leyton Orient in 2012 . Fellaini , who has emerged a key figure in Van Gaal 's new-look United outfit this season , was substituted at half-time against the Toffees . United crashed to a 3-0 defeat against Roberto Martinez 's men with James McCarthy , John Stones and Kevin Mirallas all getting on the scoresheet . The Red Devils , who are currently fourth in the Premier League table , welcome West Brom to Old Trafford on Saturday . In the end , Fellaini did play at Stamford Bridge earlier this month , but was dealt with in midfield by Kurt Zouma . Zouma -LRB- right -RRB- had been given a specific tactical brief to stifle the threat of Fellaini during the game .