Posters telling Muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across an area of Cardiff . Posters telling Muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across an area of Cardiff yesterday . They read : ` Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah . ' Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the Grangetown suburb telling the Muslim electorate : ` Islam is the only real workable solution for the UK ' . Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters , dubbed ` chilling ' and ` threatening ' by locals . The full message on the poster reads : ` Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah and decides what is permissible or impermissible for mankind , based solely on their whims and desires . ` This leads to a decayed and degraded society where crime and immorality becomes widespread and injustice becomes the norm . ` Islam is the only real , working solution for the UK . ` It is a comprehensive system of governance where the laws of Allah are implemented and justice is observed . ' Local parent Greg Pycroft , 36 , was with his two-year-old son when he came across 20 posters plastered on his walk to nursery yesterday . The Welsh Government worker said : ` It was quite chilling and threatening to see these posters . ' Cardiff Council says any religiously motivated or offensive stickers will be removed as a priority . Grangetown councillor Ashley Govier said : ` People have a right to vote and that needs to be respected . Grangetown is a very tolerant area but it 's got to go both ways . ` If they do choose not to exercise their right to vote , that 's their business but we 're trying to encourage people to do so and this is unhelpful and not very nice . ' Mr Govier said the council 's response has been immediate and ` pretty incredible ' . Bosses at Cardiff Council -LRB- pictured -RRB- say workers have begun removing the posters , dubbed ` chilling ' and ` threatening ' by locals . Sahar al-Faifi , of the Muslim Council of Wales , said the anti-voting posters were put up in response to the voter registration campaign in Cardiff for the last three months . Miss al-Faifi added : ` The reason behind these posters is we have had such a successful voter registration campaign across mosques in Cardiff . ` We have been doing it every Friday for three months to encourage worshippers in an unpartisan way to participate in their civic duties . ` Most mosques were on board and the hateful people behind these posters do not represent us . ` The mosques believe they can be part of the political process of this country . ' The groups Muslim Council of Wales , Hope Not Hate and CitizenUK have been leading the voter registration action across the Cardiff suburbs of Cathays , Grangetown and Butetown .