For most couples , a peck on the lips is a quick way to show affection . But for Kerrie Armitage , a kiss from husband Peter can trigger agonising hives . The mother-of-three , from Leeds , suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria -- an allergy to water . She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm . Now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years , because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up . Kerrie Armitage , from Leeds , suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria -- an allergy to water . She claims a kiss from her husband Peter -LRB- right -RRB- can trigger a painful flare-up , due to contact with his saliva . She said : ` Because Peter 's lips are wet , the saliva can make me react . He 's got to make sure his lips are dry before he gave me a kiss . ` It 's not every time - I can do the same thing time and time again and not react , but then I 'll do it once more and get a flare-up . ' Her condition means that external exposure to water is the main problem , rather than drinking liquid . The situation has become so bad that hugging her children can trigger an episode , as their body heat makes her sweat - and she has trained herself not to cry . However , she added an allergic reaction tended to depend on the circumstances . ` For example , if Peter was to give me a kiss on a hot day when I 'm flushed , I 'd probably flare up , but maybe not if I was in a cool environment , ' she said . ` It can be frustrating but he 's really supportive . ` After years together , it 's become normal . You learn how to get used it . But it can be bothersome . ' Mrs Armitage now faces a daiily battle to protect her skin from agonising flare-ups - and has also been forced to give up her job as a cleaner because she can not not touch water . Even hugging her children Katie , nine , Emily , two and four-year-old step-daughter Savannah , can become a nightmare as their body heat can trigger a reaction . ` It affects every aspect of my day to day life , ' she said . ` I have to choose between doing the washing up and bathing my kids . My hands ca n't take them both -- it 's too painful . ' She added : ` When I 've got my children sat on me giving me a cuddle their body heat can cause me to sweat and have a reaction . Her condition has become so bad that her hugging her children can trigger an episode , as their body heat makes her sweat - and bathing them can be problematic . ` Even tears can trigger the hives . I 've had to train myself not to cry . ` I 've learned not to get too angry or frustrated , as this can make my body flush and cause me to sweat , which can be very painful . ' Due to her condition , Mrs Armitage must ensure she bathes in under 10 minutes to try and minimise the allergic reaction . ` I 've found the closer the water is to body temperature the faster I react , so I have really hot baths to try lessen the reaction , ` she siad . ` I also do n't drink cold water - it feels quite sharp at the back of my throat - so I stick to coffee . ' Mrs Armitage , who has to keep antihistamines and an EpiPen with her at all times , also suffers from exercise-induced anaphylaxis . Previously a size eight , with a keen interest in fitness , the exercise allergy combined with side effects of her medication have seen her expand to a size 14 . She discovered this second allergy just months after her urticaria diagnosis after playing on a Nintendo Wii Fit game at home . ` It was completely out of the blue , ' she said . ` I could n't breathe , I was on the floor struggling to get air into my lungs . ` Thankfully , I stopped the exercising straight away and my breathing slowed , but I was left feeling quite sick for a few days afterwards . ' The mother-of-two suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria -- an allergy to water . She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm . Swellings known as weals appear between 15 minutes and two hours after exposure to water . She can now tell when an episode may strike - and knows she must stop whatever she 's doing when she feels the earning signs . ` I ca n't articulate what 's happening at the time - it all becomes quite foggy in my head , ' she said . On another occasion , Mrs Armitage was forced to sit on the floor , gasping for breath in the middle of Leeds ' White Rose shopping centre after a reaction was triggered by simply walking up a flight of stairs . In a vicious cycle , the anaphylactic reaction causes her to sweat which , in turn , triggers her water allergy . She said : ` The two worst episodes I 've had have been after no more than five minutes -- the equivalent to a warm up . Urticaria , also known as hives or nettle rash , is a condition in which short-lived swellings occur anywhere on the body . These swellings -LRB- weals -RRB- may be pale , pink , or red , of different sizes and shape and itchy . As the raised weals flatten , they leave red marks that disappear usually in a day . New weals may then appear in other areas . The itchy reaction is caused by the release of histamine in response to a number of different triggers . Some form of it affects 20 per cent of people at some point . However , aquagenic urticaria - triggered by water of any temperature - is extremely rare . The weals appear between 15 minutes and two hours after exposure to water . In more severe cases drinking water can cause minor swelling in the throat . There is no known cure . Symptoms can be lessened by reducing exposure - such as taking quick showers , applying petroleum jelly to the skin as well as taking anti-histamines . ` I 've had to rule out exercise completely now , it 's just too much of a worry . ' Mrs Armitage , who has spoken out as part of Allergy Awareness Week , has also had to teach eldest daughter Katie how to administer an EpiPen injection . Now , she faces a daily checklist to ensure she 's done everything she can to avoid reactions . ` Before leaving the house I have to ask myself if I can get to the bus stop or if it 's too far and likely to trigger my reactions , ' she said . ` I have to check if it 's going to rain and make sure I have back-up clothing in case I get too hot or too cold . ` My social life has gone to pot . ` Before , I could just say , `` of course I 'll come out ' but now , it 's , `` where are we going ? What 's the weather ? Can I park somewhere close so I do n't have to walk and risk my anaphylaxis triggering ? '' ' ` There are all these stupid little things I have to consider . ' Amena Warner , nurse advisor at Allergy UK said : ` Urticaria is also known as nettle rash or hives . ` It is a red raised itchy rash and is very common , affecting one person in five at some point in their life . ` In most people , it settles quickly and is no more than a mild inconvenience , but in some people it can be severe and long lasting . ` A very rare form of urticaria is that which is triggered by water , which is called aquagenic urticaria , the red raised itchy rash comes up on contact with water . ` Treatment can help the symptoms and the person should receive specialist information from an allergist/immunologist . ' This week is Allergy Awareness Week . For more information , visit the Allergy UK website .