It is one of the most infuriating issues travellers face - disembarking form their flight , only to find their luggage has n't made it . But , if you want to guarantee your luggage will never be lost , you will need to fly in to Kansai International Airport , in Osaka , Japan . Since it opened its doors in 1994 , the airport has never lost a piece of luggage , giving it an impeccable 21-year record . Scroll down for video . Kansai International Airport in Japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994 . And if returning luggage to travellers is n't enough , the airport also does so in an incredibly efficient way . According to the company , the staff places suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards , making it easier for travellers to collect their luggage , which has been singled out as a small but very important strategic detail . No wonder a recent ranking of the top 10 airports for baggage handling saw the Japanese airport taking top honours thanks to its track record . The airport 's impeccable baggage record has to do with the way that staff places the suitcases on carousels . Of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage , seven of the ten are located in Asia . 1 . Kansai International Airport , Japan . 2 . Hong Kong International Airport , Hong Kong . 3 . Changi Airport , Singapore . 4 . Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport . 5 . Incheon International Airport , South Korea . 6 . Haneda International Airport , Japan . 7 . Copenhagen Airport , Denmark . 8 . Munich International Airport , Germany . 9 . Zurich International Airport , Switzerland . 10 . Narita International Airport , Japan . Skytrax , a UK-based airline and airport consultancy , recently analysed data from hundreds of airports around the world for its World Airport Awards 2015 . Of the 550 airports examined in 112 nations around the world , Japanese airports fared best - especially when it came to taking care of passengers ' luggage . Reviews from 13 million users found not just Kansai International in the top spot , but Tokyo 's Haneda International in sixth place and Narita International coming in tenth . Asian airports accounted for seven of the top 10 when it came to baggage handling , followed by Copenhagen , Munich and Zurich . Last year , Kansai International came 12th in overall airport rankings , while Singapore 's Changi Airport took the top spot . London 's Heathrow Airport came in eighth overall this year , up from the tenth spot in 2014 . Kansai International was originally designed to help with the overcrowding from nearby Osaka International .