David Bulman -LRB- pictured -RRB- left his wife Lubova with a black eye after repeatedly punching her in the face . A bad-tempered managing director repeatedly punched his wife in the face after he shouted at her for not doing the ironing . David Bulman , 55 , and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing . His wife threw all his shirts outside , but he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face . Neighbours called the police after Bulman drove away , damaging a gate post and a van , leaving his frightened wife with a black eye and a lump on her head . Bulman was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm at Bristol Crown Court . Recorder Jim Tindal also ordered Bulman to complete rehabilitation and programme requirements , and not to intimidate , harass or pester his wife . He said : ` As a result of an argument in which things were said on both sides you lost your temper , you lost control and you behaved appallingly . ` You punched your partner several times and got into your car . ` You hit a wall and your blood was up . You were not thinking straight and as a result your partner sustained unpleasant injuries . ' He added : ` We sometimes say behaviour is out of character . ` Sometimes the public is a little bit sceptical about that , but in your case it is true . ` You have had almost 40 years of keeping out of trouble in which you have been running a business , employing people and participating in society in a number of ways . ' The court heard Bulman , from Clevedon , North Somerset , met his wife via a dating website in 2011 and they lived in a small hotel before she fell pregnant . Bristol Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- heard that Bulman , from Clevedon , North Somerset , met his wife via a dating website . Julian Howells , prosecuting , said the ` defendant was doing less ' and the relationship deteriorated . Bad tempered : The managing director was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm . He was also ordered not to intimidate , harass or pester his wife . Julian Howells , prosecuting , said the ` defendant was doing less ' and the relationship deteriorated , with the pair arguing and her mentioning his ` personal habits ' . They argued about the ironing and he attacked her , before leaving in his car from their home in Clevedon . Sam Jones , defending , said Bulman had not been in trouble with the law for 30 years and had suffered a stroke a number of years ago . He added : ` These proceedings have had a punitive element for him . He shows deep remorse and very real upset at the breakdown of the relationship with his wife . ` Mr Bulman is a successful businessman , the managing director of a company in Bristol . ` It has a significant turnover . He is a director and they employ 15 people . ' Bulman was also ordered to pay £ 500 compensation , £ 260 court costs and a £ 60 victim surcharge and as he left court the recorder told him : ` The onus is on you to keep your temper . '