A fortunate deflection from an audacious Nigel de Jong overhed kick saw AC Milan salvage a draw and frustrate European hopefuls Sampdoria at the San Siro on Sunday night . Former Samuel Eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg Philippe Mexes and find Roberto Soriano to open the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box . Milan were back level on 74 minutes when Nigel de Jong 's spectacular effort which was headed straight for keeper Emiliano Viviano but found the back of the net off Alfred Duncan 's leg . Nigel de Jong 's spectacular overhead kick that levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night . The Dutch midfielder attempted the audacious shot following a poor corner clearance at the San Siro . De Jong celebrates with Luca Antonelli after his strike took a massive deflection off Alfred Duncan 's leg . AC Milan : D. Lopez ; Abate -LRB- De Sciglio 71 ' -RRB- , Paletta , Mexes , Antonelli ; Van Ginkel , De Jong , Bonaventura ; Cerci -LRB- Suso 62 ' -RRB- , Destro -LRB- Pazzini -LRB- 77 ' -RRB- , Menez . Subs not used : Rami , Poli , Zapata , Bocchetti , Bonera , Abbiati , Alex , Mastalli , Donnarumma . Goal : De Jong . Sampdoria : Viviano ; De Silvestri -LRB- Wszolek 88 ' -RRB- , Silvestre , Romagnoli , Mesbah ; Palombo , Obiang ; Eder , Soriano -LRB- Duncan -LRB- 66 ' -RRB- , Eto'o ; Okaka -LRB- Muriel 73 ' -RRB- . Subs not used : Correa , Bergessio , Munoz , Rizzo , Coda , Djordjevic , Acquah , Marchionni , Romero , Frison . Goal : Soriano . De Jong was lucky to be on the pitch after a late and dangerous sliding tackle went unpunished in the first half before he finally made it into the referee 's book for leading with his elbow , an action that could have seen him sent off . With European involvement pretty much a pipe dream now for Filippo Inzaghi 's side , who sit eighth seven points behind fifth-placed Fiorentina , the best they can hope for is to ruin the hopes of their rivals . Sampdoria could have moved ahead of Napoli in fourth into the first of the two Europa League qualification spots but are instead sixth in the Serie A behind Fiorentina on goal difference . They are eight points shy of third-placed Roma in the last of the Champions League places . A large section of supporters continued their protests against the club 's management with banners reading ` Vendesi ' , meaning ` for sale ' , along with signs with names of star players who have been sold , and a #SaveACMilan message . Fans want owner Silvio Berlusconi to sell the club amid reports of interest from investors from China and Thailand . At least their side 's improved on the field with a recent form turnaround . Sampdoria 's Roberto Soriano drives his shot from the edge of the box for the opener against AC Milan . The i Blucerchiati players gather around Soriano as his impressive finish gives them the lead . Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o gives a celebratory fist pump after his pass laid on the opening goal . Here Marco van Ginkel was dangerous from distance for Milan forcing Emiliano Viviano into action inside 15 minutes and was only just off target moments later . Destro , who left the field late in proceedings on a stretcher , headed a quality cross straight to Viviano on 30 minutes and did the same with a volley less than 10 minutes later . Alessio Cerci also squandered a chance from just outside the box over the crossbar . A different Sampdoria came out after the break and almost took the lead through Stefano Okaka and Eder , who was well saved by Diego Lopez at full stretch . AC Milan 's supporters hold posters reading ` Vendesi ' -LRB- meaning for sale -RRB- at the San Siro . Fans are growing increasingly disillusioned with those in charge of their club . A composed Eto'o orchestrated the deadlock breaker , taking the ample time he was gifted before threading his pass through the legs of fiery Mexes to a virtually lonesome Soriano just inside the box . The German-born Italian then casually slotted his shot to Lopez 's right . But they could n't hold onto the lead as De Jong 's tried his luck to become the unlikely hero . And substitute Suso could have snatched the points late when his curling shot clattered into the post about fives minutes from the final whistle .