Arsene Wenger rejoiced when Didier Drogba left Chelsea for Shanghai Shenhua in 2012 , with the Ivorian striker departing England with a formidable scoring record of 13 goals in 14 games against Arsenal . ` I do n't know how much Chelsea miss him but we do n't miss him , ' Wenger said of the man who averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against his team . ` He did a lot of damage against us in every game . ' But he might have celebrated too soon . Didier Drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal , averaging one every 78 minutes . Drogba 's first goals against came in the 2005 Community Shield , scoring both as Chelsea beat Arsenal 2-1 . Three weeks later , Drogba scored again against Arsenal , this time securing a 1-0 win in the Premier League . Drogba -LRB- right -RRB- scored both goals as Chelsea came from behind against Arsenal to win the League Cup 2-1 . Drogba -LRB- right -RRB- beat Philippe Senderos to head in Chelsea 's second goal and secure the League Cup . Now back at Chelsea , Drogba is expected to overcome a knock and return to The Emirates on Sunday with Wenger 's disesteemed foe Jose Mourinho , looking to increase his overall record of 15 goals in 15 games against Arsenal and obliterate the north-London side 's fading hope of catching the Stamford Bridge outfit at the summit of the Premier League . Having originally signed for Chelsea in 2004 for a fee of £ 24million from Marseille , Drogba took time to forge his redoubtable status against Wenger , his first two appearances ending goalless . It was the 2005 Community Shield when he first put Arsenal to the sword , lashing two goals past Jens Lehmann in a 2-1 victory at the Millennium Stadium before scoring the decisive goal in a 1-0 victory in the Premier League three weeks later . In 2007 , Drogba overturned the one-goal advantage Arsenal had in the 2007 League Cup final through Theo Walcott with another brace , again in Wales . And Drogba 's third double against Arsenal was in similar circumstances on March 23 , 2008 . Bacary Sagna gave The Gunners the lead before Drogba struck twice in nine minutes at Stamford Bridge . The 2009 FA Cup semi-final allowed Drogba to break Arsenal 's hearts again with silverware in sight , this time at Wembley . Like the 2007 League Cup final , Walcott put Arsenal ahead but Florent Malouda equalised before Drogba won the cup tie with a goal in the 84th minute . In the next two encounters between the London sides , Drogba netted a double in each game to lead Chelsea to a 3-0 and 2-0 victory respectively . On October 3 2010 , he opened the scoring as Chelsea beat Arsenal 2-0 at Stamford Bridge which was his last goal against Arsenal in Chelsea colours . Drogba -LRB- right -RRB- rounded Lukasz Fabianksi as to lead Chelsea to 2009 FA Cup semi-final victory over Arsenal . Drogba has scored a double five times for Chelsea against Arsenal , including at The Emirates in 2009 . Drogba -LRB- second right -RRB- also scored twice against Arsenal in the 2-0 victory at Stamford Bridge in 2010 . Drogba -LRB- right -RRB- returned to haunt Arsenal with Galatasaray , scoring another brace in the Emirates Cup . Drogba -LRB- left -RRB- is a trusted hugely by Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho , who could start him on Sunday . But he took his tally top 15 with yet another late brace , this time for Galatasaray as Drogba led the Turkish side to the Emirates Cup in 2013 , serving Wenger a reminder of what he was glad to be missing in the Premier League . But Drogba is synonymous with Mourinho 's Chelsea . Wenger has not beaten the Portuguese manager in 12 attempts and with Diego Costa and Loic Remy likely to be unavailable , Mourinho is seemingly faced with no choice but to unleash Drogba to ensure it 's an unlucky 13th encounter for the Arsenal manager .