He 's jumped from the Eiffel Tower and through a waterfall in the Swiss Alps . But this wing-suit pilot , dubbed The Flying Dagger , has described the world 's tallest volcanic stack just off the coast of Australia as ` the single most beautiful place I have ever been ' . Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball 's Pyramid near Lord Howe Island , in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand , documenting his flight over the stunning site . Scroll down for video . US-born Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball 's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island , just off the Australian coast . Ball 's Pyramid near Lord Howe Island is located in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand . Corliss , 39 , documenting his flight over the stunning location which he has described as ` the single most beautiful place I have ever been ' Corliss shared the moment he flew over what he 's described as an ` amazing and beautiful location ' on social media . ` When I saw the picture -LSB- of Ball 's Pyramid -RSB- I could n't believe the place was real , ' Corliss wrote on his Facebook page last week . Corliss shared the moment he flew over what he 's described as an ` amazing and beautiful location ' with his friend Luigi Cani . ` When I saw the picture -LSB- of Ball 's Pyramid -RSB- I could n't believe the place was real , ' he wrote on his Facebook page last week . ` I thought it had been photoshopped . I then started doing a little research on Google and found out the place was very real and next to an amazing island called Lord Howe . ` It may be the single most beautiful place I have ever been . It really did feel like an alien landscape from another planet . ' Footage shows Corliss and Cani , dressed in their wing-suits , leaping out of a helicopter as they dive down into the sea . Corliss , 39 , has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight . The US-born thrill-seeker says wing-suit flying allows pilots to trace the contours of cliffs , ridges and mountains at high speed .