New mother Claire Sweeney has turned to a hypnotherapist in a bid to shed two stone . The former Brookside actress gave birth to son Jaxton in September and admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure . Claire , 44 , has now enlisted the help of Susan Hepburn , who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 . Scroll down for video . New mother Claire Sweeney has turned to hypnotherapist Susan Hepburn to help her shed two stone . As Claire takes to new motherhood , she has told Closer magazine that there is one pregnancy habit she 's struggled to quit - her chocolate cravings . But instead of resorting to faddy diets , Claire , who is a size 12 to 14 , has said that what she really needs is to sort her binge mentality . So the actress , who is currently starring in the play Sex In Suburbia , has sought the help of celebrity hypnotherapist Susan to curb her sweet tooth and quit her habit of snacking when she 's bored . Claire said : ` I went to see a hypnotherapist last month for the first time and told her that I needed to sort out my binge mentality . ' She admits she craved sugar throughout her pregnancy and could n't kick the habit afterwards . ` I even went on a binge at a pal 's birthday recently and made myself feel sick , ' she said . Susan is also rumoured to have helped singer Adele quit smoking , according to the Express . She hypnotised Claire for 20 minutes , which Claire describes as ` a bit like having a good night 's sleep - it was so relaxing . ' Susan Hepburn -LRB- left -RRB- , who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 -LRB- seen in 2009 , right -RRB- . She 's only had one session so far but Claire says she can already see results . ` I saw a girl eating doughnuts and I felt sick just looking at them . I know it will take more than one session but I already feel more disciplined . ' Hepburn , based on London 's Harley Street , helped Lily Allen not only lose weight but bring her bulimia under control back in 2009 . Leslie Barker , of the British Association of Therapeutical Hypnotists , says : ` In therapy , hypnosis involves the patient experiencing a sense of deep relaxation , with their attention focused on suggestions made by the therapist . ` These are aimed at helping people make positive changes . ' Claire pictured pregnant -LRB- left -RRB- and at the Olivier Awards a couple of weeks ago -LRB- right -RRB- .