Ordinary British tennis fans face a Wimbledon-type scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets this summer and are likely to end up with less than half the overall allocation . There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July 's match against France at London 's Queen 's Club , but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last month 's first round . The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies , with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled Queen 's members as part of the deal to play the tie there . British tennis fans face a Wimbledon-type scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets this summer . Andy Murray enjoys a spot of Champions League action alongside his friend Ross Hutchins at the Nou Camp . The Lawn Tennis Association acceded to the wishes of Andy Murray and GB Captain Leon Smith to play the tie on grass , which they feel best enhances their chances in what is a first Davis Cup quarter final staged at home in 29 years . That very much narrowed down the choice of venues for the tie that begins just five days after Wimbledon . The All England Club was never an option due to the stress the grass courts take during The Championships and ongoing development work there . A by-product is that tickets are likely to be as scarce as they are for the big fortnight . Sponsors plus organisations such as the LTA , Wimbledon , the International Tennis Federation and the French Federation have to be catered for . Queen 's members will also have a considerable allocation as the tie means the stands there being up nearly all summer , with the AEGON Championships taking place in the middle of June as the main warm-up for SW19 . Murray has an affinity for The Queen 's club , having won the AEGON title there three times . Murray is currently practicing in Spain before beginning his clay court campaign later this year . The above will have until May 27 to take up or return their tickets , with only around 2,500 guaranteed to reach the ordinary public . A minimum 2,000 per day will then go on sale to those who are British Tennis Members -- something that anyone can become by joining free -- while at least 500 will go to supporters who have travelled abroad in recent years to support the British team . ` We have obligations to certain groups within the tennis family , ' said an LTA spokesman . ` There are restrictions on numbers at the venue and we have to work within that . ' Andy Murray , who has won the AEGON title three times , will lead the GB team in the match that takes place from July 17-19 . France have seven singles players in the world 's top 50 , with their best grass court player Jo Wilfried Tsonga having just recovered from injury . The former Wimbledon champion -- currently practising in Spain before beginning his Spring clay court campaign -- is pleased with the venue , and may be called upon to play doubles as well as two singles matches .