Hit rap trio Migos have been arrested on the first leg of their U.S. tour after police discovered drugs and guns inside their van during a college gig . Rappers Quavious Marshall , 24 , Kirschnick Ball , 20 , and Kiari Cephus , 23 , were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night and taken into custody . According to NBC News , all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates . Migos were next due to perform at the Ksu Convocation Center in Georgia before traveling on to a number of other states including Wisconsin , Ohio , Michigan , Pennsylvania and New York . From left to right : Hip hop rappers Quavious Marshall , 24 , Kirschnick Ball , 20 , and Kiari Cephus , 23 , have been arrested on the first leg of their U.S. tour after drugs and guns were found in their van . Authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when ` a very potent smell ' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses . When Migos left to perform at Georgia Southern University 's Hanner Fieldhouse arena over the weekend , investigators seized the opportunity to conduct a search . Multiple guns , marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside the vehicles , officials said . They added that the discoveries ` were intensely concerning ' as they had been brought to a university-sponsored event where over a thousand students were congregated . In the spotlight : According to NBC News , all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not fulfill their upcoming tour dates . Bad habits ? Migos pose with friends for a group photo , posted to social media . The three band members - best known for their 2013 single Versace and their 2014 track Fight Night - were arrested after leaving the stage . They reportedly face charges of drug possession ; possession of firearms in a school safety zone ; and possession of firearms during the commission of a crime . It was n't known early Monday if they had attorneys . Phone calls and emails to the group 's management team by the Associated Press were not immediately returned . About a dozen other suspects - all occupants of the two vans - were also taken into custody following the concert . Information about them and the charges they face were not immediately available . The arrests took place during the school 's annual spring concert . Migos - which formed as a group in 2009 - had contracted with Georgia Southern to perform at the event , the sheriff 's office said .