Alan Greaves , pictured , claimed ` the Illuminati framed him by downloading child abuse images on his computer . A father-of-eight caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer and mobile claimed he was framed by the Illuminati . Police raided Alan Greaves 's home in Colne , Lancashire in September 2013 where they found the disturbing images on a digital storage device . Forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category , with a further 872 at the next level . Burnley Crown Court heard there were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies . Laura Barbour , defending , said she had been instructed the reason Greaves had the images on his computer was because he was conducting an investigation on the ` Illuminati ' . He believed the group ` disseminates ' such material and that is how images ended up on his computer , the court heard . She added : ` He told police he has no interest in children sexually in any way . ' The court was told the defendant , who has children aged around 30 to two-years-old , was also a full-time carer for his disabled sister . Jailing him for 21 months , Judge Simon Newell said there appeared to be sexually-explicit images of females aged just 10 , or younger , which had assembled over a three-year period . ` If it was not for people viewing these images , there would be a chance these children would not be harmed , ' he said . Greaves , who pleaded guilty to two offences of making indecent images , was also given a sexual harm prevention order and told to sign the sex offenders ' register for the next 10 years . He is also barred from working with children . Burnley Crown Court , pictured , heard that almost 700 of the images were in the most serious category . The Illuminati featured in the movie Angels & Demons based on the best-selling novel by Dan Brown . Some conspiracy theorists claim the pyramid and eye on a US $ 1 note is evidence of the Illuminati . The Illuminati are a secret society who was founded in the late 1700s in Munich , Bavaria , named after the Latin word for ` Enlightenment ' . The secret society has been blamed for a range of events by crazed conspiracy theorists . Some theorists have linked the organisation with the Battle of Waterloo ; the French Revolution ; the assassination of Presidents Lincoln and Kennedy . Others believe that the Illuminati control Hollywood and have a membership which includes senior political leaders . According to one conspiracy theory site , there are only 6,000 members worldwide with a ruling council consisting of five Americans , five western Europeans , one Russian and one Indian . The Illuminati claim they want to overthrow current governments and introduce their own New World Order . The organisation have been accused of being devil worshipers and conspiracy theorists claim that the Illuminati manifest their power by showing their symbols such as triangles , pyramids and the number 666 . Conspiracy theorists believe the Illuminati want to rule the world with a single government which they control and introduce a single currency . The more far-fetched theorists claim the Illuminati control groups such as the Bildeberg group as well as the United Nations . They are also accused of having control of the Free Masons and other secret organisations .