The the first photos of Sarah Stage 's healthy newborn baby boy have been released . The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs . But James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week , putting paid to Sarah 's critics . Scroll down for video . Underwear model and animal rights activist Sarah Stage shared this adorable picture of her newborn baby James Hunter on Instagram . Sarah Stage took her last pregnancy selfie -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Monday , writing : ` Still waiting ' . The 30-year-old gave birth James the next day . Sarah shared the adorable pictures to her Instagram page . One , which shows a close up of her son 's face , said : ` Love at first sight #jameshunter . ' While the first ever picture of James featured the newborn in an adorable fox outfit . Sarah commented on the photo : ` James Hunter -LRB- 4/14/15 -RRB- 8.7 lbs/22 inches of HEALTHY baby ! ` Thank you for the positive support throughout my journey ... It 's just beginning !!! #JamesHunter #Healthy ' During her pregnancy many people commented that they felt Sarah 's unusually trim figure could be damaging to her unborn child , but it seems their fears were unfounded . Sarah posted this adorable picture of James to her Instagram commenting that it was ` love at first sight ' Sarah confirmed her happy news to E! revealing that her baby boy was 22 inches long at the time of his birth , adding : ` He 's a big healthy boy and he got an APGAR score of eight to nine . ' An APGAR score , which stands for Appearance , Pulse , Grimace , Activity , Respiration , is a quick method for assessing the health of a newborn , with scores of seven or above being considered normal . Sarah famously documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy , earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process . Although the now mother came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against toned figure their comments never stopped the model from sharing numerous photos of her tight abs with her 1.6 million Instagram followers . In this gorgeous snap James is seen sleeping in a giraffe costume . On Tuesday Sarah shared a photo of two In-N-Out burgers , writing , ` Cravings , ' although its not clear as to whether or not she enjoyed the meal before or after she gave birth . The lingerie-clad model snapped her last pregnancy selfie on Monday , which she captioned : ` Still waiting # 9 months -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' The snapshot of her in a black bra and thong underwear has been liked over40 ,000 times since it was posted , and has earned nearly 4,000 comments . And Sarah , who is of European and Costa Rican descent , took to Instagram last week to share a photo of growing belly during the last weeks of her of pregnancy , writing : '10 days until we meet #BabyJames . ' But Sarah did n't just receive harsh comments . Many women noted that they found Sarah 's pregnancy body to be motivation to work out and live a healthy lifestyle . Sarah struck various poses for these selfies of herself in her underwear which she posted throughout her pregnancy . Haters gon na hate : Sarah , who came under fire for her being tiny and toned throughout her pregnancy , told her critics to unfollow her if they have a problem with her pictures . Pregnant model Sarah Stage snapped this photo of herself flaunting her barely-there baby bump 10 days before she was supposed to give birth to her son . ` I 'm completely inspired to go to the gym first thing in the morning . You look absolutely gorgeous @sarahstage #amazing -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' one fan wrote . ` You look absolutely lovely . Hats off to you for being fit and taking care of yourself ! ' another added . ` If I ever have children , I 'm inspired by you to treat my pregnancy the very same way . I 'm sure James will be amazing ! Congratulations . ' Others compared their figures to Sarah 's pregnancy body , with one woman writing : '10 days before giving birth ?! Lord Jesus help us all ! I look like this after dinner -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' ` I look like that after a good meal or two , ' someone else commented . Meanwhile , some people suggested that her son would be as tiny as she is - although it has since been proved that their fears about the young boy 's size were unfounded . Sarah and her friend compared their growing bellies for this playful picture . Sarah shared this adorable photo of matching father and son Timberland boots . ` Baby James will come out the size of her phone case , ' one person commented , referencing the model 's bear-shaped cell phone cover . When she 's not sharing lingerie selfies , the new mother regularly shared pictures of her son 's nursery and his future wardrobe . Last week , Sarah shared an adorable photo of matching father and baby sized Timberland boots , writing : ` Daddy & baby shoe game -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' And despite her critics , Sarah refused to hide her then-eight-month pregnant body in maternity clothes . Sarah refused to wear baggy clothes during her pregnancy and instead opts for figure-hugging dresses like the one she is wearing in this picture . Sarah wore this sexy black dress on a ` date night ' when she was 37 weeks pregnant , two weeks before James was born . She shunned baggy dresses and instead dressed her bump in fitted Lycra or nothing at all . The fitness fanatic loves hitting the gym and captures herself working out , as well as following a healthy diet of quinoa , spinach and chicken . Clearly not letting her growing baby bump get in the way of her career , Sarah continued to proudly model whilst carrying . Two weeks ago , she shared a sexy snapshot of herself in black underwear and responded to her haters . ` BTW If you do n't like my pics then unfollow me , ' she wrote . ` I 'm excited , happy and enjoying every second of my pregnancy . Ca n't wait to meet James ! #NFG # 37weeks -LSB- sic -RSB- . '