Teachers are set to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way . Many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the National Union of Teachers -LRB- NUT -RRB- . At its annual conference in Harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like Finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times . Teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills . They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons . It is also likely to say lunch and break times are being used for ` coaching and cramming ' , depriving youngsters of their ` fundamental human right to play ' with their classmates . A resolution due to be put forward at the conference says : ` Primary schools are now being driven more and more towards a test and accountability culture which in turn makes them drive children of primary age to be educated in a formal way . ' It goes on to suggest learning through play is known to help youngsters develop vital communication and social skills and that ` over-formalisation of learning can cause disaffection with school ' . The motion calls on the NUT to support play in the curriculum at Key Stage 1 -LRB- five to seven-year-olds -RRB- ` to reflect the needs of the children ' . Speaking ahead of the conference , NUT general secretary Christine Blower said many children are not ready for the ` formal sitting down ' and ` come on let 's do some work stage '' before they are seven . ` There is a question about whether we 're expecting children to do things they 're not developmentally ready for , ' she said . The resolution , set to be heard on Saturday , also says : ` Lunchtime and break times are being used for coaching and cramming sessions , thus depriving primary age children of their fundamental human right to play and have free time to socialise with their peers . ' The motion calls on the NUT to support play for five to seven-year-olds ` to reflect the needs of the children ' The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child says children have the right to play and rest , it adds . Ms Blower said : ` In Finland , there are 45-minute lessons and then they have a break . Between each teaching session they have a break . One thing about our children is that , relatively speaking , they are rushed from pillar to post . Not so much in primary school , but in secondary school . ` Having a break between lessons gives a bit of space to reflect on the lesson they 've just had . ' The motion calls on the NUT to campaign in England and Wales for new laws to ensure children have a right to appropriate breaks and lunchtimes . The resolution comes amid growing debate over what children should learn , with politicians and education experts increasingly calling for schools to teach values such character , teamwork and resilience alongside academic subjects .