Shooter : Terry Martin , 48 , pictured in this 2012 mugshot , shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton , 48 , after she asked for half of his winnings . A man who won $ 500 on a scratch-off lottery ticket fatally shot his girlfriend and then himself after the pair got into a heated row about sharing the winnings . Terry Martin , 48 , shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton , 48 , after she asked for half of the proceeds . But Hampton , critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest , was able to call 911 about 6:30 am Saturday to report the shootings before she died . Responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on Beaty Street in Fort Worth , Texas , where Martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head . Hampton was taken by ambulance to John Peter Smith Hospital but died a few hours later . Homicide Sergeant Joe Loughman said the tragic couple had known each other since childhood and had lived together for several years . Loughman told The Fort Worth Star-Telegram : ` We received information that the suspect had won $ 500 on a Texas lottery scratch-off ticket and that the victim wanted half of the proceeds . The suspect did n't want to share it with her . ' Victim : Hampton , pictured , was taken by ambulance to John Peter Smith Hospital but died a few hours later . Home : Martin shot Hampton at their home on Beaty Street in Fort Worth , Texas , pictured here , . He added : -LSB- Hampton told police -RSB- that she had been shot and that he had shot himself after he shot her . ' Records showed that there was a history of violence between the couple . According to Tarrant County court records , Martin was sentenced in July 2012 to a day in jail and fined $ 214 for assaulting Hampton in their home in November 2011 . Gruesome discovery : Fort Worth police officers found the couple inside a bedroom where Martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head . In happier times : Martin , right , is pictured with his girlfriend Hampton , left , before the shooting . Couple : The tragic couple , pictured here , had known each other since childhood , according to police .