A pet dog was slashed across the head with a meat cleaver as he tried to protect his owners from armed robbers . The terrier , named Cookie , barked at Joseph Devaney , 23 , and Kieron Rolstron , 22 , as they burst into the home of a young couple and demanded money . But as owners John and Emma Evans watched in horror , Devaney brought down the machete on the animal 's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims ' car . Cookie , pictured with his injuries , was slashed with a meat cleaver during the aggravated burglary in Chorley . Joseph Devaney , left , struck Cookie over the head with a meat cleaver while is accomplice Kieron Rolstron , right shouted at the terrified householders ` give me your money ' and ` I will stab you ' during last year 's attack . Cookie suffered serious injuries and had be sedated whilst he was given stitches and is now recovering at home in Clayton Brook , near Chorley , Lancashire . At Preston Crown Court , Devaney and Rolstron were jailed after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle taking . Devaney also pleaded guilty to causing unnecessary suffering to an animal . Rolstron was jailed for eight years seven months whilst Devaney was given nine years . The attack occurred at 10 pm on September 15 last year whilst Mr and Mrs Evans ' seven-year-old daughter was sleeping in her upstairs bedroom . The couple were watching TV with Cookie snoozing beside them when Devaney , who was wielding a meat cleaver and Rolstron , who was armed with a knife , raced into the living room before making demands for money and attacking the dog . As the animal yelped in agony , Rolstron , a former plaster 's labourer from Bamber Bridge , began shouting over and over again , ` give me your money ' before grabbing the frightened dad by his shirt . In a brave act of courage the court was told that Mr Evans attempted to reach for Rolstron 's knife but he was repeatedly threatened with violence . Rolstron was said to shout ` I will stab you ' before the couple were pushed into the kitchen . Both were then ordered to kneel down as the intruders repeated their demands for money despite pleas from the couple that there was none in the house . Prosecuting counsel Mr Henry Pepper told the court that Rolstron had been pointing and brandishing the knife at the couple before the duo fled from the scene with the couple 's mobile telephones and car keys before making their getaway in the family 's car . Preston Crown Court , pictured , heard that John and Emma Evans ' seven-year-old daughter was sleeping upstairs when both men stormed into their house , attacking their dog and threatening them with violence . The court heard that Cookie , pictured , required stitches and is recovering at home following the attack . Mr Pepper said : ` Rolstron was shouting a number of times `` give me your money '' and grabbed John Evans ' top . He said , `` I will stab you '' and shouted it a number of times . Both were pushed into the kitchen and both were told to kneel down . ` The occupiers were at home , there was violence used or threatened to be used , both defendants had weapons - a knife and a meat cleaver . The Crown say these weapons were present on entry , it was night time and there was a child asleep in the house . Both defendants had their faces covered . ' The robbers took the couple 's Citroen Picasso which was involved in a police pursuit at 1.30 am the following morning after it was seen being driven dangerously through red lights and on the wrong side of the road . It was written-off after it crashed during the police chase . Both men were then located near to the crash and arrested . Rolstron was found in a field by a police helicopter whilst Devaney was found by police dogs hiding in a gazebo and in possession of one of the mobiles . The other phone is believed to have been sold soon after the theft . In a victim impact statement Mr Evans described the events as ` very frightening ' and had feared he was going to be stabbed . Mrs Evans described the incident at ` absolutely terrifying ' . Devaney had previous convictions for burglary , assault occasioning actual body harm , and possession of counterfeit money with intent . Rolstron had previous convictions for aggravated vehicle taking and possession of an offensive weapon . Both were also disqualified from driving for five years . For Devaney , Mr Daniel Prowse said that while violence was threatened against the victims , violence had n't been used and said that ` mercifully ' the child had remained asleep . He added that his client had shown ` clear and sincere remorse ' and was ` extremely apologetic ' . He added : ` He is very very sorry for his actions . ' For Rolstron , Mr Philip Holden added : ` Mercifully there was no physical injury to the complainants and mercifully the child remained asleep upstairs . Mr Rolstron for what it is worth did not know there was going to be injury to the dog . ' In passing sentence Judge Pamela Badley said that whatever the ` torturous ' reasons had been for entering the house it had ` terrified ' the couple . She said : ` One of the most unpleasant aspects was that the family pet was struck by you , Joseph Devaney . This was done to increase terror for the couple and it certainly had that effect . This was significant psychological abuse of the couple . The terror was such that you were able to achieve your aim . ` There was a child , a seven-year-old at home , she was upstairs , the commotion would not have been easy for her to ignore . The effect of the family dog would have been clear to her . Each of you were either under the influence of alcohol or drugs . ` Whilst you were there each of you knew the effect you were having on this couple and you continued in the way you did demanding money and pushing each of them around . '