Joey Barton has urged QPR to use their win over West Brom as a springboard for survival . Rangers won 4-1 at the 10-man Baggies on Saturday to end a losing run of five matches and clinch just their second away victory of the season . Chris Ramsey 's side are still in the Barclays Premier League drop zone but are just three points behind fellow strugglers Aston Villa , who they travel to on Tuesday , with a better goal difference . Queens Park Rangers midfielder Joey Barton believes his side have a ` hell of a chance ' of staying up . Barton , who scored at The Hawthorns , captained his side to a 4-1 away win against West Brom . QPR are just a point behind 17th-placed Sunderland . And Barton , who scored Rangers ' fourth , is eyeing a late run which can take them to safety . ` We took our chances and hopefully it 's a springboard for us to put a run together and make it difficult for the teams in and around the relegation zone , ' he told the club 's official website . ` There 's a great amount of spirit in the group , a lot of people have written us off and we have an awful lot of work to do but performances like that give us a hell of a chance . ` We have been putting great performances in but we have n't got the rub of the green you need . ' Bobby Zamora -LRB- left -RRB- scored QPR 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom . Eduardo Vargas -LRB- left -RRB- wheels away to celebrate firing QPR into the lead against West Brom . Eduardo Vargas , Charlie Austin and Bobby Zamora scored to put Rangers 3-0 up at the break with Zamora netting a fabulous lob just before half time . Zamora told the club 's official site : ` I 'm delighted to get on the scoresheet but it was a great performance from us . Villa have lost and Leicester have won so it 's tight down there and we have to keep doing our job . It 's a big game on Tuesday . ' Albion are eight points clear of Rangers but suffered their heaviest defeat under Tony Pulis , despite Victor Anichebe 's second-half header , and also had Youssouf Mulumbu sent off . Pulis added : ` We should have dealt better with their first goal . The second goal was from a set play . Zamora scored a great third goal and the fourth goal should n't have stood because Charlie Austin tripped Gareth McAuley . That was a poor decision by the referee . '