They are the images that capture the faces and dramatic landscapes one photographer encountered during a 1000-day journey around the world . Award-winning photographer Uruma Takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe . For his latest book , the Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road , to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents . During his several year-long journey , Takezawa found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world and the results are a spectacular set of dramatic images , which currenlty form part of an exhibition at New York 's Foto-Care Gallery . Japanese photographer Uruma Takezawa snaps a boy wears traditional tribal make up in the The Lower Omo River Valley , Ethiopia . Born in 1977 , the Japanese artist first began his career as a marine photographer , travelling the world to capture breathtaking underwater vistas . From there , he discovered a passion for photographing the unknown , travelling alone by bus , train , on foot and horseback to reach his far-flung destinations . ` The ocean and its seascapes had become so familiar for me , ' he wrote . ` I desired to see the different faces of the world . I decided to come ashore and make a long trip in order to see the world with my own eyes . ' Cowboys drive herds of cattle over a vast meadow in Pantanal in Brazil , where Takezawa spent one week observing their ways . The winner of the third Nikkei National Geographic Photo Prize , Takezawa has made a living documenting remote communities . Standing stones tower against a background of clouds in Isla de Pascua , Chile , otherwise known as Easter Island . The capital of the Cusco province , Paucartambo , Peru , is home to the Virgen del Carmen festival held each July . The Wodaabe Tribe are a nomadic people of cattle-herders and traders populating the Sahel desert of West Africa , in particular Niger . A woman carries a child in a sling while going about her daily errands in Senessa in the landlocked west African country of Mali . In -LRB- nearly -RRB- 1,000 days , Takezawa travelled to the most far-flung stretches of the world , enduring many tough terrains to find his subjects . Armed with just a small backpack and his camera equipment , Takezawa endured many tough terrains to photograph his subjects , who are as cut off from the modern world as is possible in this day and age . His enlightening body of work is described as a celebration of the connection that exists between people and the land . From Brazil to Uganda , Takezawa attempts to capture the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of the human spirit of those who live off the land . Takezawa writes : ` It 's a wide world - far wider than we think , and much deeper . That is the most important thing I learned from my long journey . ` It is my hope that the ` Land ' photos will enable viewers to sense the width of the world and the depth of people 's hearts . ' What an incredible view ! It 's no surprise that vans and lorries line up to watch the spectacular sunset in Akatama , Chile . In his series , ` Land , ' Takezawa photographed individuals who are as cut off from the modern world as is possible in this day and age . Rain droplets obscure the view from the window , where a red double decker bus is in clear view on the right hand side . A woman dances in the streets of Havana in Cuba , which the photographer said were filled with rhythm and dancing . His breathtaking photo series captures the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of those who live off the land . The Pamir Mountains in Tajikistan are formed by the junction of the Himalayas with several other Central Asian ranges . Tazara Railways , in east Africa , is a 1,860 km single-track railway , which links Tanzania and Zambia . In Lalung Gal Gompa , East Tibet , exists a dense collection of monk quarters laid out on top of each other on a hillside . Dozens of hot hair balloons fly high above the rocky landscape , which includes the famed fairy chimneys , of Goreme , Turkey . Men , women and children flock to a market held once a week in a small village deep in the interior of Dogon Country in Mali in west Africa . Takezawa 's round-the-world trip began on March 18 , 2010 in Japan and took him to places such as Vrindavan , India -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Takezawa is also an accomplished commercial photographer , working with advertising agencies and magazines . His nearly 1,000 day round-the-world trip , which began on March 18 , 2010 in Japan , ended on December 31 , 2012 . From April 21 to May 5 , his show , Land : Photographs By Uruma Takezawa , will be on display at the Foto-Care Gallery in New York City . Takezawa captured a beautiful starry sky as the sun went down in Morondava , the capital of Madagascar . The world 's third largest reserve of fresh water , the Perito Moreno Glacier in the Santa Cruz Province of Argentina is a tourist favourite . The Japanese photographer captured the men of the Wodaabe tribe in Nigeria who paint their face with pigment made from crushed rocks . Hallstatt , Austria , is home to one of the world 's largest collections of hand-painted human skulls , known as the Beinhaus . His enlightening body of work is described as a celebration of the connection that exists between people and the land . In Budapest , Hungary , Takezawa captured several travellers waiting at a local train station through a marked pane of glass . Takezawa photographed one particular protest in Tripoli , Lebanon , where several men carried black flags mounted to tall sticks . In Tobilisi , Georgia , two little girls sit on a window ledge , which is protected by metal bars , which they peer through . Takezawa photographed these children in an orphanage in Kakuto County in Uganda gathering together for early morning lessons . In Uyuni in Bolivia , he walked on a vast salt lake at an altitude of 4000 meters where pools of water reflected the blue of the sky .