The mother of a pregnant woman who woke up from a four-month coma earlier this month said she knew doctors were wrong when they told her that her 20-year-old daughter would n't wake up . Anna Moser 's daughter Sharista Giles of Sweetwater , Tennessee , was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . She was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles . Scroll down for video . Twenty-year-old Sharista Giles -LRB- left -RRB- of Sweetwater , Tennessee , went into a coma in December after a car accident . Her mom , Anna Moser -LRB- right -RRB- , said that she believed her daughter would wake up even when doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovery . Giles -LRB- right -RRB- opened her eyes earlier this month . Though she is still nonverbal , Moser -LRB- left -RRB- talks to her daughter every day . Though Giles was given a two-per cent chance of recovering , Moser was confident her daughter would wake up . When Giles finally did open her eyes , Moser said her daughter was n't herself it appeared that she was n't sure what was going on around her . But she soon began following her father 's movements around the room . Then , her father showed her a photo of her son . ` He showed her a picture of her baby , and she followed the picture , ' said her mother , Beverly . ` When he turned around to put it back on the bulletin board , she turned her neck , her whole head trying to follow and find the picture again . ' And Moser remained hopeful , but not entirely optimistic , until she started speaking to Giles a few nights ago . ` I said , `` If you could get out of that bed right now , I could take you home , '' and her head come up . And she had never did that , it was plumb off the bed , ' Moser told WATE . ` That 's when I knew . ' Giles was five months pregnant when she fell into the coma . In January doctors were forced to deliver the baby -LRB- pictured in utero , right -RRB- early , a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles . Moser said she now speaks to her daughter every day and shows her pictures of Leighton . And though Giles is still nonverbal , Moser believes her daughter hears her . ` I finally have not a doubt in my mind . And I needed that , ' she said . ` It 's a process . But I know , I know , it 's truly a miracle . It 's truly a miracle . ' Giles has yet to meet her baby in person because doctors do not want him entering the rehab facility , her aunt , Beverly Giles told ABC . Moser said Leighton has finally left the NICU and believes that Giles will make a full recovery and will be able to raise her son . ` We never gave up , ' said her mother . ` She 's fought this hard . ' Moser said that she believes her daughter hears her when she talks to her , and she believes that Giles will make a full recovery so she will be able to raise her son .