Six Chelsea players have been named in the Professional Footballers ' Association Premier League team of the year . Jose Mourinho 's men are on the brink of a first title since 2010 and their dominance over the past nine months was highlighted by a cluster of blue shirts in the XI announced by the PFA on Sunday . The entire back four started the season as Blues players , with centre-back pairing John Terry and Gary Cahill joined by Branislav Ivanovic and Ryan Bertrand , the latter of whom signed permanently for Southampton in February having joined on loan last summer . Eden Hazard , favourite for the main individual award after a superb season in which he has notched 18 goals for the Stamford Bridge outfit , was in midfield along with club colleague Nemanja Matic , Liverpool 's Philippe Coutinho and Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez . Tottenham forward Harry Kane - tipped to be crowned young player of the year at London 's Grosvenor Hotel later on Sunday - was the only English attacking player , chosen up front alongside Chelsea 's 19-goal striker Diego Costa . Some Chelsea fans may feel aggrieved that there are not seven players in the team with Cesc Fabregas a notable exception . The midfielder has made 16 league assists this season , 12 more than Coutinho . The PFA Premier League Team of the Year for the 2014-15 season was announced on Sunday . GOALKEEPER - David de Gea -LRB- Manchester United -RRB- . Appearances : 33 . Clean sheets : 10 . David de Gea has overcome a difficult start in English football to become United 's most outstanding performer this season . The 24-year-old has been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid this summer . Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea makes a save from West Ham 's Enner Valencia in February . RIGHT-BACK - Branislav Ivanovic -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- . Appearances : 32 . Goals : 4 . Clean sheets : 15 . It has been another sterling season for the ever-dependable Branislav Ivanovic and the 31-year-old Serbian has attracted the eye of German giants Bayern Munich with his contract due to run out in 2016 . Chelsea 's Serbian defender Branislav Ivanovic -LRB- right -RRB- challenges Manchester United 's Marouane Fellaini . CENTRE-BACK - John Terry -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- . Appearances : 32 . Goals : 3 . Clean sheets : 15 . John Terry continues to impress at the age of 34 and former England team-mate Paul Scholes was left bemused when the Chelsea captain was omitted in the shortlist for Player of the Year . Chelsea captain John Terry heads the ball during a Premier League match against Southampton in December . CENTRE-BACK - Gary Cahill -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- . Appearances : 30 . Goals : 1 . Clean sheets : 14 . Gary Cahill makes the PFA Team of the Year for the second consecutive season with the 29-year-old playing a major part yet again in Chelsea 's rock solid defence this season - no Premier League club has conceded fewer than their 26 goals . Chelsea defender Gary Cahill -LRB- left -RRB- takes the ball away from Hull 's Nikica Jelavic last December . LEFT-BACK - Ryan Bertrand -LRB- Southampton -RRB- . Appearances : 30 . Goals : 2 . Clean sheets : 13 . Ryan Bertrand joined Southampton on loan from Chelsea at the start of the season before completing a permanent £ 10m move in February . The 25-year-old has enjoyed a fine season on the south coast . Southampton defender Ryan Bertrand -LRB- left -RRB- controls the ball under pressure from Hull 's Mohamed Diame . RIGHT MIDFIELD - Alexis Sanchez -LRB- Arsenal -RRB- . Appearances : 29 . Goals : 14 . Assists : 8 . Fourteen league goals and eight assists . What a debut season it has been for Alexis Sanchez after the 26-year-old Chilean joined from Barcelona last summer for a fee of around £ 35m . Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez -LRB- left -RRB- controls the ball as Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling looks on earlier this month . CENTRE MIDFIELD - Philippe Coutinho -LRB- Liverpool -RRB- . Appearances : 30 . Goals : 3 . Assists : 4 . It has not been the season Liverpool hoped for after missing out on the Premier League title last year but 22-year-old Brazilian Philippe Coutinho has been the stand-out performer for Brendan Rodgers ' side . Liverpool 's Philippe Coutinho -LRB- right -RRB- advances with the ball under chase from West Brom 's Darren Fletcher . CENTRE MIDFIELD - Nemanja Matic -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- . Appearances : 30 . Goals : 1 . Assists : 2 . In his first full season with Chelsea , 26-year-old Nemanja Matic has performed a key role for the Blue and is regarded by some as the best defensive midfielder in Europe . Chelsea 's Nemanja Matic -LRB- right -RRB- looks to evade the challenge of Manchester United 's Luis Antonio Valencia . LEFT MIDFIELD - Eden Hazard -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- . Appearances : 32 . Goals : 13 . Assists : 8 . Eden Hazard 's impact for Chelsea this season prompted his boss Jose Mourinho to say , rather lightheartedly , this week that the 24-year-old is worth £ 100m for each leg plus Cristiano Ronaldo . This is the third straight season that Hazard has been named in the PFA Team of the Year . Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard -LRB- front -RRB- skips past the challenge of Manchester United 's Wayne Rooney . STRIKER - Harry Kane -LRB- Tottenham Hotspur -RRB- . Appearances : 30 . Goals : 20 . Assists : 4 . This has been the season in which 21-year-old Harry Kane has announced himself to the world , scoring 20 league goals in a stunning breakthrough season which also included a debut goal for England just 80 seconds after coming on against Lithuania last month . Tottenham Hotspur star Harry Kane celebrates his goal against Liverpool at Anfield in February . STRIKER - Diego Costa -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- . Appearances : 24 . Goals : 19 . Assists : 3 . Diego Costa has made quite the impact in his first season in England after joining Chelsea from Atletico Madrid for £ 32million last summer , scoring 19 league goals and consistently winding up the opposition . Chelsea striker Diego Costa celebrates after scoring against Aston Villa at Stamford Bridge .