One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look , despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health . According to a new study , while just over half of women worry about the long term damage of beauty treatments , nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even it it proved hazardous to their health . Seven per cent , meanwhile , have actually had allergic reactions . The survey , conducted by beauty research organization LQS and Associates , looked at the lengths 1,000 American women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity , and the potentially disastrous consequences they might face in doing so , including hair loss , skin swelling , and overly painful procedures . The cost of beauty : Women often do n't realize the dangers of salon treatments before sitting in the styling chair . Respondents cited the hairstyles of actresses Jennifer Aniston and Sandra Bullock , as well as signer Jennifer Lopez , as celebrity favorites , with 53 per cent also noting that they get skin , beauty , and hair ideas from pictures and videos of famous personalities . But LQS and Associates warns against attempts to emulate these looks on a regular basis . A-listers like Beyonce , Paris Hilton , and Selena Gomez all sport weaves and extensions , but their beauty regimen is not always adaptable to the average person . ` Many of those glamorous looks can do more harm than good , leading to long term problems , ' said LaQue Gushon-Harris , president of LQS and Associates . ` Unfortunately , most women are not even aware of the repercussions . ' Mr Gushon-Harris explained that women who get weaves and extensions often deal with hair loss from traction alopecia , the gradual recession of the hairline due to tight hairstyles that pull at hair follicles over time . The survey also revealed that the top five beauty and cosmetic treatments favored by women in the US include manicures , pedicures , hair coloring , teeth whitening , and perms . However , frequently demonized treatments like tanning beds and facials also make the top 10 . Good hair day : Jennifer Aniston -LRB- left -RRB- and Sandra Bullock -LRB- right -RRB- have the top two favorite celebrity hairstyles . Long-term risk ? According to LaQue Gushon-Harris , president of LQS and Associates , Beyonce 's weave could be causing permanent damage to her hair follicles . Despite the dangers , the majority of women say beauty treatments make them feel better about themselves and improve their looks . Nearly half believe these procedures boost their confidence . And in a country where one-sixth of women go to great lengths to look like their favorite celebrities , knowledge of dangers might not even stop them . When asked if they knew for certain that their treatments would cause permanent damage , four per cent said they would continue anyway and six per cent would continue , just not as much . Most women , however , remain confident that their treatments are safe , and 67 per cent say they would stop if they learned what they were doing to themselves was unhealthy . It comes down to education , says Mr Gushon-Harris , who travels the country teaching women about the dangers of cosmetic treatments . The study also found that 56 per cent of the respondents want more information on the side effects of their treatments and almost a quarter do n't have any idea of the dangers of their treatments . It 's a possible push for beauty salons to be more transparent . ` It is very important to be educated about whatever it is that you are doing to your body , ' he added . ` These damages can be lasting and life changing . '