The school exam season is nearly upon us ; cue a nerve-jangling few months for parents and children alike . For many youngsters , the thought of a single desk with nothing more than a white paper on it and a ticking clock nearby fills them with dread . At best , students get jittery , at worst , their actual grade can be affected . A new survey by academics at Lancashire 's Edge Hill University and the University of South Australia has charted a direct link between anxiety and performance , saying pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious . Countdown to the exam season : A new study by Lancashire 's Edge Hill University found a direct link between anxiety ahead of taking exams and grades achieved . The study , which has been published in the British Journal of Educational Psychology , questioned 705 pupils from 11 schools . Researcher Dr Dave Putwain , Reader in Education at Edge Hill University , said : ` There is no doubt that a high degree of worry over one 's performance , or the consequences of one 's performance , has a detrimental effect on GCSE results . ' He continued : ` Our study , which was controlled for prior attainment and also how good students were at dealing with exam pressure , found that increased worry still predicted lower achievement . ' With that in mind , how can you best ensure your offspring rides the exam storm and comes out the other end feeling happy and achieving what they 'd hoped for ? FEMAIL has enlisted the help of Michael Ribton , principal at Burlington Danes Academy in West London , which achieved an outstanding grade at its last OFSTED inspection , to offer some sage advice to parents and students on how to get through the tricky months ahead . If Ribton is more than used to getting teenagers to apply themselves in his day job , he 's also used to it at home . This summer , his son Joe , 18 , will sit A levels , while his daughter Maddy , 16 , will take her GCSES . He says : ` Our May half-term holiday has been cancelled so that they are free to get on with revision . ` Their bedrooms are adorned with flashcards and files ; their revision timetables and exam timetables are on display in the kitchen . It 's a busy time ! ' Principal at Burlington Danes Academy Michael Ribton , pictured above -LRB- left -RRB- helping a pupil to revise , says parents should pin their offspring 's revision timetable on the fridge and really engage with them during the lead up to the stressful exam period . Here , he offers his essential guide to how to ease the passage of students bound for the exam hall : . DEVISE A BESPOKE REVISION PLAN THAT INCLUDES REWARDS OF TIME OFF . ` Draw up a revision timetable and stick to it . ` Set yourself goals and reward yourself with time off . A common error is forgetting to add up your cumulative hours on each subject so that you are not overly focusing on one subject . ` Parents need to be part of this as well . A revision timetable should be on the fridge at home ! ` Students also need to find the way that suits them best , though there are some foundation blocks to any revision programme that are essential . ` And know what to revise : exam websites are really useful , but do make sure you know the precise course and paper reference codes . ' Parents should engage with their children at exam time : Test them on anything they need to learn by rote and make sure they get a healthy breakfast and plenty of weekend exercise . FIND A QUIET PLACE , SWITCH OFF THE INTERNET AND DO PRACTICE QUESTIONS . ` Students need a place to revise , free from distractions and that includes the internet . Though it contains lots of great support material , it can be quite a distraction . ` Revision is not simply re-reading exercise books ! It ought to be complemented by undertaking practice questions ; challenging oneself is an essential core component of revision too . ' Burlington Danes Academy student Fatima Sharif , achieved 4As and 1B grade at AS Level last summer . The student , from White City in West London , currently has conditional offers from five of the country 's top universities including Oxford to study English Literature . Although Fatima does n't have a definite career plan , she is interested in teaching . Here , she explains how she 's currently dealing with revising for her A Level exams : . Fatima Sharif is due to sit five A Levels this summer and has a conditional offer from Oxford . ` In order to motivate myself to revise , I think about what I really want to achieve ; being really successful , or getting into a great university , and those thoughts really keeps me going . ` I set myself a goal , and my continual motivation is achieving that goal , because I know that it will all be worth it if I just put effort into it now . ` Personally , I do n't really benefit from timetables as I fear that if I am not strictly adhering to them , I am somehow not effectively revising . ` But I definitely recognise that timetables can be incredibly helpful for students as they give them a set time to work and rest , and they break down the huge amounts of work they have into effective revision time . I would definitely recommend a revision timetable to students . ' ` Although my family has n't offered me treats if I do well , I have promised myself them ! During my AS exams I really wanted a Kindle , so I told myself that as soon as I got through the tough exams I 'd treat myself to one . ` I think revision has more significance if you promise yourself something . It does n't have to be big , just something small to direct you on the right course . FATIMA 'S TOP THREE TIPS FOR SUCCESSFUL REVISION . USE REVISION AIDS INCLUDING FLASHCARDS , POST-IT NOTES AND HIGHLIGHTERS . ` Ensure your child has the tools they need to revise and keep in close contact with the school to find out what they advise you can do to help your child . ` At Ark Burlington Danes , we hand out revision booklets -LRB- that contain the basic knowledge for all subjects -RRB- , flashcards , highlighters and post-it notes . ` We also send text messages , hold intervention classes , cram timetables and do mock exams and questions . ' DO N'T BE AFRAID TO TRY NEW TECHNIQUES . ` `` Spaced Learning '' has worked well for us : it 's a ` cramming ' technique based on neuro-scientific research , which enables the memory process to take place very quickly -- quickly enough to cover and retain a whole subject module 's content in approximately an hour . ` A Spaced Learning session consists of three identical ` inputs ' on PowerPoint slides divided by 10-minute breaks filled with ` brain gym ' activities . ` Watching a whole year group learn , say , about theories on the existence of God and then stand up to write their names in the air backwards with their non writing hand is hilarious ! ' Do n't despair ! A positive attitude is essential for both parents and students . FOR STUDENTS . Draw up a revision timetable and stick to it . Revise in a quiet place , free from distractions -LRB- switch off the internet if you need to -RRB- . Use practice questions to hone technique . Buy flashcards , post-it notes and highlighters ! Try cram techniques such as ` Spaced Learning ' which can train the brain into retaining information . FOR PARENTS . Get involved ! Put your child 's revision timetable on the fridge at home . Do n't bribe your child : the best prize they can have is education . Ask your offspring to explain their work to you ; it 'll help them to understand it more fully . Offer to test them on the things that they need to learn by rote . Ensure they breakfast well and exercise together on the weekends . Be positive ! HOW CAN PARENTS HELP WITH REVISION ? ` Parents play a crucial part . ` Firstly , take a close interest in your child 's learning , preferably always but especially at exam time . ` Ask your child to explain difficult concepts as teaching someone else is the best way to learn yourself . Test them on anything they need to learn by rote . ` Be positive : high expectations matter and you can not get away from the fact that exams are a stressful time . ` All a parent can do is to help their child have the very best chance of success and provide every opportunity for their child to give it their best shot . ' MAKE SURE THEY EAT WELL AND EXERCISE . ` Feed your child properly throughout the exam season ; a good breakfast helps and ensure they get a proper night 's sleep too . ` At ArkBDA we provide a healthy breakfast for all pupils and we 've found that it really boosts levels of engagement . ` Know when their exams are , set your alarm clock and get up with them to help them get organised . ` At weekends , get some exercise together . ' SHOULD YOU PAY FOR EXTRA TUITION ? It ought not be necessary in good or better schools , but a tutor can help boost the confidence of a child . I would hope the parents at my school would talk with me first before investing money to support their child . An outstanding school would see this as a failure on their part . BRIBES ARE N'T THE ANSWER ! A good education is a reward in itself , it opens so many doors . Bribes are n't necessary .