Part of a fiberglass boat spotted floating off the coast of Oregon is thought to be more debris from the 2011 Japanese tsunami . The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30 am on Thursday . Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University 's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspected the boat remains and and found ` several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan . ' Tsunami debris : A chunk of a fiberglass boat 25-30 ' long has been spotted floating off the Oregon shore . Rescued : These live yellowtail jack fish , native to Japan , were found inside the floating debris and are now being housed in the Oregon Coast Aquarium . The several live yellowtail jack fish found on board will be delivered to the Oregon Coast Aquarium . Five million tons of wreckage - the remains of homes , boats , and other remnants of shattered lives in eastern Japan - were swallowed by the ocean when the tsunami struck four years ago . About 70 per cent of it sank , leaving about 1.5 million tons floating with scientists saying they expect more debris to hit Alaska and the West Coast of North America for years to come . An estimated 5 million tons of debris washed into the ocean in March of 2011 during the tsunami . Around 70 percent of it is believed to have immediately sunk near the Japanese coast . Some more mobile items may have reached the Pacific Northwest before 2011 even came to a close . The first documented piece of debris to arrive in California , a barnacle covered fishing boat , came ashore in April 2013 . The particles are dispersed sparsely from Alaska to the Philippines . In 2013 , a floating island of debris the size of Texas crossed the vast Pacific Ocean to the western shores of the Americas . The Oregan authorities plan to tow the boat segment to the Port of Newport for temporary storage . ` The debris appears to be half to two-thirds of a larger vessel , possibly damaged and set adrift during the earthquake and tsunami that struck the east coast of Japan in 2011 , ' said Chris Havel of the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department . He said biologists inspected the object and consulted with the state Fish and Wildlife Department , deciding that the attached organisms pose little threat to the Oregon coast ecosystem . The remains of the boat will eventually be removed from the water , studied , dismantled and taken to a landfill . Wreckage : The fiberglass remains of the boat found floating off the coast of Oregon yesterday . Wreckage : A floating island of debris the size of Texas floated toward California coast in 2013 after washing into the Pacific in Japan 's horrific 2011 tsunami . Ghost ship : The 164ft Japanese fishing vessel Ryou-Un Maru entered US waters March 31 , 2012 , on its ghostly journey after being washed away by the massive wave . The ship eventually sank in the Gulf of Alaska .