Diddy certainly is n't pulling any punches when it comes to putting his money where his mouth is ahead of the mega-fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao . The rapper and producer placed a $ 250,000 bet with Hollywood actor and friend Mark Wahlberg that ` Money ' Mayweather will come out on top in the bout . In the video posted to Instagram , Diddy originally suggests a $ 100,000 wager , before being raised by Wahlberg as the duo chat while sitting by a swimming pool . Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $ 250,000 on the Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao mega-fight . Diddy offers to place a bet of $ 100,000 on Mayweather in the Las Vegas mega-fight next weekend . Wahlberg accepts but raises the stake to $ 250,000 on the mega-fight as he takes on the rapper . Diddy puts his money where his mouth is and the duo agree to put $ 250,000 on the showdown . The pair share a joke as they agree to the wager in front of a swimming pool . But Diddy and Wahlberg are n't the only ones planning to splash the cash ahead of the Las Vegas fight , which is expected to gross over $ 300million . American boxer Adrien Broner has revealed he will be putting down $ 10,000 on a stoppage during the fight . And if that was n't quite enough , the 25-year-old three-time world champion also admitted he could put as much as $ 50,000 down on the fight which takes place this weekend . Boxing duo Mayweather and Pacquiao are just days away from their mega-fight in Las Vegas . Pacquiao in training with Freddie Roach at the Wild Card Gym leading up to the fight . Mayweather trains during a media workout in preparation for Saturday 's fight with Pacquiao . The Las Vegas mega-fight is set to shatter revenue records too , with contributions from five title sponsors amounting to $ 13.2 million , roughly three times the previous highest amount . For instance , Tecate have paid $ 5.6 m to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor , beating a $ 5.2 m bid from Corona . Meanwhile , sales of Pacquiao merchandise have soared 10-fold in the build-up to the fight , with retailers in his native Philippines struggling to keep up with demand . Fans have been snapping up Pacquiao t-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , baseball caps and jackets ahead of the fight , believing they will soar in value should he beat Mayweather . In all , the fight is expected to give the Las Vegas economy a $ 1bn-plus boost with as many as 300,000 fans descending on the Nevada city just so they can say ` I was there ' on the night .