A British ISIS fighter has complained about fellow jihadis fleeing the frontline then boasting of their bravery on Twitter while posing with their weapons . Omar Hussain , 27 , from High Wycombe , regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called Islamic State under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani . Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes . In his latest video the former Morrisons security guard , who used to live at home with his mother and has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride , accuses a fellow ` brother ' of running away from the frontline in Syria ` When it was only him and me defending the post ' . Omar Hussain , 27 , from High Wycombe , posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani . He has complained about jihadis who leave their posts then boasting on social media about their bravery . Islamic State fighters pose at the border between Syria and Iraq . Hussain has cautioned ` sisters ' to choose wisely when searching for a spouse among ISIS fighters . A jihadi poses with a handgun and an ISIS ring in a social media post . Hussain has warned would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who seem to spend too much time online . He said : ` I can recall myself shouting at him to come back as he ran away leaving me alone to defend the position . ` The ironical thing here was that the brother went online the next day and praised how Dawlah -LSB- Islamic State -RSB- managed to defend an onslaught by the enemy , and how people in the west need to `` stop being cowards '' . ` On other occasions , I have noticed how some brothers praise how `` we '' attacked such and such village , how hard the battle was for `` us '' , etc. yet they were not there . ` A form of tadlees -LRB- twisting the haqq -LSB- truth -RSB- to get self praise -RRB- , not a characteristic stemming from humbleness and sincerity . ' Hussain , who has previously issued advice on how jihadists should ` deal ' with wannabe jihadi brides , has now cautioned ` sisters ' to choose wisely when searching for a spouse among ISIS fighters . He said : ` Although there may be nothing wrong with marrying a brother who is constantly online , I would just like to say that its best one does not rush into a marriage contract . ` I have been in Sham -LSB- the Caliphate -RSB- for just over a year now and I have seen many beautiful brothers who are constant on their ibaadah -LSB- worship -RSB- , warriors in front lines , have amazing military minds , generous towards others , humble , funny , etc. yet are unknown on social media . ` So sisters , please be careful and deliberate when choosing a spouse . We are still human beings , we err and we make mistakes . ` Some people 's intentions can sidetrack , especially when on social media platforms . ' A jihadi poses with an AK-47 and a handgun . Some fighters boast online about how ` we ' attacked a village when they were n't even part of any ISIS assault , according to Hussein . Despite his hatred of the West this ISIS fighter enjoys showing off his Adidas trainers in this online post . Hussain himself poses with an AK-47 in Raqqa , Syria . He often posts videos containing his opinions on life inside the so-called Islamic State . The British jihadi decries boastful fellow fighters who are ` always on twitter posting pics of -LSB- themselves -RSB- ' rather than actually fighting on the frontline - which should make would-be wives wary given electronic devices are banned there . He adds : ` The only reason a brother can be constantly on twitter , fb , Instagram or other social media platform , is if he 's not on front lines . ' Hussain continues that all ISIS members in the area controlled by the group have guns and not just the fighters . ` Just because someone is in Sham and has a gun , it does not mean they are a Mujaahid , ' he says . ` Immaturity makes a person over excited . And being over excited leads to posting pics online with a gun . ` Do not be afraid to reject a proposal , there are many brothers here in Sham . And some of the most beautiful are those who are always on ribat -LSB- the frontline -RSB- and completely unknown on social media platforms . ' And in a missive posted yesterday Hussain railed against jihadis who moan ` like menstruating women ' about the guns they 've been given . Jihadists based in Atmeh - just one mile from the Olive Tree refugee camp in Syria - have boasted of living ` the goodly life ' in a huge hilltop villa - a far cry from the frontline in the country 's brutal civil war . Bethnal Green teenagers Kadiza Sultana , Shamima Begum and Amira Abase all ran away from their homes apparently to be jihadi brides . Hussain says such girls should chose their husbands carefully . It is feared the three are now married to ISIS fighters . Hussain has complained at how some moan like ` menstruating women ' at the guns they have been given . Hussain admits on Twitter that it took him 50 minutes to peel 10 potatoes - leaving him too tired to cut them . He says to his ` beloved brothers in Islam ' : ` Know that yesterday you had nothing of honor in your hands and were subjugated under the laws of the Kuffar -LSB- unbeliever -RSB- . ` You carried no bullets , no gun , no grenade , nothing of this sort . Yet here you are today with honor given to you , so do not boast about what you have been given . ` For you have been given it due to the sacrifices of your brothers before you ... The soldiers who fought the battles while you were sitting at home . ` Likewise , do not complain when you are given a gun which you do not like ... What were you walking around with last month ? In Dar Al-Kufr -LSB- any non-Muslim country -RSB- , did you have a brand new Russian AK47 ? ` Did you have a Glock ? You did n't even have a rusty old gun , yet here you are complaining like a menstruating woman about the very find details of your gun ! ' Yet Hussain has form when it comes to spending a time posting on social media rather than taking the fight to ISIS ' Syrian government or Kurdish enemies or dodging US airstrikes - and he 's not averse to sharing pictures of himself brandishing an AK-47 either . Earlier this month he complained on Twitter about his difficulties completing the most basic daily jobs including peeling potatoes for his dinner and washing his clothes . In August Last August he appeared on BBC2 's Newsnight , saying : ` I hate the UK , the only reason why I would intend to return to the UK is when I want to come and plant a bomb somewhere . '