A man who was run over by Suge Knight has refused to testify against the rap mogul , defiantly stating in court that he is ` no snitch ' . Cle ` Bone ' Sloan , 45 , was crushed beneath the wheels of Knight 's pickup truck outside a burger stand in January , leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head , knees and shoulder . But he claimed from the witness stand of the Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation , in which his companion Terry Carter , 55 , was killed . ` No snitch ' : Cle ` Bone ' Sloan , 45 , -LRB- left , file photo -RRB- told the court that he ` will not be used to send Suge Knight -LRB- pictured right last week -RRB- to prison ' . Knight is accused of murdering Terry Carter , 55 , and trying to murder Sloan , whom he left with broken bones and other injuries . Suge is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan , but claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt . Speaking to the court , Sloan said : ` I do n't want it to get misconstrued that I told on this man . ` I 'm no snitch . I will not be used to send Suge Knight to prison . ' At one point he even refused to confirm that he recognized Knight in court . He also said he was only there because he had been subpoenaed . Knight , who is diabetic and has previously collapsed in trial hearings , is being kept in jail while the hearings proceed . Last week he came to court in a wheelchair , which his lawyers described as a ` ploy ' to humiliate him . The judge said that if he did not need it to walk he would not have to use it again . At Monday 's hearing Sloan even seemed to speak in Knight 's defense - telling the court that he punched him through the window of the truck earlier in the fatal encounter . Strapped in : Knight , pictured above on April 8 , is being held on a $ 25million bail . He came to court last week strapped to a wheelchair . He later agreed with Knight 's defense attorney when he said Knight ` had n't attacked you in any form , fashion or manner . ' Summarizing his position , Sloan said : `` Every day , I tried to forget it , ' Sloan said . ` I just know , I screwed up , and Terry 's dead . ' In response to his apparent memory lapse , judge Ronald Coen said that ` this witness is being deceptive . ' Killed : Terry Carter , 55 , was killed after Knight ran him down . He has claimed the killing was legal as he was trying to escape . Knight was caught on camera running over Sloan and Carter during the January 29 encounter . Sloan and Carter were both involved with Straight Outta Compton , an upcoming film about the rap group N.W.A. Sloan 's testimony was offered during a preliminary hearing Monday during which a judge will determine whether there 's enough evidence for Knight to stand trial on any of the charges . Authorities contend Knight intentionally hit Sloan and Carter . But Knight 's attorney Matt Fletcher says his client was ambushed and was trying to escape an attack when he hit the men . Fletcher pressed Sloan on his feelings toward Knight and whether he was ` enraged ' at him on the day of the incident . Sloan said he was mad , but disputed that he told detectives that he was enraged . Knight , 49 , was a key player in the gangster rap scene that flourished in the 1990s , and his label once listed Dr. Dre , Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg among its artists . He lost control of the company after it was forced into bankruptcy . He has prior felony convictions for armed robbery and assault with a gun . He pleaded no contest in 1995 and was sentenced to five years ' probation for assaulting two rap entertainers at a Hollywood recording studio in 1992 . He was sentenced in February 1997 to prison for violating terms of that probation by taking part in a fight at a Las Vegas hotel hours before Shakur was fatally wounded in a drive-by attack as he rode in Knight 's car just east of the Las Vegas Strip . Shakur 's slaying remains unsolved . Knight 's court hearings already have become dramatic affairs -- he fired one set of attorneys during a hearing and medical conditions sent him to the hospital four times from courthouse appearances . He complained last week when deputies brought him into court handcuffed to a wheelchair and has detailed health woes , including weight loss and blindness in one eye , when he 's been allowed to speak in court . Upset : Carter 's family gasped as they saw prosecutors handling a picture of his dead body in court . The appearance of fragility comes in sharp contrast to Knight 's violent reputation and his once-feared status in the music industry . He faces up to life in prison if convicted of killing Carter . Knight is being held on $ 25 million bail , an amount his defense claims is excessive . According to the New York Daily News , Carter 's two daughters gasped and walked out of court after seeing prosecutors holding a picture of their father 's dead body . Crystal Carter reportedly said outside court : ` I loved my dad , I miss him . '