Parma pulled off the biggest surprise of the season as the crisis-hit club beat runaway leaders Juventus 1-0 in Serie A , inflicting what was only the second defeat of the campaign for Massimiliano Allegri 's side . Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark , while a string of fine saves from Parma goalkeeper Antonio Mirante also helped Roberto Donadoni 's side to a memorable win . Parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season , but they has now strung a series of positive results together , with a 1-0 victory over Udinese midweek and last weekend 's 1-1 draw at Inter Milan . Jose Mauri -LRB- centre -RRB- scored the only goal of the game as crisis-hit club Parma beat Juventus 1-0 on Saturday . Mauri is mobbed by his Parma team-mates after breaking the deadlock on the hour mark . However , they are still in last place , 10 points from safety , with nine matches remaining . Juventus , which hosts Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday , has a 14-point lead over Roma , which visits Torino on Sunday . Elsewhere in Italy , Genoa beat relegation-threatened Cagliari 2-0 . It was top against bottom at the Stadio Ennio Tardini , with 57 points separating the two teams . Juventus rested several players inclduing the league 's leading scorer Carlos Tevez and Andrea Barzagli ahead of the Champions League quarter final in midweek . Paul Pogba and Andrea Pirlo were still sidelined with long-term injuries along with Romulo and Kwadwo Asamoah . Kingsley Coman -LRB- right -RRB- fends off the challenge from Pedro Mendes during the clash at the Stadio Ennio Tardini . Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini vies for the ball with Parma 's Ishak Belfodil during the match . Juventus laid siege to Parma 's goal in the first half with Mirante pulling off several good stops to deny Roberto Pereyra , Arturo Vidal and Kingsley Coman . Parma did not have a shot on target in the opening 45 minutes and their best chance was Ishak Belfodil 's effort on the counter which flew inches past the far top corner . However , they took a surprise lead when Belfodil raced down the right and crossed for Mauri to sidefoot into the roof of the net from just inside the area . Juventus failed to create a decent scoring opportunity after going behind . Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal -LRB- left -RRB- tries to get his side back into the match against Parma . Juve manager Massimiliano Allegri barks out some instructions to his players as they try to grab an equaliser . In Genoa , Cagliari should have taken an early lead but goalkeeper Eugenio Lamanna turned Luca Rossettini 's header from a corner onto the upright and Luca Ceppitelli also hit the rebound onto the post from close range . The Sardinian side hit the woodwork for a third time in the 21st minute when Paul-Jose m ` poku 's effort crashed off the crossbar . m ` baye Niang broke the deadlock seven minutes after the break when he turned in Facundo Roncaglia 's low cross from close range and Iago Falque doubled Genoa 's advantage minutes later after good work from Diego Perotti . Mauri celebrates Parma 's win at full-time with the rest of his team-mates at the Stadio Ennio Tardini . Parma players celebrate with their jubilant fans after inflicting Juventus ' second league defeat of the season . In the evening game , Inter Milan beat Verona 3-0 to end a seven-match winless run in all competitions . Roberto Mancini 's side are now joint eighth in Serie A alongside AC Milan and Genoa with 41 points . Mauro Icardi gave Inter an 11th minute lead , tapping in Rodrigo Palacio 's low cross for his 16th Serie A goal of the season as the home defence appeared to be distracted by an apparent injury to Panagiotis Tachtsidis , who quickly recovered . Palacio extended Inter 's lead after halftime before their goalkeeper Samir Handanovic continued his remarkable run of penalty saves by denying Luca Toni from the spot . The Slovenian has saved seven of the last eight penalties against him . An unlucky own goal by Vangelis Moras in stoppage time completed Inter 's win .