A jealous husband who fatally stabbed his ex-wife in the heart after discovering she had been using dating websites has been found guilty of murder . Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death at the hands of Barry McCarthy , the man she had spent 25 years with before their separation four months earlier . Mrs McCarthy , 50 , sent a series of messages to friends and family on September 27 , including one to her daughter saying she did n't know ` what he is capable of these days ' . She urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day - but it was never received . Lorna McCarthy -LRB- left -RRB- was stabbed through the heart by her husband Barry McCarthy -LRB- right -RRB- last September . The couple , who were still sharing a home in Gorleston-on-Sea , Norfolk , but sleeping in separate bedrooms , had had an argument . McCarthy , 51 , had previously found out his wife was using dating websites . But she had agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her , Norfolk Police said . But in the early hours of September 28 , Mrs McCarthy revealed she did not want to try to save the relationship , Norwich Crown Court heard . A little later , he entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times , according to the Eastern Daily Press . A post-mortem examination later revealed she had died from a stab wound to the heart . McCarthy then handed himself into police , telling them he had killed his wife , the court heard . When officers went to their home , they found Mrs McCarthy - who her daughter described to the BBC as a ` very colourful ' and ` well-known ' - in the back bedroom . McCarthy will be sentenced on May 1 , after being found guilty of murder at Norwich Crown Court . McCarthy pleaded not guilty to murder on the grounds of diminished responsibility . But a jury today found him guilty of murder following a eight-day trial . Detective Chief Inspector Paul Durham said : ` This was a horrific and brutal attack on a woman in her own home by a man she had spent 25 years of her life with . ` My thoughts go out to Lorna 's family and friends , and I hope today 's verdict will help bring them some comfort as they still try to come to terms with her tragic death . ' McCarthy is due to be sentenced on May 1 .