Three women who were filmed twerking in front a Second World War memorial in Russia have been jailed for hooliganism . In a YouTube video , six dancers are seen performing the provocative and popular move along to music while stood in front of the Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk , southern Russia . Prosecutors said their ` erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war and jailed two of the women for ten days and a third for 15 days . Scroll down for video . ` Hooliganism ' : Three women have been jailed after releasing a video of their dance group twerking in front of the Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk , southern Russia . Two others escaped with fines , while another dancer avoided punishment altogether as she was under 16 - with a reprimand being handed down to her mother instead . According to the BBC , prosecutors said : ` This incident of disrespect for the memory of war history is unacceptable and any attempts to desecrate sites of military glory will be stopped immediately . ' The Youtube video currently has more than 400,000 views and sees the six dancers performing a well-choreographed one and a half minute routine . After surfacing earlier this week , it was brought to the attention of the mayor of Novorossiysk , where the women are from . The mayor was said to be ` outraged ' and personally charged officials with identifying the names of the performers - who posted the video to attract new recruits to their modern dance school . ` We condemn these women . Every inch of this land is covered in blood . It is inappropriate , ' said Viktoriya Dikaya , the press secretary for the city 's education department . Recruitment video : The one minute 30 second clip was posted by the women to encourage people to join their dance school . Punished : Two of the girls were jailed for ten days , while a third was sentenced to 15 days in prison . Two others were fined , while the sixth dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16 . Prosecutors are now said to be carrying out checks at the institutions where the women , who were all under 30 , are enrolled , to make sure they are in compliance with ` programs aimed at ensuring respect for the law among their members ' , reports RT.com . The Malaya Zemlya memorial , completed in 1982 , commemorates a battle to free Novorossiysk from German occupation in 1943 . The women 's sentences come as Russia prepares to mark the 70th anniversary of the Second World War victory . The incident comes just weeks after Russian officials closed down a dance school after footage emerged of teenage students performing hip-thrusting moves on stage . The video clip , entitled Winnie the Pooh and the Bees , showed a group of teenage girls dancing in striped leotards , long socks and mini-skirts at the Orenburg dance school in southwest of the country . Condemned : Prosecutors said the women 's ` erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the Second World War . Increased sensitivity : The women 's sentences come as Russia prepares to mark the 70th anniversary of the Second World War victory . A committee is currently investigating whether the hip-thrusting performance amounts to negligence or even ` debauched action ' - punishable by a range of sanctions from community service to three years behind bars . In 2012 , members of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot were jailed after performing a protest song in Moscow 's main cathedral - also on charges of hooliganism . Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina were not released until the end of 2013 after their act was seen as ` hooliganism motivated by religious hatred ' . Historical site : The dancers performed at the Malaya Zemlya memorial , completed in 1982 to commemorate a battle to free Novorossiysk from German occupation in 1943 . Recent controversy : Just weeks ago , Russian officials closed down a dance school in Orenburg after students posted this twerking video to YouTube .