They 're national sweethearts and two of television 's golden girls . And now , presenters Holly Willoughby and Davina McCall have joined forces in their first campaign together . The presenters star in the campaign , which celebrates finding their perfect hair shade with Garnier Nutrisse - and , of course , they show off their glossy locks in the shoot . Holly , 34 , and 47-year-old Davina can be seen cuddling up to each other and larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache . Holly Willoughby and Davina McCall have joined forces in their first campaign together for Garnier Nutrisse . Speaking about the new campaign , This Morning presenter Holly said : ` I absolutely loved shooting with Davina , she is such an iconic brunette . ` Davina and I have found our perfect colour matches . Now we 're joining forces together to help UK women find their prefect shade too . My chosen shade is 10.01 it is the perfect multi - tonal blonde that is just me . ' Davina added : ` I 've worked with Garnier Nutrisse for over 10 years and it was brilliant to star alongside the beautiful blonde Holly in this campaign . My perfect match is Garnier Nutrisse 4.3 . I 'm 60 per cent grey and have to dye my hair every three to four weeks otherwise my roots grey . ' It 's been a busy month for Holly , who wakes up the nation on This Morning , has added another string to her bow by designing a range of vintage-inspired clothes for babies . Holly , 34 , and 47-year-old Davina can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache . Speaking to FEMAIL about her latest project with BHS , Holly said : ` It 's something I have been passionate about for quite some time ; this project has been about 18 months in the making . ` I have a style that I have tried to bring into this range , which I hope feels fresh and blends the modern with vintage . ' The range has a strong vintage feel running throughout and each piece has an element that is reminiscent of a bygone era , from delicate frills to smart pinstripes . Holly , who is mother to Harry , Belle and Chester , certainly has experience when it comes to dressing little ones - and said she designed her new range with her own offspring in mind . ` I love the vintage florals , the soft tones and the fresh cotton dresses , ' she said . Speaking about the new campaign , This Morning presenter Holly , left , said : ` I absolutely loved shooting with Davina , she is such an iconic brunette ' If that was n't keeping her busy enough , the presenter managed to find time to extend her home range with Sir Philip Green 's high street store , too . Davina , meanwhile , reaffirmed her commitment to Matthew Robertson , her handsome spouse of 15 years , as the couple renewed their wedding vows in the desert gambling haven on Las Vegas last weekend . After the ceremony at the Little White Wedding Chapel , the mother-of-three took to Instagram to share a shot of herself dressed in a white sleeveless top and shorts as she posed beside her man . Davina also revealed that the couple 's three children - Holly Willow , 13 ; Tilly Pippy , 11 , and eight-year-old Chester Micky - had a big hand in the ceremony . In another Instagram post , she revealed : ` The kids wrote our vows ... It was Funny and more moving than I thought it would be . ' The family have since embarked on a road trip around California , visiting the picturesque coastal town town of Carmel , where Clint Eastwood served as mayor for two years from 1986 . Davina reaffirmed her commitment to Matthew Robertson , her handsome spouse of 15 years , as the couple renewed their wedding vows in the desert gambling haven on Las Vegas last weekend .