While having six toes on the same foot would have once guaranteed you a place in a travelling circus , it seems polydactylism does have its bonuses in the sporting arena . Unbeaten boxer Danny Garcia , who defeated Amir Khan in four rounds in 2012 , revealed he will carry an unusual advantage when he steps into the ring to face Lamont Peterson on Saturday . When asked by entertainment channel TMZ to reveal something embarrassing about himself , the US boxer explained he has an extra toe on his right foot before promptly removing his sock to show off his secret weapon . Danny Garcia -LRB- 2nd left -RRB- is set to fight Lamont Peterson -LRB- 2nd right -RRB- in a non-title fight on Saturday . Garcia -LRB- 2nd right -RRB- poses with -LRB- L-R -RRB- Andy Lee , Peterson and Peter Quillin ahead of their New York showdown . Garcia and Lamont were all smiles as they faced each other in the kitchens ahead of their fight . ` That 's why I 'm never off balance and I 've never been down , ' he commented . The Puerto Rican-born fighter , who has a 29-0 -LRB- 17 KOs -RRB- record and currently holds the Ring Magazine , WBC and WBA -LRB- Super -RRB- Light Welterweight titles , insists his New York showdown with Peterson is important despite it being a non-title catchweight bout . Speaking to Sporting Life , the 27-year-old said : ` It 's a big fight and it 's the fight that the fans wanted . We 're going to give the fans a great night of boxing , ' he said . The Puerto Rican-born fighter has revealed his special weapon , which has seen him never knocked down . The light welterweight champion stripped off his sock to show his six toes in an interview with TMZ . Garcia knocked out Rod Salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29-0 with 17 KOs . Garcia walks away after putting Salka on the canvas and insists he will ` kick butt ' against Peterson . ` I 'm ready for whatever Peterson brings . If he tries to box then I 'm going to go with that and if he wants to fight , I 'll be ready . I 'm not going to go in and just try to knock his head off , I 'm going to be Danny Garcia . ` We have common opponents like -LSB- Amir -RSB- Khan and -LSB- Lucas Martin -RSB- Matthysse and we 've had different results . They say styles make fights so those results do n't matter . Well , my style is to kick his butt . ` I 'd love to be fighting on the biggest stage in boxing against the Mayweather and Pacquiaos , but for now it 's just about taking it one fight at a time , this is history in the making . ' Garcia knocked out Amir Khan inside four rounds to unify the light welterweight division in 2012 .