Just days before she is due to wear a big white dress , Kim Sears has been making black her colour of choice . The bride-to-be was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray yesterday as he battled Novak Djokovic in the men 's final at the Miami Open , in an outfit almost identical to two others she wore during the tournament . The 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on April 11 . Scroll down for video . Kim Sears wore a somber expression as she saw her husband-to-be Andy Murray lose to Novak Djokovic in yesterday 's Men 's Final at the Miami Open Crandon Park Tennis Center in Key Biscayne , Florida . High-street loving Kim opted for one of her go-to brands , Whistles for the V-neck , short-sleeved dress , which comes in at £ 110 . Kim accompanied her sophisticated dress with a sombre expression as she witnessed Djokovic beat Andy again , taking home his fifth Miami Open title in Key Biscayne , making her black outfit a fitting choice . However this was not the first time Kim had opted for the dark colour while topping up her wedding tan . On April 3 Kim watched Murray , 27 , beat Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic in their semi-final match in a high necked black mini dress accompanied with her trusty Ray-ban glasses and straw hat . And on 31 March Kim showcased her golden glow and a glowing smile in an ASOS off-the-shoulder dress as she witnessed Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson in their fourth round match . Despite yesterday 's defeat Andy and Kim are sure to have their smiles back soon as the will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11 and not , as anticipated , in the tiny chapel at his Cromlix House Hotel , near the Perthshire town where he grew up . The 27-year-old opted for a black mini dress for the third time during the Men 's Final of the Miami Open . Kim chose a zip front dress costing £ 110 from one of her high street favourites Whistles on April 5 . For the 27-year-old 's many fans and friends in the town , it means at least part of the wedding of the year will be a spectator sport , played out on the streets of the community . It is understood local residents and businesses urged the former Wimbledon champion to hold the April 11 service at the cathedral rather than at Cromlix House in nearby Kinbuck -- so they too could toast his big day . The 300-seat , 12th century cathedral is much bigger than the chapel at Cromlix , which seats only 28 . Thousands are expected to line Dunblane High Street on the day . Murray 's uncle Niall Erskine said : ` I 'm sure it will be a popular decision , as he 's had so much support from the people of Dunblane in the past . Hopefully Kim will cheer up soon as she is due to marry Andy Murray next week on April 11 . Andy Murray was defeated by long-term rival Novak Djokovic who took home his fifth Miami Open title . ` Andy is looking forward to bringing all his family and friends to Dunblane . I 'm sure lots of people will come down to see the cars as they go past and it will be a very popular day . ' The cathedral 's minister , the Rev Colin Renwick , said : ` I ca n't confirm anything as we have a strict rule that we can not discuss anyone 's wedding . ` Wherever the wedding will be , there is excitement because there is a great deal of affection for Andy in Dunblane and a great deal of pride in him . I think people are genuinely very pleased for him . ' The couple announced their engagement in November after nine years together . Murray has said he may have three best men ; his brother Jamie and friends Ross Hutchins and Carlos Mier . It is believed Miss Sears will have four bridesmaids . Kim opted for a very similar outfit on day nine of the Miami open pairing her favourite straw hat and sunglasses with an ASOS off-the-shoulder mini dress . And on April 3 Kim was seen in her favourite ensemble once more as she watched her husband-to-be defeat Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic in the semi-finals .