Lorenzo Simon was today found guilty of murder after killing his tenant then hacking his body into pieces . A landlord who chopped his friend up and stuffed the body parts into suitcases which he dumped in a canal was today found guilty of murder . Lorenzo Simon , 34 , forced victim Michael Spalding , 39 , to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer . He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put Mr Spalding 's body parts and tools into two suitcases . Simon , with the help of his girlfriend Michelle Bird , 35 , then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using broken concrete slabs . Today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at Birmingham Crown Court . Bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender following the four-week trial . The court heard Simon murdered Mr Spalding , known as Spud , by stabbing him in the neck at the flat they shared in Smethwick , Birmingham , on April 26 last year . He then hacked the body up and stuffed the head , limbs and tools into a suitcase . Police found his remains when a narrow boat owner spotted one suitcase , containing Mr Spalding 's torso , floating in the Birmingham Canal on May 5 . It was examined by a Canal Trust contractor on May 12 , who opened the case to discover the gruesome evidence . Police divers recovered the second case which contained Mr Spalding 's head , limbs and tools - below Pope Bridge , Smethwick , on May 16 . Further searches of the canal bed uncovered a hacksaw which was used to saw off Mr Spalding 's head . Using futuristic 3D scanning technology experts were able to show a perfect jigsaw fit between the charred bone and a severed limb found in the suitcase . The same technique - which provides image resolution 43,000 times more detailed that a hospital CT scan - proved a link between the hacksaw and lacerations found on other bones . Mr Spalding 's body parts were found inside this suitcase , which was dumped in the Birmingham Canal . A second suitcase -LRB- pictured -RRB- containing Mr Spalding 's grisly remains was discovered 11 days later . Drag marks were also found on the towpath near Pope 's Bridge where Simon and Bird dumped the suitcases into the canal . Unemployed Simon , who has convictions for robbery , burglary , theft and supplying drugs , moved to Derby in a bid to evade police but was arrested with Bird on May 19 . He denied knowledge of Mr Spalding 's death , claiming he threw him out following a row over a car crash , but later admitted assaulting him during a fight . Neighbours reported seeing a bonfire in the garden and when officers raided the home they discovered part of a humerus bone inside the drum . Detectives later heard accounts from neighbours who told of ` aggressive , nasty ' arguments coming from the flat . One recalled Simon saying : ` I want this place finished , I 've got to live here , you are taking the p ** s ' . 3D scanning technology was able to prove a link between this hacksaw and lacerations found on Mr Spalding 's bones . Mr Spalding was heard to reply : ` I 'm tired , I 'm hungry , I want to go home . I 've been at it all day ' . Adjourning the case until next Wednesday for sentencing , Justice Kathryn Thirlwall said : ` Lorenzo Simon you have been convicted of murder . As you know the sentence for murder is life imprisonment . ` The question is the minimum amount of time you should serve before the consideration of parole . ' Speaking after the verdict , Detective Inspector Harry Harrison , of West Midlands Police , said : ` Michael was exploited in life by Lorenzo Simon and Michelle Bird and they afforded him no dignity in death . When police raided the home , parts of a humerus bone were discovered inside this charred drum . ` On the contrary , they treated him in the most despicable manner in order to conceal their crime . ` Simon accepted Michael as a tenant on the agreement he used his considerable handyman skills to do up the flat . ` But he treated him like a slave , working him past midnight and then waking him early in the morning to continue working . ` They were only allowed out with his say-so and given just one meal a day , usually pizza and chips . ` Michael finally broke and complained at their treatment . We believe that , combined with a car accident where Simon accused him of being responsible for damaging his VW Passat , led to the fatal attack . ` Simon said he hit Michael in the back and that he fell to the floor dead within seconds and claimed to have disposed of the body in panic . ` Bird said she was on an errand to buy alcohol at the time of the killing but later admitted helping her boyfriend in the aftermath . ` However , we were able to provide compelling evidence to the jury that this was a vicious murder and that Simon went to considerable lengths to try and cover his tracks . '