He 's a TV star with a love for adventure , so it 's no wonder Ben Fogle looks for somewhere a little bit extraordinary for his holiday . My husband and I see the TV star lazing with his little boy by one of the five swimming pools in the Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal , soaking up the sun . The high-end resort , which opened in 2010 , is renowned as being one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday . The beautiful Martinhal is a hit with families - and TV stars such as Ben Fogle . But despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , the water is cold . Martinhal , which boasts a fine-dining restaurant , is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach , and is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park . So we 've come to check it out -- after all , why should the kids have all the fun ? From the balcony in our chic Beach Room , we are afforded an incredible view over the glistening waters of the North Atlantic Ocean from the most south-westerly point in the Algarve . But despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , do n't be fooled -- the sea is sharp-intake-of-breath cold . Adventurer , author , broadcaster and writer Ben Fogle is a regular at Martinhal . Couples can overlook the ocean , read the papers , feast on fresh orange juice , and enjoy a classy breakfast . The resort boasts a stunning swimming pool surrounded by decking - and close to a restaurant . The boutique room in which we stay for three nights is in the resort 's hotel . There are also 152 hours and villas in the vicinity , so with 190 accommodation options , there is plenty of choice . We 're just a short walk from the main reception building , as well as the beach . Inside , the décor is minimalist and comfortable , soft pastel hues , blend well with the wooden floor , mixing stone , cork and other locally sourced materials for this British-designed interior . For larger families , there is the villa option -- 23 award-winning , independently owned properties , with three or four large bedrooms , a parking space , a BBQ area as well as easy access to the facilities and swimming pools . For larger families , there is the villa option -- 23 award-winning , independently owned properties , with three or four large bedroom . Martinhal , which boasts a fine-dining restaurant , is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach , and is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park . Holidaymakers can also choose to stay in villas at the high-end resort . There 's also a baby concierge service providing equipment to guests -- including door protectors , potties , bottle sterilisers , cots , baths and pushchairs . It 's June and the place is busy -- I 'm told it 's almost at capacity , but the only time you can really tell how many people are staying here is at breakfast . It 's an all-you-can-eat buffet style option in the first-floor O Terraço restaurant -- which offers a la carte dining in the evening . In the morning , there 's a hum of excitement ; parents doing their best to feed their offspring who know exactly what they do and do n't want to eat . My husband and I eat on the terrace , overlooking the ocean , reading the papers , feasting on fresh orange juice , eggs cooked the way we like them , fresh fruit , cereal , pastries and croissants . After breakfast , there are seemingly endless options for children -- from face painting , treasure hunts , arts and crafts , to windsurfing , dolphin watching , swimming tennis and football . M Bar , with its quirky decoration and VW camper van hiding in the corner , is the place for a light lunch . The balcony offers a scenic view across the glistening waters of the North Atlantic Ocean . The view is breathtaking -- sea-carved cliffs jut out around a long , wide beach which is warm beneath your toes . So while all that 's going on , the golden-sanded beach looks relatively deserted . We wander down , and the view is breathtaking -- sea-carved cliffs jut out around a long , wide beach . There 's plenty of space , so even if everyone at the resort decided to spend the day at the beach , there 's room for them all . So I spend the morning soaking up the rays while Rich attempts paddleboarding for the first time . I 'm not sure whether it was the fear of falling into the chilly water or that he is a natural , but he makes it all the way out to a small island without falling off -- 15 minutes there and 15 back . For a day trip , Martinhal is located next to the historic fishing port of Sagres , one of Europe 's surfing capitals , which boasts rugged cliff faces , as well as a 15th-century port on the southern-most tip of the peninsular ; giving it an end-of-the-world quality . For lunch , there a small shop where guests can buy their own food -LRB- although it is more expensive than other local shops due to being in-resort -RRB- . Or there are three restaurants to choose from ; As Dunas Beach Restaurant & Bar , overlooking the beach , offers fresh seafood dishes and a children 's menu ; Gambozinos dishes up pizza and pasta ; and M Bar is the place for a light lunch . There are also four bars across the resort . The boutique room in which we stay for three nights is in the resort 's hotel . There are also 152 hours and villas in the vicinity , so with 190 accommodation options , there is plenty of choice . unlike other posh restaurants , guests are welcome to bring their children . Couples seated near to us have babies by their sides , and our meal is n't disturbed in the slightest . and after treatments , there 's a garden relaxation area in which to chill out even further . My husband whiles away the afternoon with a swim followed by a game of tennis -- there are two courts and Martinhal is home to the Algarve 's Padel Tennis Championships - while I book in for some serious pampering in the spa . Finisterra Spa lies apart from the rest of the resort and is an oasis of calm . There are six treatment rooms as well as a wet area with a sauna and steam bath -- and after treatments , there 's a garden relaxation area in which to chill out even further . I can see this would be the perfect place for frazzled mums to recharge while their little ones are being looked after . I book for a 50-minute massage and leave feeling as though all my worries have been massaged away . We are booked into the fine dining O Terraço for our evening meal . With white tablecloths , a delicious-sounding menu and an extensive wine list , it really is the ultimate luxury . However , unlike other posh restaurants , guests are welcome to bring their children . Couples seated near to us have babies by their sides , and our meal is n't disturbed in the slightest . Our villa overlooks the stunning ocean - which is deceptively cold ! For larger families , there is the villa option -- 23 award-winning , independently owned properties , with three or four large bedrooms . With top quality regional restaurants from both the ` surf ' and the ` turf ' , the restaurant offers a ` culinary journey through Portuguese gastronomy ' presented with a modern twist . Dishes include braised scallops , beetroot puree , smoked ham and watercress as well as beef carpaccio , feta cheese , rocket and basil sauce for starters . Then there is octopus , sea bass , mussels , duck breast , sirloin and lamb for mains , with tofu curry or vegetable Wellington for vegetarians . There 's an impressive cheeseboard to finish , as well as a selection of dessert wines . It 's a very grown-up finish to a luxury holiday in a resort which caters for families but is uncompromising in delivering high standards for all its guests . And if it 's good enough for Ben Fogle ; it 's good enough for us . Price Summer Special Package -LRB- valid for bookings from 23rd May -- 26th June -RRB- . - 4 nights half board -LRB- daily breakfast and one meal -RRB- in Hotel Room from 138 Euros per adult per night . - 7 nights half board -LRB- daily breakfast and one meal -RRB- in Hotel Room from 132 Euros per adult per night . easyJet flies to Faro from eight UK airports with fares from £ 24.99 * . Flights can be booked now at easyJet.com . The 8 UK airports if you want to include are : Belfast Intl , Bristol , Glasgow , Liverpool , London -LRB- Gatwick , Luton , Southend -RRB- and Newcastle . * one-way , including taxes , based on two travelling . For car hire , prices start from £ 45 per week -LRB- May 15 -RRB- for a mini/economy class car with Rhino .