This is n't your 1950s bubble gum and poodle skirts rock 'n roll . The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , Tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair . ` It 's good clean fun , with a hint of naughty , ' said Tara O'Hara of Chicago . Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino . Scroll down for video . Dressed to impress : In this April 5 photo women wait in line before taking part in a bathing suit contest at the Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend in Las Vegas - many of the attendees of the weekend wear vintage clothes . Elvis fan : Wind blows the hair of Carl Schreiber during a pool party - he jetted in from Chicago for the event . Sitting pretty : A woman who goes by Martha War sits by the pool - the Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to vintage pinups , Tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair . Smoking hot : The Viva Las Vegas Car Show is pegged as ` the best car show of its type anywhere ' ` It 's the culture , the lifestyle , the attire , the cars , the music and the old mannerisms , ' says Tino Pacheco of Rialto , California when asked what attracts him to rockabilly . At the center is rock 'n roll . Publicist Alisha Alexander says the retro weekend has grown so large , organizers have added a second music-only event - the Rockabilly Rockout - in October at the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino that harkens back to the event 's roots . ` It 's gotten a lot bigger . You have people from all over . Germany , Austria , Mexico , Italy , ' said Pacheco who attended the weekend for about 15 years . ` A lot of us come here to keep the culture alive , to keep it going . And that 's what makes it unique . ' Ready for our close-ups : Marilia Skraba , center , of Brazil , applies make-up while waiting to compete in the Miss Viva Las Vegas contest . On the look-out : Chelsea Spirito , left , reacts as she watches a men 's bathing suit contest at the Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend . Making their moves : People crowd the dance floor at a jive dance class during the retro-themed festivities . Crowd-pleaser : The One and Only Inga performs during a burlesque show - people started lining up over an hour before to make sure they had seats to the performance . Booted and ready : Susanna Raphael Wellbourne of the burlesque duo Kitten and Lou rests backstage during a burlesque show . Candid : A woman dances at the Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend - The swing , jive and two-step dominated the dance floors at the event . Making new friends : Zack Simpson , right , and Dollie Simpson dance during a jive class - Dance classes were held for Bopping , Jiving , Strolling and the Texas Two-Step . Non-stop entertainment : Angie Almilla kisses Eric Martinez while waiting in line for a pool party . Traveling from far and wide : Rebecca Skehan , left , and Mark Skehan drink beer while listening to live music - the music was a big draw for the couple , who came from Australia to attend the event . Family act : A festival attendee poses in front of a retro car with her baby daughter wearing matching attire - bar the killer heels . Maximum capacity : Publicist Alisha Alexander says the retro weekend has grown so large , organizers have added a second music-only event . Summery look : Temperatures in Las Vegas over the weekend were around 70 degrees Fahrenheit .