Premier League clubs are now so wealthy through their TV deals that they can afford to turn down a title sponsorship worth £ 45million a year . Guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of £ 135m over three years , a £ 5m-a-year increase on the payments from Barclays , whose 15-year partnership with the Premier League will finish at the end of next season . But the clubs awash with over £ 5billion from domestic TV rights alone rejected the bid from Guinness 's parent company Diageo , in part because some teams have conflicting beer deals . THe Premier League has turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as the title sponsor . Instead the PL want as much as £ 60m a year from a mega title backer but will also examine a multi-partnership sponsorship model . Such are the TV riches that the smaller clubs in the PL are the ones more anxious about the sponsorship money -- the £ 3m-a-year split does n't make much difference to the top of the table . The FA , meanwhile , have failed to find an ` in association ' FA Cup partner this season prepared to pay £ 9m a year , although it 's understood Wembley finally have someone at the table after well over a year 's search . The league 's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £ 60m-a-season from 2016 . Sky Sports ' petty refusal to let pundit Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his Sandown farewell on Saturday -- because it 's on Channel 4 -- does n't mean that an Arsenal legend will not doing the honours . Another iconic Gunners name has been lined up for the role although Sandown officials want to keep his identity a secret from Arsenal fan McCoy until the ceremony . It 's known that Tony Adams is unavailable while the ` legendary ' tag surely rules out Ray Parlour , the Romford Pele . Ian Wright , record goalscorer before Henry , would be a good choice . Thierry Henry 's -LRB- centre -RRB- contract with Sky Sports have presented him presenting a trophy to Tony McCoy . Surrey boss Richard Thompson 's elevation to chairman of the England cricket commercial committee will aid the sport 's chronic need for more terrestrial TV coverage . Thompson will push for a free-to-air highlights deal for the domestic T20 Blast this summer which would be vital to grow a tournament that is in the shadow of the IPL and the Australian Big Bash . Gary Neville is not known as a bon viveur . But the Sky pundit was keen enough to meet up with the class of 92 for a birthday party in honour of Nicky Butt 's wife Shelly at a London casino that he left Stamford Bridge last Sunday on the back of a dispatch rider 's motorbike . Gary Neville was desperate to get away from Stamford Bridge to get to Nicky Butt 's wife 's birthday party . Second chance saloon . The Football League awards -- the best football dinner in the calendar by a distance -- showed this year there is a way back for some football offenders . Shortlisted for the player in the community honour was Leyton Orient 's Elliot Omozusi , who served 16 months in prison for intimidating a witness in a murder trial . And one of the contenders for goal of the season was Shrewsbury 's Andy Mangan , who was banned for five months for betting on his own team when he played for Bury . Leeds ' banned owner Massimo Cellino has few fans -- understandably , considering the constant turmoil at Elland Road . Yet it was the Italian who insisted midfielder Lewis Cook , voted Championship apprentice of the year , was given a first-team chance . Massimo Cellino may not be popular but his decision to force Lewis Cook into the first team paid off . Meanwhile , Leeds put out a statement after the sick-note six ruled themselves out of the match at Charlton , saying that the club ` stand by internal medical recommendations ' . Yet when the Leeds medical staff advised Cellino about the chronic knee condition of AC Milan player Zan Benedicic , he was still signed on loan and played 13 minutes of league football before needing more surgery . Jevans will stay silent . Debbie Jevans , who walked out of her job as CEO of England Rugby 2015 before she was pushed , cut a relaxed figure at the Football League awards dinner . Jevans left her post six months ahead of the World Cup following a breakdown in relationship with the interfering RFU . The chances of Jevans , an independent director of the FL , ever going public with the personal reasons for her exit are remote .