A former model had to be restrained by police after being caught driving - having downed a bottle of wine before she got behind the wheel . Monica McDermott , 41 , could not walk straight when police stopped her black Lexus on a road in Macclesfield , Cheshire . The mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on Churchill Way and had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car , a court heard . Monica McDermott , centre , during her modelling days . The 41-year-old had to be restrained by police after she was arrested for drink-driving . When officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit . McDermott , now aged 41 , pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates ' court . She told the court she had drank a bottle of wine while her son was away on a trip , adding : ` I was lonely ... I got myself in a state ' When police finally managed to breathalyse her , she was three times the limit . McDermott , who works for a marketing company , pleaded guilty to drink driving when she appeared at Macclesfield Magistrates ' court . It came after she avoided prison in 2012 when she crashed her car in nearby Alderley Edge while four times the legal limit . She was banned from driving for two years . Monica McDermott -LRB- pictured -RRB- could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus on a road in Macclesfield , Cheshire . Prosecuting , Debbie Byrne said a police officer had to use an incapacitating spray when McDermott tried to get out of the police car . She told the court : ` Police received information about a black Lexus driving all over the road and nearly hitting cars . ` The officer turned on the emergency lights but the car made no attempt to stop . He drove diagonally to block her way . ` She crept the car forward like she was trying to drive off . He reached inside to turn the engine off . When she got out she struggled to walk in a straight line . ` She refused to give a breath sample and tried to get out of the police car . The officer used captor spray and called officers to restrain her . ' McDermott , of Macclesfield , told magistrates she had been drinking more because she felt isolated after moving home . She said : ` My son was away on a trip and I was lonely . I had been drinking in the afternoon and got myself in a state . My friend said to go around and stay the night . ` I 'd had a bottle of wine but thought I 'd left enough time and would be ok . I could n't believe I got in this mess again . ` I could have harmed someone . I 'm embarrassed and ashamed . ' Probation officer Mike Isherwood said McDermott has had a series of traumatic life experiences . Macclesfield Magistrates ' Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- banned McDermott for driving for four years , but she escaped jail . Adrian Long , chairman of the bench , said : ` We 've listened to what you and Mr Isherwood said but it was a very high reading and you have a previous conviction . ' She was given an 18-month community order , alcohol rehabilitation programme , 120 hours unpaid work and was banned from driving for four years . Probation officer Mike Isherwood said : ` Her experiences in life have been chaotic . I do n't think she 'd cope well in prison . I 've not seen anyone with such low mood . '