Prince Harry will go on tough bush patrols and take part in ` indigenous engagement ' programmes during his four-week secondment with Australian Defence Force , Kensington Palace has revealed . The prince is due to arrive in Australia on the 6th April and will split his time between capital Canberra , Sydney , Darwin and Perth . On arrival , Harry will be taken straight to the Australian War Memorial on arrival before heading to barracks to report for duty . On his way : Harry will deploy to Australia next week and will begin with a visit to the Australian War Memorial . Last trip : Harry last headed Down Under in 2013 when he took part in Navy celebrations . First though , he will pay his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier , where he will be joined by Governor General Sir Peter Cosgrove . Afterwards , the 30-year-old will tour the World War I and Afghanistan galleries before meeting members of the public . Harry will then report to Australia 's defence chief , Air Chief Marshal Mark Binskin , and army boss Lieutenant General David Morrison for duty . ` Prince Harry is tremendously looking forward to starting his four week attachment with the ADF , ' said a source . ` It has been an opportunity he has been keen to explore for a couple of years now and is delighted to be able to do it before completing his military service with the British Armed Forces later this year . ' News of Harry 's deployment Down Under emerged two weeks ago , when Kensington Palace announced that the prince would be ending his army career after a decade of service . This month 's secondment to Australia will be one of the final acts of his military life , which will come to an end this summer . Afterwards , the prince will travel to Africa to work on charitable projects before returning to the UK to take part in the Walk of Britain with injured veterans to support Walking With the Wounded . During his Australian military career , Captain Wales , as he is known in the Army , will take part in urban training exercises , regional bush patrols and joint fire exercises , and will also spend time meeting the local Aboriginal population . He will also briefly travel back in order to visit Turkey with the Prince of Wales later this month in order to take part in a memorial service for the men who fought and died at Gallipoli . The World War I battle , which pitted British forces against the Ottoman Empire , claimed the lives of 34,000 British soldiers , 8,700 Australians and 2,721 New Zealanders . Making friends : On that occasion , Harry met some of the locals and even pulled faces for a little boy . Warm welcome : Prince Harry was met by crowds of well-wishers during his last visit in October 2013 . Harry has visited Australia twice before , most recently in 2013 when he took part in the International Fleet Review in Sydney . Harry has served with the Australian Armed Forces in the past , most notably during his two tours of Afghanistan . ` He has met -LSB- Australian troops -RSB- during the Invictus Games and even trekked to the South Pole with a couple of Australian soldiers , ' added the spokesman . ` Those experiences reinforced the huge admiration and respect he already had for Australian servicemen and women and has stoked his enthusiasm even more to build on those relationships in the next four weeks . Entertainer : Harry also met Prime Minister Tony Abbott , his wife and two daughters Bridget and Frances . ` He knows he will learn a huge amount from his Australian colleagues during this attachment and he is grateful to the ADF for producing such a varied and interesting programme for him . ` He is also looking forward to learning how wounded , injured and ill servicemen and women are supported here in Australia and hopes to pass on some of his experience from his current role in the UK . ` Prince Harry has been to Australia twice before , so he knows he is in for a great experience . He particularly appreciates the opportunity to pay his respects to the fallen by traveling straight to the Australian War Memorial in Canberra upon arrival into the country on Monday , and fully appreciates the significance of commemoration in this centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign . '