Robin Williams spent his last days in a paranoid frenzy , aware that ` something else was wrong with him ' , a British television show will claim tonight . In a ` peculiar ' incident just one day before his death , the Oscar-winning actor , who had been diagnosed with Parkinson 's , stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping . The 63-year-old , who had also been prone to episodes of insomnia and anxiety prior to his death , also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online , convinced he had another illness . Scroll down for video . Suicide : Robin Williams with wife Susan Schneider in 2009 , and the actor months before his death in 2014 . Feud : Mrs Schneider Williams , Williams ' third wife , is in a battle with his three children from previous marriages -- Zak , Zelda and Cody -- over his £ 33million estate . Above , Mrs Schneider Williams with Williams and Zelda . The post-mortem examination later revealed that Williams had been suffering from Lewy body dementia - an undiagnosed illness would could have been the root cause of his bizarre behaviour . In tonight 's episode of Autopsy , which will reconstruct the final hours of the actor 's life , pathologist Dr Richard Shepherd explains how Williams ' dementia probably triggered his paranoid tendencies . He says that Williams 's insomnia and anxiety , as well as periods of confusion and impaired decision making , could also have been connected to the condition . But Dr Shepherd also tells the Channel 5 show - which has previously examined the unexpected deaths of Michael Jackson and Elvis Presley - that the actor may well have been aware of his undetected illness , something which could have exacerbated his paranoia in his final hours . He says that Williams 's online activity suggested he knew ` there was something else wrong with him ... something that he could n't put his finger on ' . Williams hanged himself in August 2014 , a death which sent shockwaves through the celebrity world and led to an outpouring of grief from his worldwide fans . Tribute : Flowers and candles at the Oscar-winning actor 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . The day before he hanged himself , Williams stuffed his watch collection into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping . Claims : Dr Richard Shepherd , a pathologist , pictured , told Britain 's Channel 5 show Autopsy that Williams ' online activity in the hours before his death suggested he knew ` there was something else wrong with him ' His death was later ruled to have been suicide . The show reveals tonight how , on the day he died , Williams cleaned his bathroom of blood after cutting his wrists . According to the post-mortem report , Williams spent his last night at his Californian home with wife Susan Schneider . LBD is a common form of dementia - it affects an estimated 1.3 million people in the United States . The disease is caused by abnormal microscopic deposits that damage brain cells over time . This leads to a decline in thinking , reasoning and independent function . The disease takes its name from Frederick H. Lewy - the neurologist who discovered the brain abnormalities during the early 1900s . It shares symptoms with Parkinson 's Disease - sufferers can experience motor control problems , such as hunched posture , rigid muscles and a shuffling walk . Those affected can suffer visual hallucinations , which generally take the form of phantom objects , people or animals there . It is also linked to Alzheimer 's disease as it is more common over the age of 65 and those affected often suffer from confusion and memory loss . Ms Schneider later described how her husband stuffed a number of his jewelled watches into a sock before driving to the house of a friend . Speaking about the incident on tonight 's show , Dr Shepherd says : ` This is a very peculiar incident that his wife describes as typical of the increasing paranoia that he had been suffering . ' Psychologist Anjula Mutanda also says the actor could have felt ` under threat ' . ` Somebody experiencing paranoid feelings may fear that they are in danger and under threat , ' she says . Whether it is physiological , physical or financial -- harm could be coming their way . ' After Williams 's body was found , a bottle of quetiapine , a powerful drug used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , was also found unopened in his bedroom . He had been prescribed it a week before his suicide , suggesting his symptoms may have changed prior to his death . In the months before his death , Williams had also checked into rehab to ` fine-tune and focus ' on his commitment to staying clean . But the documentary concludes there were no signs that drink or drugs were exacerbating his depression when he died . Blood samples taken after his death showed he had not taken cocaine or alcohol in the last 24 hours of his life . There was also no sign of damage to his liver from previous drinking binges . The show also describes how toxicology reports showed Williams ' moods were being controlled by mirtazapine , which is used to treat depressive disorders . Comedy : Williams did stand-up while acting in such films as Good Morning Vietnam and Mrs Doubtfire , pictured . Critical acclaim : The actor found fame with his portrayal of a kooky alien in the 1970s sitcom Mork and Mindy , left with Pam Dawber . He was awarded an Oscar for best supporting actor in Good Will Hunting in 1998 , right . Good Morning Vietnam : Williams ' played a DJ on Armed Forces Radio during the Vietnam War -LRB- pictured -RRB- . There was also levodopa in his system , which is used to treat Parkinson 's . The forthcoming documentary , part of the third series of the show , has already drawn criticism from Williams 's fans after it emerged that it featured a ` graphic ' reconstruction of the actor 's suicide . A Channel 5 spokesman previously said the depiction was kept to ` an absolute minimum ' but that its inclusion ` is important in telling the truth ' . They added : ` The film celebrates Robin 's career and talent , and within that the tragic details of his death are part of that story . ' French actor Alain Poudensan plays Williams in the reconstructed scenes . While Alain has worked as a Robin Williams impersonator for a number of years , he has also starred in many adult films , under the name Alain L'Yle . Williams found fame with his portrayal of a kooky alien in the 1970s sitcom Mork and Mindy . But it was his role as an irreverent DJ with the US Armed Services Radio station in Good Morning , Vietnam in 1987 which won him huge acclaim . His roles ranged from serious and dramatic in films such as Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting , to comedy in Mrs Doubtfire . He was nominated for an Oscar three times before winning an Academy Award for his performance as a psychologist in Good Will Hunting in 1997 . Mrs Schneider Williams , his third wife , is currently in a battle with his three children from previous marriages -- Zak , Zelda and Cody -- over his £ 33million estate . Zelda recently spoke out about her father 's death . When asked why she believed her father took his own life , she said : ` I do n't think there 's a point . It 's not important to ask . ' In a statement released shortly after her husband 's death , Susan Schneider said that Williams was struggling with depression , anxiety and the Parkinson 's diagnosis when he died . Toxicology reports showed there was levodopa in his system , which is used to treat Parkinson 's . The disease is a progressive disorder of the nervous system that affects movement . It develops gradually , sometimes starting with a small tremor in one hand . The disorder also commonly causes stiffness or slowing of movement . Actor Michael J. Fox , a long-time friend of Williams , is well-known for his efforts to fund research into finding a cure . He was just 29 years old when he was diagnosed with the disease . Robin Williams with actor Michael J Fox , who was just 29 years old when he was diagnosed with Parkinson 's . Stage one sees a patient experience mild symptoms that inconvenience day-to-day tasks , including the presence of tremors or experiencing shaking in one of the limbs . Friends and family can generally detect changes in the patient including poor posture , loss of balance , and abnormal facial expressions . In stage two , the patient 's symptoms start to affect both limbs and both sides of the body . They usually encounter problems walking or maintaining balance , and the inability to complete normal physical tasks becomes more apparent . During stage three , the disease becomes more severe , with some patients losing the ability to walk straight or to stand and a noticeable slowing of physical movements . Stage four is accompanied by severe symptoms of Parkinson 's . Walking may still occur , but it is often limited and rigidity and bradykinesia are often visible . During this stage , most patients are unable to complete day-to-day tasks , and usually can not live on their own . The tremors or shakiness that take over during the earlier stages however , may lessen or become non-existent for unknown reasons during this time . In stage five , the final stage , Parkinson 's disease usually takes over the patients physical movements leaving them unable to take care of themselves and generally unable to stand or walk . A patient at stage five usually requires constant one-on-one nursing care .