The family of Tracey Woodford -LRB- above -RRB- , whose body was found dismembered in a flat in Pontypridd , Wales , have described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless ' A man has been charged in connection with the murder of a woman who was found dismembered at a flat in south Wales . Christopher May , 50 , will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates ' Court tomorrow charged in connection with the murder of Tracey Woodford , 47 . Today , her family described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless ' . Ms Woodford , from the Pontypridd area , is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd on Tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with , police said . The 47-year-old 's body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' at the flat around 3 pm on Friday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . Her family today paid tribute to Ms Woodford , who was last seen by them around 12.45 pm on April 21 in Rhydyfelin . They said : ` Tracey was liked and loved by all of her family and friends . She was very kind-hearted and a selfless person who would go out of her way to help anyone . ` Tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone and she will be dearly missed by all who knew her . ` We are thankful for all the support we have received to date . ' They added that they would like everyone to respect their wishes for privacy and leave them alone to grieve . Ms Woodford was reported missing on Wednesday and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the Skinny Dog pub for around two hours that night . She is believed to have left the premises with him . A police spokesman said : ` Police officers then visited the suspect 's address and , following a search of the property , discovered a body . The suspect was arrested on suspicion of murder . ' Her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' at the property -LRB- above -RRB- around 3 pm on Friday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . An officer stands guard near a trailer covered with blue tarpaulin . Detective Superintendent Paul Hurley described the events surrounding Ms Woodford 's death as ` tragic ' She was reported missing on Wednesday and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the Skinny Dog pub -LRB- above -RRB- for around two hours the night before . After discovering the body police cordoned off an area surrounding nearby Pontypridd Rugby Club 's Sardis Road stadium and officers were seen searching the undergrowth . At least four South Wales Police vans and one helicopter took part in the operation . A spokesman for South Wales Police said officers were waiting for the results of further forensic tests to determine the cause of Ms Woodford 's death . ` Officers investigating the incident are continuing their appeal for witnesses , ' the force spokesman said . Ms Woodford is around 5ft 7 inches tall with shoulder length ginger hair . She was wearing a black cardigan at the time she was last seen . Detective Superintendent Paul Hurley described the events surrounding Ms Woodford 's death as ` tragic ' . In a press conference he said : ` The events have had a profound effect on her family and the wider community , especially given the harrowing circumstances of her death . ` There are well established communities in the South Wales Valleys . I know those communities will rally around Tracey 's family . ' Police have cordoned off an area surrounding Pontypridd Rugby Club , near to where the body was found . A 50-year-old man was arrested after police found the body at a property in Pontypridd . Above , an officer and a sniffer dog search nearby . He added that police want to speak to anybody who thinks they may have information that can help the investigation . They are particularly interested in those who noticed anything suspicious near Andrews Court , Rickards Street , or near the rugby ground . ` No matter how insignificant the information may seem , we would like people to contact us , ' he said . ` We have a team of detectives and the support of specialist resources working on this inquiry and while we understand it will alarm the community , this is an isolated incident and we do have somebody in custody . ' Police are now appealing for anyone with information to come forward . Above , an officer near the scene . Neighbours at the flat complex are shocked at the latest updates . One said : ` It is just too shocking to think about . You dread to think about that poor woman and what she went through ' Neighbours at the flat complex are shocked at the latest updates . One said : ` It is just too shocking to think about . You dread to think about that poor woman and what she went through . ' Another added : ` Tracey had her problems over the years but she was loved by her family . No-one deserves to die like this . It does n't bear thinking about . ' Reverend Michael Gable , a local vicar , also paid tribute . He said : ` It 's a tragic situation . The community will be upset and concerned by this news . We send our thoughts and prayers to those involved . ' Anyone with information should contact the incident room by calling South Wales Police on 101 , quoting reference 140670 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .