A man who murdered a mother and daughter in their own home by bludgeoning them with a hammer and repeatedly stabbing them with scissors will spend at least 32 years behind bars . Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara Alexandra Horstman in broad daylight at their Warwick home , in Perth , WA . Cameron , who was 19 and at the time , also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead . A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident , The West Australian Supreme Court heard . Maureen Anne Horstman -LRB- left -RRB- , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara Alexandra Horstman -LRB- right -RRB- were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in December 2013 . Prosecutor James MacTaggart said Cameron 's behaviour was ` sadistic ' and he went on a ` killing spree ' . ` It 's violence for violence 's sake , ' he said . Mr MacTaggart said while it may have started out as a burglary , Cameron was aroused and then ` sexually violated ' Tamara . The court heard Cameron first entered Tamara 's bedroom where he hit her over the head twice before going into Maureen 's bedroom and striking her once to the head . He then returned to Tamara 's bedroom and raped her . Lesley Jonathon Cameron has been jailed for a minimum of 32 years for the horrific crime . He described himself at the time as a ` walking time bomb ' Cameron 's lawyer Dominic Brunello said it was an unplanned and chaotic attack and Cameron panicked . Mr Brunello said his client had a troubled childhood and was ` drug-addled ' at the time but was now sorry . ` He makes no excuses for his conduct , ' Mr Brunello said . The court heard Cameron described himself at the time as a ` walking time bomb ' and that he told police he had taken ice and speed . Justice Eric Heenan noted Cameron had a criminal record that was ` virtually without interruption ' since he was 10 years old . In a victim impact statement , Tamara 's twin brother Nicholas Horstman , who discovered the bodies , said his sister was a dedicated student , loyal friend and widely loved . Maureen and Tamara are seen here in a family photo with Tamara 's twin brother Nicholas . Tamara 's father said he has suffered many sleepless nights and was ` internally wrecked ' He and his father accepted Tamara 's university graduation certificate the day after her funeral . Tamara 's father said he suffered many sleepless nights and was ` internally wrecked ' . Justice Heenan said the women were going about their lives peacefully at home and the crime showed the vulnerability of the community . ` This is one of the worst types of murders one can imagine , ' he said . ` It is the kind of offence which every member of the population dreads because it shows the insecurity and vulnerability of everybody in the community to random crime , ' he added . Justice Heenan noted there was a possibility Cameron would remain a threat if he did not address his mental health and substance abuse issues . He said just because Cameron was young did not make him any less dangerous but there was a possibility of rehabilitation . Outside court , Nicholas Horstman said he was very happy with the sentence . ` However , no sentence will ever be long enough , ' he said . ` To my family , close friends and the wider community , thank you for your support over the last 16 months . I 'm truly thankful . '