Thomas Bjorn was faced with a bit of a dilemma on the par-five second . After driving into the trees with his first shot , he played back on to the fairway to leave a 145-yard shot into the green . But his aim on his third was clearly a little off . Thomas Bjorn 's shot managed to land in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the Masters . Hooking his shot left of the target , Bjorn 's ball flew into a crowd of spectators and landed firmly in the lap of a female fan . Luckily for Bjorn , and indeed the fan , he was able to take a free drop and resume the hole . Clearly unperturbed by the incident , he managed to get up and down for par . Henley is right on song . American Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters . The 25-year-old is a keen guitarist and can be regularly heard practising on the Tour . Pouty Poulter . After carding an erratic opening round of 73 , including six birdies , three bogeys and two double bogeys , Ian Poulter was not happy with himself . He tweeted : ` P **** d off with his performance from around the greens . ' Bubba bites back . He might be the most disliked man on the Tour , at least according to one anonymous poll , but Bubba Watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt . 2014 Masters champion Bubba Watson remains in the hunt to win the Masters after a respectable 71 . Compton 's debut makes him feel just like a kid . Erik Compton was in dreamland as he shot 73 on his debut . As a child he drew a picture of himself playing at Augusta but after two heart transplants , the 35-year-old American feared he might not make it . Now the dream has come true . Erik Compton drew a picture of himself playing at Augusta during his younger years . Shot of the day . Tom Watson knows Augusta better than most , but the two-time Masters champion was in trouble at the 10th . After his second found a greenside bunker the 65-year-old hit a fine chip , which took one bounce before landing in the hole . Tom Watson hit a chip after he found a greenside bunker , which took one bounce before landing in the hole .