A single mom and her three kids who ` lost everything but their lives ' in the East Village apartment explosion last week are getting an incredible outpouring of support from their fellow New Yorkers . Diane McLean says she 's been overwhelmed by the generosity of her friends , neighbors and strangers after her four-bedroom rent-stabilized apartment at 45 East Seventh Street went up in flames . Dr McLean , a 58-year-old child psychiatrist in the South Bronx , says she and daughter Rose , 8 , and twins James and Annabelle , 5 , had nothing more than the clothes on their backs after the disaster . Diane McLean , 58 , and her three children lost ` everything but their lives ' when fire destroyed their apartment last week . Rose , 8 , -LRB- left -RRB- and twins James and Annabelle , 5 , lost everything except the clothes on their backs in the fire that destroyed their apartment building . The three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay and clothing . A GoFundMe campaign has raised nearly $ 90,000 . ` My heart goes out to the families who lost loved ones . We lost everything but our lives , ' she told PIX-TV . Two people died in the explosion , Moises Ismael Locon Yac , 26 , and 23-year-old Nicholas Figueroa . Nineteen people were injured , some of them critically , and dozens were left homeless . That 's when New Yorkers stepped up . A GoFundMe account has raised more than $ 87,000 for the family . Local businesses , like the bagel joint that Dr McLean frequents , have even chipped in . They 're currently staying with friends , though the families of several of her children 's classmates have also opened up their homes for them to stay , if needed , People magazine reports . Other families have donated clothes and other essentials to help get the family back on their feet . Hole in the ground : Three buildings on a crowded block in the East Village were utterly destroyed in the explosion and subsequent fire last week . The fire injured 19 and killed two people . Investigators believe an illegally tapped gas line may have been the cause of the blaze . Dr McLean did n't have renter 's insurance , so she wo n't be reimbursed for any of her losses from the fire . ` We might not have a home , but we are far from homeless . It 's an extremely comforting feeling , ' she told People . Perhaps the biggest loss , though , was the apartment itself . Dr McLean paid just $ 1,500 a month for the 1,100-square-foot , four bedroom apartment because it was rent stabilized . She had lived there for 37 years . Realtors say that Dr McLean was paying thousands less than market rate for the popular neighborhood . Rent stabilized apartments are hard to find below 96th Street in Manhattan these days . Four bedroom apartments with rent that low are even harder to come by .