Patterns appearing on both the very large and very small scale are rare in nature . But researchers have found such a pattern in two apparently unrelated places - cells in human skin , and the mysterious fairy circles in Namibia . While the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random , as if the landscape is marked with freckles , the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells . Researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in the Namibian desert . The illustration on the left shows the distribution of skin cells , and the one on the right plots fairy circles , which are also arranged in polygons . ` It 's a completely amazing , strange match , ' said Professor Robert Sinclair , head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University -LRB- OIST -RRB- in Japan . Desert fairy circles are considered one of nature 's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form . Found in Namibia , they are large barren patches of earth measuring anywhere between 10ft and 65ft in diameter -LRB- three metres to 20 metres -RRB- that are ringed by short grass dotting the scrub land like craters on the moon , or big freckles . Several teams of scientists are trying to explain the bizarre markings , and suggestions have included termites nibbling grass , zebras rolling in circles , competition for resources , hydrocarbons emanating from the depths of the earth to kill off patches of vegetation and even aliens . Desert fairy circles -LRB- pictured -RRB- are considered one of nature 's greatest mysteries because it is now known how they form . Found in Namibia , they are large barren patches of earth ringed by short grass dotting the desert like craters on the moon , or big freckles . Now , Professor Sinclair and Haozhe Zhang believe they have identified a small , but vital , piece of the puzzle by comparing their distribution to skin cells . The duo compared the number of ` neighbours ' adjacent to fairy circles and skin cells , according to the study published in Ecological Complexity . They used satellite images of fairy circles and a computer to draw lines halfway between each pair to give them invisible boundaries that look similar to cell walls . The majority of skin cells and fairy circles both had six ` neighbours ' , and similar percentages of other neighbours -LRB- shown in this graph -RRB- . The computer then counted how many neighbours surrounded each fairy circle . Another group of researchers had calculated skin cell neighbours in a similar way several years ago , which was used as a comparison . The experts found that the results were almost identical , in that both the majority of skin cells and fairy circles had six neighbours . And the percentage of fairy circles with four , five , six , seven , eight and nine neighbours was essentially the same as the skin cells . ` I did n't expect it to be so close , ' Professor Sinclair said . ` We spent a lot of time checking because it really looked too close to believe . ' Mr Zhang , a PhD student at Iowa State University who was previously at OISTsaid that future mathematical models designed to explain how fairy rings are made should incorporate the results of this study . The researchers suspect the patterns might be similar because both skin cells and fairy circles are fighting for space . Professor Sinclair said : ` It is still difficult to say why exactly they are similar , but the fact that they are similar is already very important . ` This is suggesting there may be such types of patterns that cover really different size scales . ' Huge swathes of grassland in Namibia is covered with mysterious vegetation-free patches that have been baffling scientists for decades . While a number of studies have suggested the fairy circles are created by industrious termites , research last May claimed they are the result of resource competition for water among plants . German researchers analysed the spatial distribution of the fairy circles and found that they are ` remarkably regular ' in their distribution , which made them question the termite theory . Experts from various institutions have previously claimed that termites nibble away at grassroots in certain grasslands of southwest Africa , causing the dieback of vegetation and creating a water trap . Last year , German researchers analysed the spatial distribution of the fairy circles -LRB- pictured in the Marienfluss Valley -RRB- and found that they are ` remarkably regular ' in their distribution . There is a no vegetation growth within the circular area . The genesis of a fairy circle has not been observed . Their occurrence appears to be restricted to particularly arid zones at the border of grassland and desert regions , according to the study published in the journal Ecography , where there is intense resource-competition for water . Dr Getzin 's team was joined by experts from Göttingen in Germany , Italy and Israel who studied aerial images of the circles in north west Namibia to pinpoint the location and distribution of the barren patches within the surrounding landscape . Using statistical methods , they found that the circles are distributed regularly across large areas . ` The occurrence of such patterning in nature is rather unusual . There must be particularly strong regulating forces at work , ' Dr Getzin said . He believes it is the local resource-competition among plants and vegetation , in a similar way to how young trees space themselves out in forests to ensure they have access to enough nutrients and water . ` A similar process of resource-competition may consequently also be the real cause for a self-organising formation of the mysterious fairy circle patterns , ' the study says . The scientists simulated underground competition for water and the spatial vegetation distribution patterns . They found that similar patterns emerged on the screen to those recorded in Namibia .