DC Ciara Campbell -LRB- pictured -RRB- was an officer at Lancaster CID . She is accused of prying on former partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times over a year . An ` obsessed ' woman detective used confidential police computer systems to spy on her firearms officer ex-lover and his new partner , a court was told . After Detective Constable Ciara Campbell broke up with police marksman Stuart Swarbrick , a ` large number ' of photographs of his new partner , a civilian police worker , were found on her iPad , a jury was told . The 43-year-old , formerly of Lancaster CID in Lancashire , is accused of spying on her ex-partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times between January 2013 and January 2014 . A court heard Campbell also spied on PC Swarbrick 's new girlfriend , Alice Coxhead , a civilian police support worker , 50 times using the system . However , the court was told that Campbell maintains she was simply trying to ensure she did not bump into or confront her ex or his new partner at work and wanted to ` just get on with her job ' . The DC denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 . The first two charges relate to her accessing information on Lancashire police systems between 2010 and 2012 about a harassment dispute involving her friend Amanda Holman , 54 , and a woman named Rachel Lyne . The third charge against Campbell relates to her checking on a defendant -- Dean Harrison -- who was accused of assaulting Ms Lyne . The court heard Harrison had approached Holman to ask her to be a witness . The other charges relate to Campbell accessing information through incident and human resourcing databases about her ex-partner , who is a Preston-based firearms officer , and his new partner , who is based at Hutton police HQ . Geoffrey Lowe , prosecuting , said Campbell 's relationship with PC Swarbrick ended in 2013 after which he started seeing Miss Coxhead . All three served with Lancashire Police . ` The defendant makes it clear she found the break-up of that relationship very traumatic and what seems to have happened is as a result she has embarked on an obsessive and irrational course of conduct , ' he added . ` It seems the relationship came to an end in 2013 . Mr Swarbrick commenced a relationship with Miss Coxhead . Campbell was arrested in March 2014 over the matters relating to Holman , but an examination of her personal iPad which was seized by officers revealed pictures of Ms Coxhead , leading to a further probe . Campbell , her ex Stuart Swarbrick and his partner all worked for Lancashire Police -LRB- headquarters pictured -RRB- . Mr Lowe said : ` As a result of inquiries the defendant 's phone and iPad were seized and what 's particularly significant is there were a large number of photographs obtained of Alice Coxhead . ` There are deleted inquiries about her , relating to her daughter and her father ' s funeral . ` All of this , the Crown says , is reflective of the obsessive , irrational behaviour which drove this defendant to abuse the systems held by Lancashire Constabulary . ' Mr Lowe told the court checks revealed she had initially accessed the information about friend Ms Holman following an harassment dispute involving Ms Lyne . Mr Lowe said Campbell had twice accessed information on her friend but added she may have done so out of ` some sort of misguided loyalty ' to Holman . He added : ` The Crown 's case is she had no business to do that . ' The jury heard Campbell also accessed the computer system in August 2012 in relation to an alleged assault on Ms Lyne by a man named Dean Harrison . David Temkin , defending , said : ` She did what she did in the first counts for a police purpose - the provision of information she says had been provided to her by her friend Amanda Holman . ` She wished to give details of her home address . She says she had many reasons to form the view that what she was doing was perfectly acceptable . ' Liverpool Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- heard Campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 . He added Campbell had not wanted to bump into or confront her ex or his new partner at work and wanted to ` just get on with her job ' . He said in the case of the third charge , the one in relation to the assault , she just wanted to check she would have no involvement in the assault case . He added : ` The actions she took were rational and sensible . ` On the remaining counts it is said she knew she was not authorised to access that data . ` She says she did n't know that at all , she had many reasons to form the view that what she was doing was perfectly acceptable . ' Giving evidence , DC Les Clegg , of Lancashire police 's anti-corruption team , said text messages between Holman and the defendant appeared to correspond to her accessing information about Dean Harrison . In a later message , Holman had thanked her and indicated she would not be ` speaking to him ' - said by the Crown to refer to Dean Harrison . The trial continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .