A woman has received the shocking news that the man she 's known as her father for 23 years is not actually her biological parent . Sarah 's ordeal was played out on TV after she agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test . The 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed Phil , who appeared with her on the ITV show , was not in fact her real father . Scroll down for video . Sarah , 23 , was devastated to find out the man she 's always thought was her father is not her biological parent as she appeared on today 's Jeremy Kyle Show . Phil , who has raised Sarah , was equally upset to learn he is not her real father and was comforted by her and presenter Jeremy Kyle , left , on the ITV show . Presenter Jeremy Kyle , left , broke the news of the DNA test to Phil and Sarah . Sarah 's mother had dropped the bombshell that Phil - who had raised Sarah - may not actually be related to her last year . In an experience akin to the plot of musical Mamma Mia , Sarah was told one of three men could be her father . Determined to find out the truth , the pair went on the Jeremy Kyle Show - famed for it 's revealing DNA tests - to get an answer . Before the results were revealed , Sarah spoke of how Phil has always been a father figure in her life . The pair appeared on the show after Sarah 's mother told her last year that Phil was n't her real father . She said : ` He put a roof over my head , he 's always been there for me . I 'd be over the moon if he was my father . I do n't know what I will do if he 's not but he will still be like father to me . ' Phil added : ` Whatever happens today she will still be my daughter . If she is , it will be the proudest day of my life . ' Jeremy read a statement from Sarah 's mother - who is no longer in contact with her daughter - in which she confirmed Phil was not Sarah 's father . But Sarah and Phil wanted to have the DNA test to know for sure . Before finding out the DNA results , Phil said it would be the proudest day of his life if Sarah was his daughter , while she said she would be ` over the moon ' The DNA test confirmed Phil and Sarah are not related but they said it wo n't change their relationship . ` I want to find out truth , it 's been going too long now , ' Sarah said . But her fears were realised when the DNA test confirmed Phil was not her father . On hearing the news , Phil held his head in his hands while Sarah burst into tears . The pair hugged and vowed the truth would not change their relationship - while Jeremy said the show 's team would give them any support they needed moving forward . On discovering the truth , Phil told Jeremy he will always be a father to Sarah . Wiping away her tears , Sarah said : ` I would like to find out who but my real father is but Phil will always be my dad . ' Jeremy told Phil that he should still be proud of himself : ` You can make a baby in a millisecond but it takes 23 years of support to make a dad . ' The Jeremy Kyle Show , weekdays at 9.25 am on ITV .