A woman armed with guns and hand grenades was shot dead as she tried to attack Istanbul 's police headquarters on Wednesday just a day after a deadly hostage situation in the city . A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged and television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central Aksaray neighbourhood . The attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front -LRB- DHKP-C -RRB- stormed a courthouse and took him hostage . It is not known who fired the fatal shots . Scroll down for video . Shot dead : A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged . Police HQ : Television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central Aksaray neighbourhood . Armed : The woman was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol , it said . Local media said a man had also been detained . ` The Istanbul police headquarters on Vatan street was targeted by rifle fire and a female terrorist was killed in the clash , ' the Istanbul governor 's office said in a statement today . The woman was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol , it said . Local media said a man had also been detained . Separately , police detained a gunman on Wednesday who entered an Istanbul branch of the ruling AK Party and hung from its window a Turkish flag with the emblem of a sword added . It was not immediately clear whether any of the attacks were linked , but Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu warned of the risk of ` provocations ' and attempts to cause chaos ahead of June 's national election . Today , the grieving family of Mr Kiraz who died after being shot in the head and chest during yesterday 's courthouse siege wept over his coffin at his funeral . His coffin was covered with the Turkish flag for his funeral at Eyup Sultan Mosque in Istanbul . Turkish police secure the area in front of the Istanbul police headquarters where an armed woman was shot dead . People react to the shooting of an armed woman in Istanbul . She was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol . Plain-clothed police officers block a street leading to the police headquarters in Istanbul on Wednesday April 1 . Threat : The Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front published disturbing photographs of the terrified prosecutor with a gun to his head on their official Facebook page before he was shot . Two of his captors were killed after security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him . Gunshots were heard and smoke could be seen rising from the scene at the end of the six-hour stand-off . Turkish authorities on Wednesday detained 22 suspected members of the group in the southern city of Antalya after receiving a tip-off they were planning further attacks , the Dogan news agency reported . Meanwhile hundreds of lawyers , prosecutors and staff stood in respect on every floor of the giant Istanbul Caglayan Palace of Justice where Kiraz worked and the hostage drama unfolded . ` We will not forget you , our martyr , ' read a gigantic banner , as a huge Turkish flag was hung from the top floor . The courthouse is to be renamed after Kiraz . Justice Minister Kenan Ipek said the two members of the DHKP-C who took him hostage had ` held a gun to the nation ' . ` We do n't see this as an attack on our deceased prosecutor , but on the whole justice system , ' he said at a ceremony for Mr Kiraz . ` Our state is powerful enough to track down those behind these lowlifes ... The fact these assassins are dead should n't put those nefarious and dark forces at ease . ' Grief : The family of Mehmet Selim Kiraz grieve over his coffin during his funeral at Eyup Sultan Mosque in Istanbul , Turkey . He died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation . Mourning : The coffin of the prosecutor was passed through the crowds of mourners gathered to pay their respects . He had been leading an investigation into the death of teenager Berkin Elvan , who died aged 15 . Respects : Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu -LRB- L -RRB- , the son of killed prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz -LRB- C -RRB- and Turkish National Assembly President Cemil Cicek -LRB- R -RRB- stand by Kiraz ' coffin in Istanbul . Gathering : Prosecutors , lawyers and judges stand near a statue of Lady Justice during the funeral ceremony . Defiant : Mourners at the funeral of Kiraz hold a picture of the prosecutor high in tribute to the lawyer . Mr Kiraz , a father of two married to a judge who also worked at the courthouse , was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of Berkin Elvan . The 15-year-old was severely wounded after being hit on the head by a tear-gas canister fired by a police officer during anti-government protests in Istanbul in June 2013 . After spending 269 days in a coma , Elvan eventually died on March 11 last year . His death , and the subsequent investigation , have since become a rallying point for the country 's far-left . Police chief Selami Altınok said officers stormed the building on Tuesday after hearing gunshots , and killed two of the gunmen . ` We carried out the negotiation for six hours . But our security forces launched the operation after gunshots were heard while terrorists were speaking on the phone during the negotiation , ' he said . Critical : Prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz was taken to hospital with gunshot wounds but died of his injuries . Shattered : The broken window of the room where prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz was held hostage and shot . The emergency began at 2.36 pm local time -LRB- 12.36 GMT -RRB- when members of the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front stormed into the office of Mr Kiraz . Images of a masked militant holding a gun to Mr Kiraz 's head were then posted on the group 's Facebook page , along with a demand for police to confess on live TV within the hour . Armed police rushed to the scene and were shown escorting court officials out of the building , but there was no sign of Mr Kiraz before the deadline arrived and live TV feeds were cut . Shots were then heard from inside the building , according to the Dogan news agency . In a statement published by Turkish media , the hostage taking was claimed by the Marxist Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front , which has been behind a string of recent attacks . The group published pictures showing one of the militants - his face concealed by a scarf with the group 's red and yellow insignia - holding a gun to Kiraz 's head . Standing guard : Members of security forces stand outside the main courthouse in Istanbul during the siege . Horror : The prosecutor was leading an investigation into the death of 15-year-old Berkin Elvan . Protesters : Turkish police use water cannons to disperse protesters who expressed support for an alleged militant member of the banned leftist group DHKP-C group who took Turkish Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage . Emergency : An ambulance leaves the courthouse after police storm the building . Mr Kiraz was taken to hospital where he died from his injuries . Over : Istanbul Security Chief Selami Altinok , centre-right , and Deputy Chief Prosecutor Orhan Kapici speak to the media outside the main courthouse in Istanbul at the end of the siege . They had also plastered their flags and posters on the walls of his office . Turkish media said that the group had given a deadline of 3:36 pm -LRB- 13.36 BST -RRB- for the prosecutor to identify the police officers who they say were behind the killing of Elvan or he would be shot . In a brief video message on a widely-followed Twitter account describing itself as that of Elvan 's family , his father appeared to call on the group not to harm the prosecutor . ` We want justice . We do n't want anyone to shed even a drop of blood . We do n't want other mothers to cry , ' Sami Elvan said . Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu met with the current and former interior and justice ministers at the ruling AK Party headquarters in Ankara to discuss the hostage taking , officials in his office said . Gunshots : According to the Dogan news agency , gunshots were heard from inside the building after the militant group 's deadline passed . Demands : The group were demanding that Mr Kiraz name the policemen implicated in Mr Elvan 's death , which has become a rallying point for the country 's far-left . The DHKP-C said on its website it wanted the police officer it blames for Elvan 's death to ` confess ' on television , the officers involved to be tried in ` people 's courts ' , and charges against those who attended protests for Elvan to be dropped . The DHKP-C blames the ruling AK Party for the killing of teenager Elvan . He was aged 15 at the time of his death , which was followed by mass nationwide protests that were also largely put down by the police . Elvan has since become an icon for the Turkish far-left and his supporters accuse the authorities of covering up the circumstances and perpetrators of his death . The United States , European Union and Turkey list the DHKP-C as a terrorist organisation . It was behind a suicide bombing at the U.S. Embassy in 2013 . In 2001 , two policemen and an Australian tourist died in a DHKP-C attack in central Istanbul . Innocent : Berkin was on his way to buy bread during anti-government street protests when he was struck in the head by a high-velocity gas canister . Strength of feeling : Elvan has since become an icon for the Turkish far-left and his supporters accuse the authorities of covering up the circumstances and perpetrators of his death .