Jeremy Clarkson has finally spoken out about his high-profile sacking from Top Gear , admitting he will ` miss ' fronting the BBC2 show . Clarkson , 54 , who was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming , has not publicly addressed his dismissal , apart from to say that ` everyone 's upset ' . But the presenter today gave his ` heartfelt thanks ' to those who sent their support in the aftermath of his sacking , saying he would ` miss being there ' . It came as Ms Rippon , 70 , who first presented the show 38 years ago , said she would be keen to return to the motoring show if she were invited back . Scroll down for video . Jeremy Clarkson -LRB- left -RRB- today revealed he would ` miss ' fronting Top Gear , as it emerged that former presenter Angela Rippon -LRB- right -RRB- would be keen to return to the motoring show . Ms Rippon , 70 , who first presented the show 38 years ago , said it would be ` great ' if she were invited back to front Top Gear . Writing in The Sun , Clarkson said : ` Heartfelt thanks to all those who have written to say how much they will miss me on Top Gear . It 's not as much , however , as I 'll miss being there . ' Clarkson was dropped by the BBC after an internal investigation found he had launched an ` unprovoked ' 30-second physical attack on producer Oisin Tymon because he was offered a plate of cold cuts instead of steak and chips . The presenter was found to have split the producer 's lip and verbally abused him . Following weeks of speculation over the star 's future , Lord Hall , the director-general of the corporation , publicly announced that the BBC would not be renewing Clarkson 's contract . He said Clarkson had ` crossed the line ' and that ` there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . Now , with the future of the show still up in the air , former newsreader Ms Rippon said it would be ` great ' if she was invited back . Clarkson , who was dropped by the BBC after launching an ` unprovoked ' 30-second physical attack on producer Oisin Tymon . today gave his ` heartfelt thanks ' to those who have supported him . She told The Daily Mirror : ` It would be great if they said `` let 's get the old girl back to do the odd film for us '' . What I did all those years ago is totally different to what they do now . ` If a programme is going to have longevity , which Top Gear has , it has to keep evolving . ' She added that there should be a woman included in the team - because half the drivers on the road are female . Jodie Kidd , the former model , has already been linked to the show . It also emerged last month that DIY SOS star Nick Knowles could become the new Top Gear presenter because the BBC believe he is a ` safe pair of hands ' . Meanwhile , BBC bosses are said to be desperately trying to hold onto James May -LRB- left -RRB- and Richard Hammond -LRB- right -RRB- - Clarkson 's co-presenters - for the BBC2 show . Mr May has previously said that the trio ` came as a package ' , while Hammond - not ruling out a return - said the sacking marked ` the end of an era ' But BBC bosses are reportedly still trying to persuade Richard Hammond and James May to continue with the show , in a bid to cling onto long-term fans . Although May , 52 , and Hammond , 45 , have both hinted separately that they do not see a future with Top Gear , both have remained silent on the issue for the past few weeks . A source told the Daily Mirror : ` Richard is a TV presenter and this could be his chance to become top dog - he 's been on the show a bit longer than James . That is a big opportunity to pass over . ' They added : ` It would be a great shame to lose all the talent in one go - re-booting it from scratch would be a far harder task than replacing one . ' Mr May has previously said that the trio ` came as a package ' , while Hammond - not ruling out a return - said the sacking marked ` the end of an era ' . But little has been said since the initial reaction to the sacking . Some believe the presenters are remaining silent while waiting for bids from rival channels , which may want to sign up the group as a trio . All three were on the cusp of signing new three-year deals when the Clarkson fracas unfolded . Some believe the pair are remaining silent while waiting for bids from rival channels , which may want to snap up the former Top Gear group as a trio . The day after Clarkson 's sacking , May gave a big hint that he has no plans to return to Top Gear , suggesting he is to ` go back to normal life . ' The presenter admitted he was already considering what to do next with his life - and suggested he might even ditch cars to become a teacher . He said : ` I might want to do something completely different with my life , I 'm quite old now . -LRB- I might do -RRB- something outside of cars , I always wanted to be a teacher . ' He also seemed to confirm speculation that he would leave the top-rating programme , saying : ` We always knew it was n't going to last forever ' . Clarkson , 54 , was sacked after attacking Oisin Tymon in an episode which Lord Hall said had ` crossed the line ' But the BBC 's creative director Alan Yentob previously made it clear he wanted May and Hammond to continue presenting the show without Clarkson , despite acknowledging it would be ` perfectly natural ' for them to have reservations about continuing . He said : ` It 's perfectly natural for them . They are a team they have worked together for a very long time , they are all very attached . ` If Jeremy is not in it and Richard and James are , that needs to be a conversation with them as well . They need to be happy about what 's going on and where they think the programme needs to be . ' May fronts several other TV programmes , including the popular James May 's Toy Stories , James May 's Man Lab and Oz and James ' Big Wine Adventure with wine expert Oz Clarke . Hammond has a successful career as a children 's television host , fronting the second series of National Geographic 's Science of Stupid . He also hosted BBC1 's physical game show Total Wipeout and the CBBC series Blast Lab before they were axed . Clarkson , May and Hammond are scheduled to take part in the live Top Gear shows next month . But the shows have been renamed , without BBC branding . Earlier this month North Yorkshire Police said that following an investigation Clarkson would face no further police action over his attack on the producer at a hotel . Clarkson pulled out of his planned appearance hosting BBC satirical show Have I Got News For You , which was due to be filmed next week , and aired a day later . It would have marked his first BBC appearance since the fracas which led to his departure .