Bingo hall toilets have tested positive for traces of Class A drugs amid evidence that an increasing number of pensioners are turning to hard drugs in retirement . Out of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine , while another had traces of crack cocaine , a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked , a newspaper investigation revealed . While the venues do let players as young as 18 in , the majority of attendees are elderly , and the discoveries mirror a spike in OAPs being treated for drug abuse . Out of 17 bingo halls tested across the country , seven had traces of cocaine in the toilets , while this one , in Hengrove Leisure Park , Bristol , was found to have traces of crack cocaine . Class A : While bingo halls allow people as young as 18 to visit , the majority of visitors are pensioners -LRB- pictured , Gala Bingo in Fishponds Road , Bristol , where traces of cocaine were found in the toilets -RRB- . Figures from Public Health England show that 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse in the last year , a rise of 20 per cent in a year , and double the rates seen in 2009 . A probe by The Sun used swabs coated with special chemicals which reveal traces of cocaine to test toilet cubicles in bingo halls around the country . The news comes as hospital figures reveal a spike in drug abuse among the elderly , with 634 treated for addiction last year -LRB- stock picture -RRB- . Two Gala Bingo premises in Clydebank Retail Park and Hawthorne Quadrant , Glasgow , tested positive for the drug , while Mecca Bingo in Coral Island , Blackpool , also showed traces of cocaine . Gala Bingo in Basildon and Mecca Bingo in Romford , Essex , also had positive results , as did Gala Bingo in Fishponds Road , Bristol . Another Bristol venue , Gala Bingo in Hengrove Leisure Park , tested positive for crack cocaine , which is highly addictive . Kate Lawrence , of drug charity Phoenix Futures , told the paper 's Grant Rollings that the findings were unsurprising , adding that many older people turn to drugs to combat loneliness , or to socialise . She said : ` We assume older people do n't want to go out and socialise , but they do , particularly if they are lonely . Loneliness is a massive trigger for drugs . ` The older generation is n't so well informed because we have concentrated on warning young people about drugs . Representatives from both Mecca Bingo and Gala Bingo said that their companies took a zero-tolerance policy on drugs and banned taking them on their premises . Figures released early last year showed that , as well as record numbers of pensioners being hospitalised with drug problems , thousands more were seeking help to kick the habit . Busted : Mecca Bingo Blackpool was among the eight premises where traces of Class A drugs were found . Zero tolerance : Both Gala Bingo and Mecca Bingo said drug taking was banned in both of their venues -LRB- pictured , Gala Bingo in Basildon , where cocaine traces were discovered -RRB- . More than 2,000 people in their 60s , 70s and 80s sought help for problems relating to substance abuse in 2013 - double the number that were receiving treatment only five years ago . The dramatic rise is being blamed on those who first experimented with drugs during the 1960s , and have continued to use them on and off over the subsequent decades . The majority of those requesting help last year suffered from addictions to heroin or crack cocaine , although there were significant numbers who had problems with cannabis , amphetamines and prescription medications .