Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola ` would not go to a club like Manchester City ' and will see out his three-year contract with the German champions , club CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said on Thursday . Guardiola , who joined in 2013 after winning 14 titles in four seasons at Barcelona and taking a year out , has been a top target for several European clubs . The Spaniard , who won the domestic double last season , has repeatedly been linked with a possible move to last season 's Premier League champions Manchester City . Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract , claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge . Speculation intensified in the days after Bayern 's 3-1 Champions League quarter-final , first-leg loss at Porto last week and the subsequent departure of their long-time team doctor , who said his medical team was blamed for the defeat . But their 6-1 demolition of the Portuguese outfit on Tuesday saw Bayern book a semi-final spot with Guardiola on track for a treble of titles in his second season . ` I know very well that he will be the coach here at least until June 30 , 2016 , ' Rummenigge told Bild . Guardiola celebrates during Bayern 's 6-1 Champions League quarter-final victory against Porto . He said contract extension talks would take place in the second half of the year , following the end of the season . ` The aim is to extend Guardiola 's contract and I think we have very good chances that he remains the coach here beyond 2016 . ' Recent contact between Guardiola and former Barcelona colleague Txiki Begiristain , who is now City 's sports director , was no reason for concern for Bayern , Rummenigge said . The Bayern players celebrates after reaching the Champions League semi-finals on Wednesday night . ` I am not worried about that . This just proves the quality of the coach . I am also aware that Begiristain worked with Guardiola at Barcelona at some point . ` But I can not imagine that Pep would go to a club like Manchester City . ' Bayern could win the Bundesliga title this weekend and take on Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup final before their Champions League semi-final next month . Bayern have once before won the treble , in 2013 , shortly before Guardiola 's arrival .