He scored the two goals at the Etihad that saw off Manchester City in the last 16 , he scored in the Clasico to leave the league title in Barcelona 's hands , and with two more goals on Wednesday in the Parc des Princes , Luis Suarez put his team practically in the Champions League semi-finals . He is starting to look like £ 75million very well spent -- especially in view of the fact that David Luiz , the man he nutmegged twice en route to both goals on Wednesday , cost £ 50m . The Spanish call the nutmeg a ` tunnel ' and in Catalonia they are hailing the ` Eurotunnels ' that have led Barcelona to within two games of the Berlin final on June 6 . Luis Suarez curls the ball home for his second and Barcelona 's third against Paris Saint-Germain . Suarez celebrates with Neymar as Barcelona took a giant step towards the Champions League semi-finals . Suarez started the season late because of his FIFA ban and , on his own admission , was anxious in front of goal when he first joined Neymar and Lionel Messi -- too conscious of the need not to appear greedy in the company of two world-class finishers . But now the numbers speak for themselves . He has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games -- six from six in the Champions League . His overall tally is 18 and Barça 's front three are on 91 for the season . They look set to eclipse arguably the club 's greatest front three of Messi , Samuel Eto'o and Thierry Henry who scored 100 goals in the 2008-09 campaign . They also look to have even more about them than the Real Madrid trio of Gareth Bale , Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo who won the Champions League last season . The ease with with which Suarez has fitted into Barcelona 's front three should not be underestimated . Rio Ferdinand tweeted : ` Suarez does the dirty work for Messi & Neymar without losing any quality ' . Suarez 's relationship with Lionel Messi both on and off the field has blossomed in recent months . Suarez , Neymar and Messi have established themselves as the most feared front three in the world . And it 's true that he batters defenders and tirelessly runs the channels , freeing up space for his Brazilian and Argentine team-mates . But it 's no longer about Suarez applying the body shots and Neymar and Messi landing the knockout punch -- he is now getting the winning goals himself . ` We have seen him do it before for Ajax and Liverpool , ' said Luis Enrique after Wednesday 's game . Suarez now has 15 goals in 2015 -- almost twice as many as the eight managed by Daniel Sturridge , Mario Balotelli , Rickie Lambert and Fabio Borini between them . He has also stayed clear of controversy . Last week he gave an in-depth radio interview with Cadena Cope and even made a light-hearted reference to the nonsensical action at the World Cup that cost him his place in the tournament and in this summer 's Copa America . ` I was going to say we have a very special hunger but I had better use another word , ' he said when asked about what sets Uruguayan players apart . He hates the biting pun headlines but after such a wonderful night in Paris he might let references in Diario AS to American Werewolf in Paris pass , especially the line that read , ` seeing David Luiz come on to the pitch must have been like a full moon to a werewolf ' . Suarez enjoyed great success against David Luiz , twice nutmegging the former Chelsea player . Luiz was made to look rather ordinary by the Barcelona forward as he struggled on his return from injury . It 's true he devoured Luiz , as he scored goal numbers 1,000 and 1,001 in Barcelona 's history in European competition . There was a touch of the Samuel Eto'o about the goal too . It revived memories of Eto'o 's strike in Rome 2009 against Manchester United . After nutmegging Luiz , the way Suarez combined that light touch with the use of his upper-body strength to repel Marquinhos and Maxwell was the perfect illustration of how he pairs the physical attributes of a centre forward , with the quick feet of a winger . It was another goal scored cutting in from the right much like the second he scored against England in Brazil at the World Cup . He began his Barca career on the right with Messi playing through the middle but admitted last week that in one game Messi switched places with him and told him to stay through the middle . Part of his remit is to dovetail with the four-times Ballon d'Or winner . If Messi plays centrally then he runs the right-hand channel . If Messi wants to hug the right touchline , then he plays through the middle . He was often as accommodating at Liverpool with Sturridge so he was never going to say no to Messi . Suarez was accommodating when he played with Daniel Sturridge at Liverpool last season . The degree to which those two , and the younger more frivolous Neymar have got along together off the pitch has helped them gel so quickly on it . Did you hear the one about the Uruguayan , the Brazilian and the Argentine sounds like the start of a joke - on Wednesday the defenders trying to cope with them will not have seen the funny side . ` It 's not over , ' he said after the game when asked about next week 's second leg . And he also said he nutmegged Luiz because ` it was the only way to get past him ' . He knows there are 90 minutes more to negotiate before Barcelona can celebrate reaching the final four . It would n't do to linger too long on how he had destroyed the world 's most expensive defender -- the replays of those two goals will do that on their own .