Amir Khan believes Kell Brook has called him out so that he can have the ` one big payday ' which has so far eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career . Brook , who defeated Jo Jo Dan to retain his IBF welterweight title last month , immediately challenged Khan in a post-fight interview but the Bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on May 30 , with his opponent yet to be confirmed . Khan has reiterated his intention to take on Brook within the next 12 months , although he insists that the undefeated 28-year-old only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him . Amir Khan -LRB- left -RRB- , pictured during his last fight against Devon Alexander , has blasted Kell Brook 's motives . Brook -LRB- right -RRB- shakes hands with British Superbike champion Shane Byrne at Donington Park on Tuesday . In an interview with iFL TV , Khan said : ` He 's only faced one decent opponent in his whole career , so he has no room to talk . It seems to me that he 's just calling me out for that one big payday . ` If he keeps going on like this , that one big payday fight for him will never happen because at the end of the day , he 's just trying to win fans over by mentioning my name when he knows that I ca n't fight then because of Ramadan . ` And he 's putting down my opponents , who are still better opponents than his opponents , like Jo Jo Dan , who should be called No No Dan , to be honest with you , because end of day , he 's not done anything in his career . ' Khan had announced a fight with Chris Algieri next month but he has now backtracked on that , claiming that there are ` some more options on the table ' . Khan has now denied that he will face Chris Algieri next month , claiming there are ` some more options ' Chris Algieri lost every round to Manny Pacquiao when he took on the Filipino star last November . Brook is desperate to fight Khan but his fellow Brit rejected the chance to face him at Wembley in June . A £ 5million clash with Brook at Wembley on June 13 was also an option but Khan rejected the offer as he will not fight during Ramadan because of his Islamic faith . He added : ` Like I said , this Algieri fight , if it happens , it 's making me a lot of money ; money that Kell Brook 's not seen . That 's why he 's probably dying . Amir 's making millions when he 's not even seen his first million . ` There 's classes in boxing . There 's fighters in boxing who are the A-class fighters , the likes of Manny Pacquiao and Mayweather , who talk about and mention and say they know who Amir Khan is . ` When it comes to Kell Brook , who knows Kell Brook in America ? Which fighter , apart from Shawn Porter , knows Kell Brook ? Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao do n't know who Kell Brook is , so I do n't know what he 's going on about trying to say he 's a big name . ` Kell Brook 's going on like he 's the next guy to fight Mayweather when he 's not even a big ticket seller . He might be big in his own backyard in Sheffield , but other than Sheffield , no-one knows him . Brook is hoping to fight Khan within the next 12 months as he looks to extend his unbeaten streak . Khan claims that Brook is not even a big name in the UK and is not able to face the world 's biggest names . ` The way he 's tried to come across to the US public is like he 's a super-big name in the UK . He 's not a big name in the UK . ' And Khan insists that he is not avoiding Brook , even though the fight will be of greater benefit to the Sheffield-born star . ` Look , do I need the fight against Kell Brook ? , ' said Khan . ` I make a lot of money regardless if I fight Kell Brook . ` I will make a lot of money in this sport and I 've made a lot of money in this sport of boxing . Kell Brook needs me to make that big money . ` Without me , he 'll never make that big money unless he goes out and fights the top guys like Pacquiao , Mayweather , and Marquez , but I ca n't see him fighting those guys because he 's always scared to get beat by them and lose his title . '