Bradley Neil admitted he needed to give himself a ` kick up the arse ' after missing the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National . The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par , although he did at least sign off in style with a birdie on the 18th . ` It was a great learning experience but very tough , ' said the 2014 Amateur champion , who played with 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle . ` Every time you get to play with the world 's best you 'll take something away . This is where I want to be in a few years time . I just need to keep working harder . Amateur champion Bradley Neil missed the cut on his debut at the Masters . The Scot admitted he needed to ` give himself a kick up the a *** ' after struggling on the professional tour . ` I 've prepared well for this but this shows it 's not been enough . Sandy was great . Putting is one of the best parts of my game but I struggled with it and he pointed something out and I 'll take that on board . ` I 'm very jealous of him , he gets to come back -LRB- here -RRB- every year . That 's something I want to do in the future . I think I 'm good enough to get back here , I think I have the game to do that . I need to give myself a right kick up the arse after this . I 'm desperate to come back . ' Neil still harboured hopes of making the cut after his first round , but carded four bogeys , a double bogey and one birdie to cover the front nine in 41 , before coming home in 38 . ` You know how tough this place is before you get here but any expectations you have are blown out of the water , ' he added . ` You do n't realise how tough it is until you play it . You watch it so much on TV but you ca n't believe the difference . Neil was playing with fellow countryman and former Masters winner Sandy Lyle . ` It deserves all the respect it gets . It 's the best in the world , the toughest in the world . It 's been a game of two halves the last few days . It 's been taking a step forward and then taking two back . I could n't get one up on the course , it just kept coming back at me . ` I 'm disappointed with the last two days , I 've done worse here than I did at the Open -LRB- missing the cut on 11 over at Hoylake -RRB- . ` I thought this would suit me better than the Open . My season has been disappointing so far but I 'm playing against world-class fields and bigger , better courses than I was on the amateur circuit . I need to work my socks off . Last year I found it easy on the amateur scene . '