Sexting is ` not advised for politicians ' , says Ed Miliband - and ` risky if you are young , dodgy if you are older ' in the words of Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg . Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for fashion magazine Cosmopolitan 's website . Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded that it is ` OK for other adults but not for me ' . And Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered : ` A bit too risky , thank you very much ! ' The verdict : Politicians should not sext , says Ed Miliband -LRB- right -RRB- and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg -LRB- left -RRB- says it is ` risky ' for youngsters and ` dodgy ' if you are older . Their responses are hardly surprisingly considering the downfalls of fellow politicians when salacious messages are revealed in the press - including those sent by former MP Brooks Newmark and Tory official Iain Corby . The quiz , which was answered by hand , included a question on the worst thing about politics , which Mr Miliband said was Prime Minister 's Questions - ` a bad advert for all of us ' . Ms Bennett ticked ` not being able to make the changes you want to ' , while Ms Morgan opted for people thinking she is boring . Mr Clegg wrote : ` Sitting through 30 minutes of Cameron and Miliband yelling persistently at each other every Wednesday ! ' The four were also asked about what they would be if not politicians . Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded that sexting is ` OK for other adults but not for me ' Mr Clegg said a wildlife film-maker , while the Labour leader wrote : ` Trying to change the world somehow . ' Ms Bennett said she would be an author and Ms Morgan a solicitor . Asked to describe their favourite hangover cure , Mr Miliband said : ` Drinking lots of water but it 's been a long time since I had one ... ' Mr Clegg said : ` Three young boys running around usually does the trick . ' Ms Morgan chose a bacon sandwich , while Ms Bennett responded : ` Home-baked gluten-free bread with butter and honey . ' In another question , the politicians had to reveal the most hurtful thing they had read about themselves . The Labour leader offered : ` Where do I start ?! ' and Ms Bennett said a claim that she was trying to be cool , something she says she gave up at the age of 16 . The Deputy Prime Minister replied : ` Not hurtful , just absurd - that I have a personal chef ! Of course I do n't . ' Ms Morgan said it was generally people making assumptions about her motives when they have never met her . Another question asked what would be worse than joining the opposition . Mr Clegg said joining Ukip , while Ms Morgan said she would rather join the opposition than do a bungee jump . Ms Bennett and Mr Miliband responded ` none of the above ' and ` no way ' respectively . It 's not difficult to see why the leaders believe politicians should steer clear of sexting as they have plenty of cautionary tales to learn from . Tory MP Brooks Newmark is standing down in May 's election after becoming embroiled in a humiliating sexting scandal last year . It was revealed the Conservative member bombarded a single mother with up to 40 naked pictures and told her ` I am desperate for sex with you ' . The father-of-five was forced to issue a grovelling apology after being caught texting explicit photographs of himself for a second time . He had already left his post as minister for civil society after he was exposed as having exchanged photographs with a male journalist posing as a glamorous young Tory PR woman . Tory MP Brooks Newmark is standing down this year after becoming embroiled in two sexting scandals . In April last year , details of salacious messages sent by top Tory official Iain Corby on a gay dating service were revealed . These referred to a sex party for Tory researchers at the party 's annual conference in Manchester , funded by Conservative MPs ' expenses . The Mail on Sunday revealed that the exchanges involved Mr Corby and were one of the reasons he suddenly quit as head of the Westminster-based Parliamentary Resources Unit -LRB- PRU -RRB- , which is paid for by MPs via taxpayer-funded expenses . Disgraced Co-op boss Paul Flowers was suspended from his position after he was filmed buying hard drugs including crystal meth and crack cocaine . The Mail on Sunday revealed exchanges involving Tory official Iain Corby on gay dating service Grindr . The former Labour councillor was further shamed when a teenage rent boy revealed sexually explicit text messages exchanged between them - and revealed he had been asked to accompany Flowers to the summer party of Labour peer Baroness Thornton . And sexting has also caused problems for politicians across the pond . American politician Anthony Weiner , a former representative of the United States House of Representatives , is better known for his two sexting scandals . The first , in 2011 , led to his resignation as a Congressman after he sent an intimate picture to a woman over Twitter . And then as he attempted to make a return to politics by running for mayor of New York in 2013 , he was forced to admit to sexting three women after pictures were published .