The mother-of-three who dropped her two-year-old son into a cheetah pit is the assistant director of a childcare center . Michelle Schwab , who has three sons and a degree in therapeutic childcare , has been charged with child endangerment after she allegedly dangled her child over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in Cleveland Metroparks Zoo before he slipped and fell . She faces six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . Visitors heard a scream at 3 pm on Saturday and looked to see Schwab , 38 , and her husband leaping into the pit to retrieve the child , who was treated for a leg injury . On Monday , a spokesman for KinderCare , a nationally-acclaimed education , care and resource provider , confirmed Schwab has taken a leave of absence from her management role at one of the centers in Columbus , Ohio . Scroll down for video . Charged : Michelle Schwab , a mother-of-three with a degree in therapeutic childcare , has been charged with child endangerment for allegedly dangling her son of a cheetah pit . She is an assistant director at KinderCare . Witnesses say Schwab jumped in to retrieve the boy from the compound at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo at 3 pm on Saturday . The animals appeared to ignore the boy , witnesses say -LRB- file image of one of the zoo 's cheetahs -RRB- . The boy was rescued by his parents from the pit -LRB- pictured -RRB- before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital . In an email to DailyMail.com , spokesman Colleen Moran said : ` We were saddened to hear of Saturday 's incident at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo involving Michelle Schwab 's son , and we wish him a speedy recovery . ` Ms Schwab has been the Assistant Director at the Sawmill Road KinderCare in Columbus . She is currently home with her family , and will remain out of our center while this issue is investigated and addressed . ` In addition to the agencies looking into this issue , we are looking into the incident further ourselves , as we closely examine issues involving the treatment of children by our employees , even if those incidents arise outside of our centers . ' Schwab , of Delaware , Ohio , was charged on Monday in Cleveland Municipal Court and will be arraigned on April 22 . On Sunday , Dr Christopher Kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said the two felines did not approach the boy when he fell in the pit . Michael Lurie and his family were at the Cheetah exhibit when they heard the child scream . ` You saw how far the drop was and you just could n't believe the kid did n't hurt himself from falling down on the ground , ' Lurie told WKYC . ` I was just shocked , ' he said . ` I did n't understand how the parents let the kid go over the thing . ' Zoo visitor Terra Lurie believes the boy was not approached by the fast feline because they were frightened . ` I think they were just curious as to what was going on and why somebody was in the pen with them , ' she said . ` It 's not every day that somebody is just in the pen with them . ' ` And everyone else is screaming and they probably got scared . ' The exhibit was closed following the child 's fall . Zoo visitor Michael Lurie was at the cheetah exhibit when he heard the child scream . He said he was ` shocked ' and ` did n't understand how the parents let the kid ' go over the railing and into the pit . Cleveland Metroparks Zoo -LRB- file photo -RRB- has brought child endangering charges against the child 's mother .