The devastated mother of a schoolgirl killed by a speeding driver who was on drugs had ` dark thoughts ' about committing suicide at the spot where her daughter died , a court heard yesterday . Liberty Baker , 14 , was walking to school when Robert Blackwell , 19 , lost control of his car and ploughed into her . He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash . Scroll down for video . Heartbreak : Maureen Baker is consoled by her husband , Paul , outside Oxford Crown Court after seeing their daughter 's killer jailed for four years . The family say they are ` devastated ' by the sentence handed to him . Liberty Baker was killed last June by teenager Robert Blackwell . The 19-year-old , who smoked cannabis the day before crashing into the schoolgirl while texting at the wheel , was jailed for four years . As the baby-faced teenager was sentenced to four years in prison , Oxford Crown Court heard how Maureen Baker , 45 , had wanted to walk in front of a car at the scene of her child 's death so they could be reunited . Her husband Paul , 47 , told the hearing his wife was depressed and had been unable to return to her job at Oxford University . He said in an impact statement : ` In the early days after Liberty 's death , Maureen would often have dark thoughts of wanting to return to the scene and walk in front of a vehicle so she could be with Liberty . ` She has many flashbacks and often goes to Liberty 's room praying Liberty is there but she never is . If it was not for our son Finley , I honestly believe that Maureen would not be here now . ' Blackwell , who had previously been cautioned for possession of cannabis , had traces of the drug in his bloodstream at the time of the crash and admitted to smoking cannabis the day before . Jailing the teenager , Judge Ian Pringle said his speed -- 44mph in a 30mph zone -- had been ` grossly excessive ' . Blackwell 's lips quivered as he received his sentence and he wiped away tears as he was taken down to the cells . The teenager was walking to school in Witney , Oxfordshire , when she was struck by Blackwell 's car . Tragic : Liberty 's family offered heartbreaking victim impact statements in court . Liberty 's family offered heartbreaking victim impact statements during the trial of Robert Blackwell . Among them was Finley 's , her 11-year-old brother , who said learning of her death was ` the worst day ' . ` I feel there is a big hole in our family circle . My feelings are of sadness and anger , ' he said . ` I worry about my mum and dad , I have a big responsibility to make mum and dad happy . ` I hope the man goes to jail . ' In a separate poem read aloud in court he told his sister : ` There is a new angel in the sky . Those special memories of you will always make me smile . ` If I could have you back just for a while . It 's been a year since you passed away , I still think of you every day in my own special way . ` I hate not knowing for sure what happens when you die . But I really love to believe there is heaven past the sky . ' Reading a statement on behalf of the whole family to the court , Mr Baker said Liberty 's death had left their lives ` severely shattered ' and that they felt ` utterly devastated ' . He said : ` Liberty left the house at 7.55 am to go to school . Within 10 minutes out lives had been destroyed and changed forever . ` We are all still in disbelief and can not understand how Liberty could have been killed whilst walking innocently to school along the footpath which she had done for the past three years . ` The future milestones that we would have taken for granted such as Liberty wearing her prom dress , going to university , her 18th and 21st birthdays and being able to walk her down the aisle on her wedding day have been so cruelly taken from us . ` Day to day life will never be the same . Our house has gone from a very happy , vibrant home which used to run like clockwork . Now it is a house which just about functions . ` No parent should have to bury their child especially after an avoidable event . ' Speaking outside court , Mr Baker said : ` We are devastated at the sentence . This man 's actions cost my daughter her life and we will have to live with our loss every single day . ` He is only likely to spend a few years in prison ... Our lives will never be the same again . ' The crash happened as Liberty and two friends walked to the Henry Box school in Witney , Oxfordshire , just after 8 am on June 30 last year . The judge heard that Blackwell was likely to have been checking a text message from his girlfriend when he lost control of his blue Citroen C2 . Blackwell , of Bampton , failed to turn for a significant left-hand bend and continued driving straight on . Blackwell wept as he was led away to the cells . He is seen arriving yesterday before being jailed for four years . Liberty 's father Paul Baker -LRB- left -RRB- said he wished he had been killed instead . Her mother , Maureen -LRB- right with Finley , Liberty 's 10-year-old brother -RRB- broke down in tears at a previous court hearing . His speeding car mounted the pavement , first hitting pedestrian Paul Cracknell , 54 , who suffered severe injuries from which he is still recovering . It then hit Liberty , who was thrown into the windscreen and over the roof before landing in the road -- she was killed on impact . One of her friends was also struck but escaped with cuts and bruises . Prosecutor Ian Hope said : ` He completely failed to negotiate the sweeping left-hand bend . He quite literally just did n't turn . The most obvious reason for the gross lack of attention was he was in some way messing about with his phone . ' Mitigating , Claire Fraser said Blackwell denied looking at his phone and claimed the cannabis in his bloodstream had not affected his driving . She added that he told his probation officer : ` I need to be punished . ' Following her death campaigners fundraised for a tree to be planted in Liberty 's memory . Above , the grass verge where she was run over . Liberty was on her way to Henry Box School in Witney , Oxfordshire -LRB- above -RRB- when she was hit by the car . Blackwell 's car following the incident last June . Liberty was struck as she crossed the road and tossed onto his windscreen . In a statement to the court , Liberty 's 11-year-old brother Finley described being taken out of his classroom and to hospital to say ` goodbye ' to his sister . He said it was ` the worst day ' . Finley said : ` I feel there is a big hole in our family circle . My feelings are of sadness and anger . I worry about my mum and dad , I have a big responsibility to make my mum and dad happy . ` I am an only child . I hope the man goes to jail . ' Mr Baker added : ` The future milestones that we would have taken for granted such as Liberty going to university ... birthdays and being able to walk her down the aisle on her wedding day have been so cruelly taken from us . ` No parent should have to bury their child , especially after an avoidable event . ' Blackwell , who pleaded guilty , was jailed for four years for causing death by dangerous driving and two years for causing serious injuries by dangerous driving , to run concurrently .