The musical toast a bride received from her brother in place of a speech by their father was also a way of remembering their dad , who died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago . Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay , south of Perth . Far from a conventional toast , Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage . The performance was also a tribute to their father , Peter , who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years previously , and a celebration of his zest for life . Scroll down for video . Amanda Beringer -LRB- left -RRB- asked her brother Brad Fraser -LRB- right -RRB- to make a toast at her wedding . The toast that Brad made at the wedding at Eagle Bay , south of Perth , was a musical one . ` It took the focus off the fact that Dad was n't here on my wedding day , ' Mrs Beringer told Daily Mail Australia . ` My father was n't there to do my wedding speech , while my husband 's father was . ' ` He -LRB- Mr Fraser -RRB- turned it around and and made it light-hearted which was great . It made me laugh instead of being upset because my Dad was n't there . ' Mrs Beringer , 33 , said it 's what her father would have wanted . During the last stages of his disease he lost the ability to talk , but he never lost his love of life and his sense of fun . Brad sung heartily about the highs and lows of marriage . ` He had a computer where he could type in the words and it would read it out , ' Mrs Beringer said . ` Even then he 'd be making you laugh . He was still in good spirits even though he could n't talk . ' ` Despite his disease he was there always up for a laugh until the very end . Brad 's speech was a kind of celebration of that . ' She agreed some of the song 's lyrics were not the kind most newly married women might like to hear . ` Well it 's done now , you ca n't turn back . You 're legally binded by the wedding trap , ' Mr Fraser sang . ` For better for worse , it 's only a curse , so open your wallet ... and fill up her purse . ' Everyone in attendance at the wedding could n't get enough of Brad 's ditty . The crowd , who in a video of the performance posted online can be heard bursting out in laughter , erupt into a standing ovation at the end . ` It was very funny -- although maybe not the best advice to be giving my husband from my perspective ! ' Mrs Beringer said . ` But it was very touching . It brought a tear to my eye and pulled a lot of heartstrings . ' Mr Fraser said he regularly works as a master of ceremonies at social functions , but always gives 10 per cent of his fee to the Motor Neuron Association . Far from a conventional toast , Mr Fraser 's song poked fun at some of the burdens of marriage . The song was also a tribute to Brad and Amanda 's father , Peter , who passed away of Motor Neuron Disease 10 years earlier . ` Motor Nueron Disease does n't affect your brain -- it affects everything else , ' Mr Fraser told Daily Mail Australia . ` My Dad would be sitting there not saying anything or just moaning , but you knew he was getting the joke . ` They 're laughing inside and you know that . So to give everyone a laugh at the wedding was important . It 's what my Dad would have wanted . ' The musical toast was such a success that wedding guests gave it a standing ovation .