A furious motorist has plastered his £ 35,000 Audi A5 with slogans and parked it outside the dealership he bought it from because it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up . Ravi Beefnah , 34 , parked his white Audi A5 - which is covered in red lettering - outside the entrance of the dealership in Chelmsford , Essex , in February as a warning to other buyers . Two months later and Mr Beefnah 's protest is still there , with the owner claiming that Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car . Scroll down for video . Ravi Beefnah plastered his £ 35,000 Audi A5 with slogans and parked it outside the dealership he bought it from because it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up . Mr Beefnah 's car has been parked outside the Audi dealership in Chelmsford , Essex , for two months . Mr Beefnah claims that Audi failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car . The unhappy driver says he parked his car there as warning to other drivers considering buying an Audi . He said : ` I came up with the idea after becoming fed up with the dealership . ` You just do n't expect problems when buying a brand new car from what is supposed to be a reputable company . Mr Beefnah says he parked his car there as warning to other drivers considering buying an Audi . ` I decided that the car 's not fit for purpose and I 'm not going to be able to drive it so I might as well get some use out of it . ' One of the warnings written on the vehicle states : ` Audi acceptable oil consumption for this car is 12.75 pints -LRB- 7.2 litres -RRB- of oil per every 9,000 miles . ` This car uses 1 litre every 250 miles = every petrol fill up ! ' Mr Beefnah , from Colchester , Essex , claims a fault with the Audi 2011 TFSI -LRB- turbo fuel stratified injection -RRB- petrol engine is widespread and is taking the dealership to court over their failure to fix it on his car . Audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge , including Mr Beefnah 's . But he intends to keep his car parked outside Chelmsford Audi until his civil case is resolved , and is demanding £ 9,000 to cover the costs of fixing the car , which can reach speeds of 150mph . Before professionally printing the signs onto the Audi , the motorist had the claims reviewed by a solicitor before checking the legality of long-term parking outside the dealership with police . His claim follows a class action in the US , which saw Audi agree to fix 126,000 A4s , A5s and Q5 models with the oil problem . Mr Beefnah added : ` The car is going to stay there until this is sorted . ` Even if I lose the case , which I think is extremely unlikely considering the evidence , the car will stay there . ` I do n't want other drivers to have to go through what I have . ' Mr Beefnah , from Colchester , Essex , claims a fault with the Audi 2011 TFSI -LRB- turbo fuel stratified injection -RRB- petrol engine is widespread and is taking the dealership to court over their failure to fix it on his car . Audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge , including Mr Beefnah 's . An Audi UK spokesman said : ` Audi UK is wholly confident that Chelmsford Audi has made every effort to resolve the issue involving Mr Beefnah 's car in accordance with the guidelines it has set out . ` These relate to a small number of older Audi vehicles powered by the 2.0 TFSI engine which have exceeded our factory tolerance for oil usage and require rectification . Last year , following a class-action lawsuit in the US , Audi agreed to settle with motorists who complained their cars were consuming too much oil . The manufacturer settled to fix 2009-2010 Audi A4s and Audi A5s and 2011 Audi A4 , Audi A5 , and Audi Q5 with the engine code CAEB . The issue affects up to 126,000 cars . Under the settlement , Audi owners are entitled to repairs to the crankshaft of their cars . Audi will also reimburse the cost of any repairs carried out by owners of some of the vehicles . ` The majority of these cases have been resolved at no cost to the customer via our comprehensive Audi UK Warranty , and the remainder are being dealt with on a case-by-case basis with support levels based on important criteria such as the vehicle 's service history in accordance with manufacturer recommendations . ` Unfortunately we are unable to make any further comment relating to the specific detail surrounding this case due to ongoing legal proceedings involving Mr Beefnah and Chelmsford Audi . ` Whilst this is a third party dispute we have attempted to assist the parties in resolving this issue fairly , reasonably and amicably . ` As such we invite Mr Beefnah to bring his car to any Audi Centre where our technicians will rectify the claimed issue free-of-charge . ` Should any customers have any concerns , they should contact Audi Customer Services on 0800 699888 or customer.services@audi.co.uk . '