It was an idea that was never in danger of being poo-pooed . A Game Of Thrones ` super-fan ' had a fully functional toilet built for him that 's an almost-identical replica of the Iron Throne that features in the hit TV show . While the throne on the show was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath at the order of Aegon the Conqueror , the first of the Targaryen Kings , the loo version was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers for YouTube show Super Fan Builds . Scroll down for video . A loo version of the Iron Throne was built by a team of Hollywood prop makers . The Super Fan Builds team , led by master designer Tim Baker -LRB- pictured -RRB- , used jigsaws , grinders and special paint that gives wood a metallic effect . Work in progress : Baker and his team pictured assembling their toilet Iron Throne . Baker gives viewers an update on progress . It took several days for the loo to be completed . Once finished it was presented to self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi and installed in the toilet of the bar he runs in Glendale , California . The show , hosted by actress Trisha Hershberger , specialises in building one-of-a-kind items for super-fans of comics , movies and games , according to its YouTube description , and in this instance the commission was requested by Giovanazzi 's friend Chloe Dykstra . She told the show : ` He 's -LSB- Giovanazzi -RSB- a huge Game Of Thrones fan . He loves everything Game Of Thrones . He 's read all the books and marathoned the TV shows . He owns a bar called Complex , which is known for its nerd events . He 's thrown a bunch of Game Of Throne-themed parties . The recipient was self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi , who is pictured on his new loo at his bar in Glendale , California . Actor Sean Bean as Lord Eddard Stark in Game Of Thrones . ` He even has Game Of Thrones beer on tap . You guys have to do something . Something epic . Maybe an Iron Throne as a toilet . ' The Super Fan Builds team , led by master designer Tim Baker , got to work using jigsaws , grinders and special paint that gives wood a metallic effect . The result drew an appreciative ` wow ' from Giovanazzi . The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens . The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens . Pictured is Emilia Clarke in episode seven of season four .