Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U , which was found to be selling NHS patients ' details on without their knowledge . The chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling NHS patients ' data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of HBOS . A Mail investigation yesterday told how the personal details of thousands of users of Pharmacy 2U are being sold to companies that target the sick . Now we can reveal that at its helm is the disgraced banker Andy Hornby , who was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008 . Mr Hornby last night faced calls to step down from his role as non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U and was condemned for profiting from the sale of his customers ' personal data . Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society -- either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled . Others who use the NHS-approved pharmacy website used its online doctor consultations . Their details -- which included email addresses and dates of birth -- were passed on without proper consent . When Mr Hornby joined the company , the UK 's leading online pharmacy , in 2012 , it said in a statement : ` The imminent transition to electronic prescriptions across the NHS represents an exciting opportunity for Pharmacy 2U , and Andy 's insights and leadership will be of significant value . ' It is not known how much Mr Hornby -- who works two to three days a week -- is earning from the Leeds-based company , but it is thought he received a significant salary increase last year . He is also a principle shareholder . Dr Sarah Wollaston , the outgoing Tory chairman of the Commons health select committee , last night called for Mr Hornby to step down and for a criminal investigation into Pharmacy 2U . She said : ` He should be called to account for what his company is doing and issue a public statement . He needs to be made to sit down and explain why patient information is being sold on . ' She added that the health select committee should launch an inquiry into the issue after the election . Pharmacy 2U , an online prescription service , sold details including the patients ' email addresses , dates of birth and date of their last prescriptions to marketing firms . Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society -- either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled . Following the financial crash in the autumn of 2008 , a devastating report by the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards accused Mr Hornby and fellow former bosses of ` catastrophic failures ' as they presided over years of reckless lending . His current role is his third job since then . In 2011 he unexpectedly quit as £ 1million-a-year chief executive of healthcare group Alliance Boots , a move blamed on stress . Dr Sarah Wollaston , the outgoing Tory chairman of the Commons health select committee , called for Mr Hornby to step down . Four months later he became boss of Coral , a position he still holds . In 2013 , he faced calls to quit amid reports the bookmaker was set for a £ 2billion flotation . Pharmacy 2U admitted that it had sold the names and addresses of ` up to 5,000 ' patients to data company Alchemy Direct but refused to say how much it had charged . It said it had decided to stop selling the information to Alchemy and stressed no medical data had been passed on . Last night Pharmacy 2U said that Mr Hornby is ` not involved in day-to-day decisions about the running of the business ' . A spokesman added : ` We have asked the Information Commissioner 's Office to work with us to review our privacy policy and have also contacted the General Pharmaceutical Council , our industry regulator , and the NHS , to discuss this matter . ' NHS England said : ` Any breach of confidentiality is totally unacceptable . This case will be reported to the Information Commissioner and General Pharmaceutical Council and there will be an immediate investigation . '