Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC so the Top Gear Live shows can go ahead ` in good spirit ' . The global tour of the motoring show looked like it may face the axe following Clarkson 's hotel fracas with a producer over a steak dinner . The BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of Top Gear , but the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows . Scroll down for video . Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC so the Top Gear Live shows -LRB- pictured -RRB- can go ahead ` in good spirit ' BBC Worldwide , which shares ownership rights of Top Gear , feared Clarson would vent his anger at his sacking during the live shows , the Sunday People reported . But he has agreed to keep quiet on his sacking so the shows can go ahead , meaning fans who have already booked tickets , thought to number almost 100,000 , will not be disappointed . However the shows have been rebranded from Top Gear Live to Clarkson , Hammond and May Live . They will not feature any Top Gear branding , show any footage from the programmes or feature The Stig . A source said : ` Jeremy , James and Richard agreed to the terms put to them to let the shows go ahead in a good spirit . They were desperate not to let the fans down . ` Part of the deal was that neither the BBC nor the Top Gear brand would be brought into disrepute . ` Effectively this meant gagging Jeremy from mentioning what had gone on . But he agreed to comply . ' Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet on his sacking so the shows can go ahead , meaning fans who have already booked tickets will not be disappointed . The global tour of the motoring looked like it faced the axe following Clarkson 's hotel fracas with producer Oisin Tymon over a steak dinner . Clarkson , 54 , is said to be ` champing at the bit ' to get back on stage , with the next show taking place in Belfast in May . The tour will also see him travel to South Africa , Australia and Norway - where shows were cancelled while the BBC was deciding whether or not to sack the presenter . It will come to a close on November 29 at the O2 in London , with the futures of co-stars Richard Hammond and James May unclear . The pair 's faces , along with Clarkson 's , have both been removed from the top of Top Gear website . Meanwhile the two final episodes of Top Gear - which were canned after the hotel bust-up - could be made from footage shot before the controversial presenter left , but insiders say they can never be screened . The programmes are thought to show the presenters racing limousines and driving classic convertibles , but are not likely to ever see the light of day . BBC Worldwide did not comment .