The hit US TV series House of Cards features Francis Underwood , played by Kevin Spacey , and his wife Claire , played by Robin Wright . So here 's the deal . Step one : book a private dining room at Washington 's Capital Grille . Step two : invite your political enemies to lunch . Step three : ask the waiter for an extra-sharp steak knife . Lunch is never just lunch when you 're dining in the shadow of Capitol Hill . It 's an exercise in power-broking and political assassination . I 'd come to Washington to learn some tricks from House Of Cards -- the hit US political TV series starring Kevin Spacey as Francis Underwood -- on how best to neutralise your opponents . America 's capital is filled with Underwood wannabes : senators and governors with razor tongues and egos to match . The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots . With crisply starched linen , glittering candlesticks and heavy silver cutlery , the decor suggests an atmosphere of civility and restraint , while the stuffed heads of deer and bison are redolent of a New England country mansion . But there 's a subtext to those severed heads : this is a place where the hunt always ends in a kill . I 've been brought here by Alicia Malone , whose job is to sell Washington to foreign visitors . The seat of the United States Congress is in the United States Capitol , atop Capitol Hill in Washington . I ask if the city really functions as darkly as it does in House Of Cards . She swings around in her chair and points towards a closed door . ` That 's one of the private rooms , ' she says . ` And there 's a senator hosting a political lunch in there right now . ' My imagination goes into overdrive . A corrupt governor . A call-girl . A line of cocaine . If the host was Underwood , he 'd certainly be exploiting it for political gain . Much of the action in House Of Cards takes place on Capitol Hill , home to the Senate and the House of Representatives . There are tours of the vast building and it 's a good introduction to how the city ticks . My guide is Martin , a preppy student with a smile like Matt Damon 's . The Lincoln Memorial was built to honour the 16th president of the United States , Abraham Lincoln . He whisks me around the gilded splendour of the old Senate , as well as the still-functioning chamber of the new . It 's easy to forget you 're touring a working political building -- a place where senators , advisers and policy wonks battle for influence . For more than two centuries , arm-twisting and bullying has been the reality of American politics . Even the hallowed founding fathers relied on strong-arm tactics to pass legislation . As Martin spills stories of feuds and political assassinations , I realise that men like Underwood have been controlling Washington ever since the birth of America . Giles Milton pictured at the Capital Grille . Some of those early politicians -- such as the seventh President , Andrew Jackson -- were so fiery that they make the players in the TV series look like amateurs . President Jackson 's solution to every problem was to fight a duel : Martin jokes that his body was so full of lead-shot that these days he would n't get through the metal-detectors at the entrance to the Capitol building . Washington was chosen as America 's new capital in 1790 after months of haggling and compromise . The states of Maryland and Virginia each agreed to donate land in order that one small area -- the District of Columbia -LRB- DC -RRB- -- could be placed under the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress . This holds true to this day . Despite its status , the city faces a struggle to lure tourists away from New York . Yet Washington has many more public monuments than its rival , including the two biggest hits in America : the White House -LRB- tours have to be reserved in advance -RRB- and the National Mall , home to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial , the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial . The latter is a vast statue built to honour Abraham Lincoln , America 's 16th President and considered by many to have been its greatest . US president Barack Obama -LRB- left -RRB- pays for his lunch at Ben 's Chili Bowl restaurant -LRB- right -RRB- in 2009 . Every politician needs to connect with his or her voters : Frank Underwood and Barack Obama are no exception . Underwood 's way of connecting is to go to Freddy 's BBQ Joint and eat ribs . When Obama wants to connect , he heads 12 blocks north from the White House to the intersection of 14th Street and U Street . This rough-and-ready area , just below Columbia Heights , has been transformed into a popular shabby-chic district in recent years . More famously , it 's home to Ben 's Chili Bowl , an all-American burger and hot-dog joint and a favourite of Obama . You do n't come here for gastro-cuisine . Ben 's serves junk food with a spicy twist . A plastic sign proclaims it to be ` a Washington landmark ' . At 10 am it 's doing a brisk trade in chilli-dogs dripping with cholesterol -- but they certainly kick-start the morning . The Smithsonian Museum of Natural History . The main building on the National Mall contains 1.5 million square feet of space and altogether is the size of 18 football fields . Washington 's biggest draw is resolutely apolitical : the Smithsonian is one of the greatest museum complexes in the world . It has it all , from Rembrandts to rockets , along with stuffed elephants and tribal headgear . Best of all , James Smithson 's legacy decreed that all the museums established with his legacy must always be free , including the Smithsonian 's National Zoo . Sandwiched between the many museums of the Smithsonian is one of the city 's least likely attractions . The US National Archives viewed from the Smithsonian National Sculpture Garden . The National Archives is a classical beast of a building that displays an early copy of the Magna Carta -LRB- which inspired the authors of the constitution -RRB- , daguerreotypes of cowboy pioneers in the Wild West and terrifying tracts written by the Ku Klux Klan . The stars of the show are found in the Rotunda , which houses the three documents that defined America -- the Declaration of Independence , the Constitution and the Bill of Rights . Yellowing , faded and scarcely legible , they are powerfully emotive symbols of the American dream . All the hopes of early America are contained in these three pieces of parchment . ` We the People of the United States ' are the opening words of the Constitution , a text that extols the lofty principles of justice , liberty and welfare -- universally ignored by the characters in House Of Cards and , alas , by a large number of flesh-and-blood politicians . America As You Like It -LRB- americaasyoulikeit.com , 020 8742 8299 -RRB- offers four nights at the Loews Madison Hotel in Washington from £ 799 per person , including return flights from Heathrow . For further information , visit discoveramerica.com .