Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week , adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather . Photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods , Hampshire , show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected after an unseasonably warm start to the season . But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend , with forecasters warning Britons ` not to put the cagoules away just yet ' . Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground . Scroll down for video . Stunning : Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week , adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather . Joys of spring : Two dogs bound through the bluebells at Micheldever Woods , Hampshire , where temperatures will reach 14C tomorrow . Beautiful : Photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods , Hampshire , show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected . Peaceful : A young owl takes shelter in the bluebells as it waits for its mother to return -LRB- left -RRB- and the bright purple blooms blanket the ground . Balmy weather : Tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places , although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas . Change to come : Bluebells in Hampshire today . But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by showers this weekend . Tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places , although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas of the UK . There will be plenty of sunshine in England , Wales , southern Scotland and Northern Ireland , a Met Office forecaster told MailOnline . Temperatures are expected to hover in the high teens , and could climb to 21C in brighter spots of the north west of England . The exception is northern Scotland , where it thicker cloud will bring lower temperatures of roughly 14C and some patchy rain . Bikini ready : Stephanie Hughes , 24 , enjoys the sun at the Porth beach in Newquay , Cornwall , where temperatures reached 15C today . Scottish sunshine : Sixteen-month-old Maltilda Lapkiewicz , left , and her sister Lili , 4 , enjoy the sun on Portobello beach , east Edinburgh . Splashing around : Summer the dog looks happy to play fetch off Portobello beach , east Edinburgh , as Joanne Sykes , 29 enjoys a swim the sun . Sweet treat : Sinead O'Carroll and Zarah Monfatedi enjoy ice cream cones as they make the most of the warm weather on Portobello beach . Sun seekers : Barbara Haya and Gemma Galban kick off their shoes to dip their feet in the sand on Portobello beach , east Edinburgh . But the weather will start to go downhill on Friday , marking the start of what could be weeks of unsettled weather , according to the Met Office . Central and eastern areas of the UK will hold on to some sunshine until later in the day , but there will be two bands of rain bringing wet weather to other areas . The forecaster said : ` There will be a band of rain coming into the south west and another coming into the north of Scotland . The fine weather will be squeezed out from two directions . Frolicking in flowers : Nine-year-old Cally Victoria smiles with delight as she skips through a field of rapeseed near Newton Abbot , Devon . Snoozing in the sunshine : A sunbather takes a nap on Brighton Pier , left , as a woman relaxes on a deckchair on Brighton beach . Barbecue weather : A group of friends meet for lunch in the park at Brandon Hill , Bristol , where temperatures will reach 15C tomorrow . ` Showery rain is working its way south or north east , depending on where you are . Temperatures will be in the high teens , but lack of sunshine means it will feel cooler . ' Forecaster Marco Petagna said there could be a chance of hail or thunderstorms in the south over the weekend . By Saturday , the high pressure that has brought the recent good weather will have gone . Most of the country will see showers at some point over the weekend , but ` it will not be a complete washout ' . Most parts of the UK will feel noticeably cooler by Sunday , and there could even be some snow on higher grounds in Scotland by Monday , where daytime temperatures could fall to 10C . In London , temperatures are expected to be around 15C , but will feel cooler in the breeze . In full bloom : A young woman walks below blossom on trees in Brandon Park , Bristol , where temperatures reached a high of 17.6 C today . Sunbathing : Making the most of the warm spring weather , a man and a woman lie down on the grass on Brandon Hill , in Bristol , today . Picnic : A couple take a break from their country walk to enjoy lunch in a field at Downshay , Dorset , where temperatures peaked at 19.2 C . Splashes of colour : Surrounded by broom , three walkers pause to admire the scenery as they walk the Purbeck Way in Dorset . Quaint : A group of ramblers make their way into the picturesque village of Corfe Castle , Dorset , which saw temperatures of 19.2 C today . Dazzling : Blue skies were seen over the coast in Portsmouth , Hampshire , today , where people gathered to make the most of the sunshine . While this is chillier than the balmy weather we have had recently , the temperatures are not too far off the averages for this time of year . Met Office forecaster Alex Burkill said Monday will see more widespread unsettled conditions across the UK , a trend which could hold into the beginning of May . He said : ` Looking ahead , it will be windier than of late , particularly in the north . Temperatures are going to be feeling rather cold in the rain and the stronger winds . ` The theme is going to continue into May , but by the middle of May there will be some settled weather . He added : ` That is not to say we wo n't have some nice days or nice periods of sunshine at times , but we will not have prolonged periods of dry and bright weather . ' Relaxing : Two young women share a joke as they join other sun-seekers enjoying the weather on the beach at Portsmouth , Hampshire . Picture perfect : A young girl snaps a photograph of Corfe Castle , Dorset , left , as a train steams past the county 's vibrant rapeseed flower fields . Sweeping views : A family look out over the Purbeck Hills , Dorset , today . Temperatures will drop across the country this weekend . Time to think : Resting his bike on the bench behind him , one man enjoys views across Bristol from the city 's Brandon Hill this afternoon . Blossom : Trees in Bristol are in full bloom . Unsettled weather is expected to continue through the end of the month and into May . Glorious : Keeping cool in a T-shirt and jeans , a man walks past trees in the park at Brandon Hill , Bristol this afternoon .