Since marrying King Felipe of Spain in 2004 , Queen Letizia has continued to regularly up the style stakes . And the glamorous monarch put on a smart show on a visit to a conference in Barcelona in a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch . The 42-year-old was clearly dresses for spring for her visit to the science museum , CosmoCaixa . Summer shades : Spain 's Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in Barcelona . The mum-of-two -LRB- pictured right -RRB- stepped out in a striking white tailored suit with complementary nude accessories . Spain 's Queen -LRB- pictured centre -RRB- strode into science museum , CosmoCaixa , in a relaxed manner , clutching her stylish woven clutch . The mother-of-two , who delivered an address at the event , paired a chic blazer with perfectly-cut tailored trousers , which showed off her svelte figure . She kept her accessories neutral , opting for a pair of patent nude platform heels and a purse woven from fabric of varying nude shades . Make-up was simple with Letizia wearing her favourite berry shade of lipstick and her signature smoky eye . The former journalist was at the science museum attending the opening of second congress for rare childhood diseases . Outside the museum , schoolchildren and fans clamoured for her attention holding out smartphones to snap pictures . The obliging royal even took selfies , posing with groups of teenagers desperate to get the perfect picture . The 42-year-old looked calm and collected as she greeted school children outside of the museum . The style maven greeted the children and was happen to let the take images . Selfie queen : Queen Letizia was happy to oblige and feature in selfies with the school children . Once she made her way into the building , she chose to button up her tailored blazer , and cut an even more striking figure . Letizia then proceeded to showcase her involvement with the cause , and delivered a speech at the congress for rare childhood diseases . She also chatted with other major figures attending and posed for a photograph with them afterwards . The mother-of-two made her way into the conference , her white suite making a grand contrast to the other dark suits . The Queen accessorised her white suit with nude patent Mary-Janes and a woven clutch . Queen Letizia made her way to the stage to deliver a speech at the conference . The event came a few days after a recent announcement from Queen Letizia and King Felipe about a new ` La Caixa ' scholarship award ceremony in Barcelona , which was previously overseen by King Felipe 's mother Queen Sofia and his father , the former King Juan Carlos . Wearing a pair of Prada stilettos and a classic grey wool coat over a sleeveless plain black dress , Queen Letizia joined Felipe who was fresh from an official visit to Lebanon , where he met with Spanish troops deployed there . At the ceremony on Friday , students were given the scholarship to pursue graduate studies at universities around the world . Some 120 Spanish students received the awards which cover the cost of tuition and the expense of travelling to the foreign school . After her speech , the Queen posed with important figures of the 2nd congress of rare childhood diseases . The 42-year-old maintained a calm composure throughout the busy proceedings of the event .