A supporter waits the best part of an hour for five seconds with Ryan Taylor . There is a quick picture and good-luck message ahead of Sunday 's Tyne-Wear derby . He is , evidently , one of the few players genuinely respected by Newcastle 's disillusioned fans . Taylor scored the winner at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago , affording him a terrace tribute -- ` Ryan Taylor , over the wall ' -- as well as a place in black-and-white folklore . But there is more to the Toon Army 's admiration than one free-kick against the enemy . A working-class Scouser who came through the ranks at Tranmere and made 100 appearances by the time he was 21 before beating three career-threatening injuries , Taylor ` gets ' the proud principles of the North East -- appreciation , hard graft , honesty and enjoyment . He has himself been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derby defeats - he watched the other from a hotel room in America after undergoing surgery on the second of the cruciate ligament injuries which kept him out for 26 months . Newcastle utility player Ryan Taylor -LRB- right -RRB- shields the ball from Arsenal forward Danny Welbeck . Taylor scores with a superb free-kick against Sunderland to win the game 1-0 at the Stadium of Light . Taylor is congratulated by Newcastle defender Steven Taylor in the club 's last victory over Sunderland . Newcastle supported him through that long rehabilitation , something for which Taylor will always be grateful . But with his current contract at St James ' Park set to expire this summer , the 30-year-old does not know what the future holds . He would like to remain on Tyneside . He accepts , though , that this could be his final taste of the fixture which has guaranteed him lifelong worship . ` I have to be realistic , this could be my last derby , ' he told Sportsmail . ` I do n't want it to be , but that will be in my mind . So I 'm not going to let it go the way of the last four - that can not carry on . ` I 've left the stadium gutted after every one of them and I 've felt it like a fan . So we owe it to them now . ` I grew up with Liverpool and Everton , but that is n't as big because you live in the same house a lot of the time . ` So I 'll be doing everything I can personally do to make sure we 're up for it , because our performances in the last four just have n't been good enough . ' Taylor returned after more than two years of painstaking gym sessions alone for October 's 2-0 win at Manchester City in the League Cup . He was man-of-the-match and was greeted by a standing ovation in the dressing-room , where text messages from the likes of Steven Gerrard and Michael Owen awaited . Ninety minutes against the champions , however , had taken its toll . In the next game , at home to QPR , St James ' was stunned into silence when , after half an hour , a tearful Taylor sat himself on the turf clutching the same ill-fated knee . Taylor 's injury record at Newcastle has severely limited his first-team appearances over the past few years . The 30-year-old is incredibly grateful to Newcastle for sticking by him and hopes to repay them on Sunday . ` I thought to myself , ` Why me ? ' , ' he reflects . ` You start doubting whether the knee will ever be strong enough . I was thinking , ` What have I skipped ? What have I done wrong ? ' . ` Within an hour of the game I 'd had a scan and the cruciate was fine , relief is n't the word . I 'd probably got through the City game on pure adrenaline . So I think it was my body telling me just take your time . ` I wo n't lie , the fact I 'm out of contract was on my mind and I wanted to be back sooner than the three months it took . ` Every game felt like another game off my career . But we did what was right and now there are no problems at all . ` I 'll admit there were times when I thought I could n't do it and my old man just told me ` no ' . ` So when you 've had the tears and those dark days , you appreciate every minute . ' On the subject of dark days , both Newcastle and Sunderland are horribly out of form going into what has been billed as ` The Desperation Derby ' . The Black Cats could be in the relegation zone by the time kick-off arrives , while Newcastle have lost their last three under John Carver . To suffer another loss in the derby could prove unforgivable in the eyes of supporters whose last victory arrived courtesy of Taylor 's right boot in August , 2011 . ` The good thing is we 've got a cracking game now and if anything can rally us for the rest of the season then this is it , ' says Taylor , who will start at right back . ` To be on a winning team on the ground where it all started for me would make everything worthwhile , all of the hard work and long days during those two years . ` But I remember that day so well . It was my first derby . I 've played in two now and I 'm yet to lose . ` Jonas -LRB- Gutierrez -RRB- won a foul just on the corner of the box . My first Premier League goal -- for Wigan against Newcastle -- was from that exact position , so I fancied it . ` I remember seeing Simon Mignolet edging out , almost inviting me to put it in the top corner . That 's what I did . Steven Taylor tried to claim it , but he was nowhere near it . He tried to celebrate my goal by himself ! ` I knew my dad and brother were in the away end celebrating and I just thought , ` Wow . They will be having some time in there ' . Taylor is one of the most popular players at Newcastle for his consistent and hard working performances . ` Dan Gosling -- one of my best mates -- went through on goal in the last minute . Looking back , I 'm probably relieved he did n't score to make it 2-0 ! ` I did n't realise at the time how big scoring the winner was and how much I would be remembered for just one goal . ` It 'll be amazing if I 'm coming back here in 10 years ' time with my two boys and they 're still singing that song . ' Taylor adds : ` I 'll always be a Newcastle fan . This club has been brilliant with me . I could have been the forgotten man but they stuck by me . ` Now I need to show them that I can stay fit . I 've had some terrible luck , but I 'd like to think I 've got a lot left in me . ` So this final part of the season is massive for me -- I would love to stay here . ' And with that the supporter has his photo . ` What 's going to happen on Sunday ? ' Taylor is asked . ' 1-0 . Ryan Taylor . Over the wall , ' he laughs . You can see why they like him in these parts . Taylor is out of contract at the end of the season and admits he does not know what the future has in store .