A Chinese man recovering in hospital after a car crash had a shock - when all 17 of his girlfriends turned up to see him . Mr Yuan , from Changsha , was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since . None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him . The women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them to let them know he had been injured . A Chinese man recovering in hospital after a car crash had a shock - when all 17 of his girlfriends turned up to see him -LRB- above -RRB- . Xiao Li , who had been seeing Mr Yuan for 18 months , said : ` I was really worried when I heard that he was in hospital . ` But when I started seeing more and more beautiful girls show up , I could n't cry any more . ' Other girls said they had started planning their weddings with Mr Yuan . Wang Fang , the mother of his son , added : ` What can I do now ? I do n't love him any more , but I do love my son . ' The women have now set up an online Facebook group so they can all chat and are quickly discovering just how much he hid from them , South China Morning Post reported . The story has attracted a lot of attention on social media , with some condemning Mr Yuan 's actions and others expressing admiration . The story has attracted a lot of attention on social media , with some condemning Mr Yuan 's actions and others expressing admiration . One user with the handle @shusshshussh wrote on Twitter : ` What we can learn from Mr Yuan of China with 17 girlfriends is that : players should NOT get into accidents & allow hospital visits . ' @J_Rain26 simply asked : ` How does one manage to have 17 girlfriends ? ' And one user known just as Shan said : ` Salute this man RT : Man 's 17 girlfriends respond when he gets in car accident #awkward . ' Police have launched an investigation into allegations of fraud . It is too early to say if the girlfriends were victims of a scam , officials added .