A racegoer has been questioned by police after he was seen on video deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor , who then needed to be taken to hospital . The man , who is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying after the day at the races in Aintree , barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards and falls to the floor in the middle of the road . The 34-year-old man , dressed in a suit , then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim who was left lying on the floor . Scroll down for video . An Aintree racegoer is seen staggering towards an elderly man , before he barges into him and knocks him onto the floor into a road , leaving the man injured and lying on the floor as he walks off . He was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face . Merseyside Police said the 34-year-old from Formby in Sefton came forward to police late last night and he was interviewed under caution about the alleged assault . He was released this morning pending further inquiries . The man was named on social media as a manager called Terry . Philip Dears , who took the video , posted on Facebook today : ` I have a 2 minute long video of my mate Terry drunk walking home from the races on Thursday , during which he staggers and accidentally bumps into an old man . The man falls and I 'm filming the whole situation trying not to laugh . ` When I realise the seriousness of the situation the phone goes off , the laughing stops and I check on the old man , he is hurt on the floor but is being seen to by stewards awaiting medical attention . I turned my attention to Terry and wanted to make sure he gets home safety . ' In the post Mr Dears said he and his wife phoned the hospital to check on the elderly man 's condition . He also claims the video , which appears on YouTube , has been edited to make it appear the old man was deliberately targeted when this was not the case . The man stumbles backwards and falls , as the video is filmed by a sniggering friend of the alleged perpetrator . He added : ` When you see the video you will see this is a total accidental collision , it 's important people get this truth because a lot of people are very upset and I can see why because it looks like a malicious , cowardly attack but this is far from the reality of the situation . ' The footage was brought to the attention of officers by members of the public who had shared it online . Police established the mobile phone footage , shot by a friend of the 34-year-old , was taken outside the racecourse on Thursday evening at about 7 pm . He shouts to him ` text bomb ' and ` is there any need ? ' moments before the incident happens as he sniggers uncontrollably from behind his phone . In the video , onlookers can be heard gasping in shock and seen rushing to the man 's aid before calling for an ambulance . Officers said the man who was knocked to the floor is from Skelmersdale in West Lancashire . People have expressed their shock at the video . The 63-year-old man is seen standing on the pavement before the other man barges into him and knocks him . He becomes unsteady on his feet from the impact and begins to stumble , before he tumbles backwards . Gasps can be heard on the mobile phone footage as members of the public rush to help the injured man . Paul Hardman wrote : ` That video of the old man at Aintree makes me sick to the stomach . Some absolute scum in this world . ' Others labelled his behaviour ` disgusting ' and ` vile . ' Hayley Wills added : ` Hope that horrible man that knocked over the old chap at Aintree gets what he deserves , as well as the sick person that filmed it . ' Merseyside Police earlier thanked visitors for making the annual race ` such a safe and enjoyable occasion ' and said no arrests were made inside the ground over the three days . An online crowdfunding page has been set up to help the injured man.Concerned wellwishers have already raised £ 345 to help the pensioner with his recovery after Joanne Dickson saw Gary 's response and launched the fundraising campaign . Page owner Joanne said : ` Most of us tonight have watched the horrible video of the gentleman being knocked to the ground . ` I 'm hoping we can raise enough to maybe help him replace his teeth and his phone . ` I do n't know the gentleman , I would just like him to know that most decent people are disgusted that , even if the knock was an accident , that no remorse was shown . '