The mailman who landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol this week to protest campaign finance laws has returned home . Doug Hughes , 61 , spent two years planning his stunt , which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress . Now under arrest , he has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin , Florida , where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington , D.C. , next month . He is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10 am on Monday to register with a probation officer . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . House arrest : Doug Hughes , 61 , is home in Ruskin , Florida , for his house arrest as he awaits his court date . After a series of interviews , the Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes ' wife Alena , who claims she was not aware of the plan . Under interrogation , Mrs Hughes told officers her husband said he was going to Virginia but did not elaborate . The family 's attorney Paul Carr told WTPO the saga has been a strain on Mrs Hughes and the couple 's 12-year-old daughter . ` After this morning when -LSB- Alena -RSB- found out she would not be facing any charges , that was a great relief for her , ' Carr told the station . ` She knew he was going to leave and indicated he was going to Virginia . ' Earlier this week , following the stunt on Wednesday , Mrs Hughes defended her husband as a ` patriot ' . ` From the public point of view this is very brave , ' Mrs Hughes told WFLA . ` I think he 's patriot and I 'm proud of him . ' However , Mr Hughes , who is charged with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft , was asked by the Associated Press if he defined himself as a patriot : he said , ` no I 'm a mailman . ' The mailman has received support on both Facebook and Twitter for the stunt . The 61-year-old even has a fan page on Facebook called ` Doug Hughes is awesome ' and many Twitter users have riddled the social media site with kudos for the man . Patriot : Hughes ' wife , Alena Hughes -LRB- photographed -RRB- , said she is proud of her husband and said he is a ` patriot ' Land : After more than two years of planning , Hughes made it through restricted airspace in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters and landed the aircraft on the Capitol lawn -LRB- photographed -RRB- . Charged : Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged Thursday with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft . While , Mrs Hughes says she is proud of her husband and will ` support him no matter what ' the Belarus native told NBC that the days following the incident have been ` stressful . ' She said that she has not slept much since her husband 's stunt and felt betrayed because if something had happened to Hughes it would have affected their family . She and Hughes have a 12-year-old daughter and Hughes has adult children from a previous marriage . Mrs Hughes struggled to describe the situation to the child and told the 12-year-old that her father ` loves his country . ' Mr and Mrs Hughes have been married for thirteen years . After meeting online , the two went on a few dates in Moscow and St. Petersburg in Russia . Mrs Hughes moved to the U.S. in 2002 and the two got married . Mrs Hughes said she knew that Doug was interested in politics but had no idea of his risky plan when he bought the gyrocopter two years ago . She told WFLA that she was sure Hughes was n't doing anything wrong . Struggle : Mrs Hughes struggled to describe the situation to their 12-year-old daughter . Lawyer : Mrs Hughes said her husband had his own lawyer in Washington , but she has hired an attorney , Paul Carr , in Florida to represent her . Mrs Hughes said her husband had his own lawyer in Washington , but she has hired an attorney , Paul Carr , in Florida to represent her . ` After discussing the situation with her , I did n't see any criminal intent , ' Carr said . ` In fact , there 's a lot of people that would like to approach Congress . ' Hughes ' stunt raised security concerns as lawmakers said the incident exposed a security gap . The concerns were raised further amid revelations that Hughes was interviewed by the Secret Service almost two years ago and revealed his plan for the stunt to both the Tampa Bay Times -- which has recently come under fire for failing to stop the stunt -- and in a 2013 blog post .