Actress Jemima Kirke has revealed details about her experience with abortion , admitting that she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure . The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights , an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom , in the hopes that her story will help to encourage women to be more open and honest about the taboo topic . ` In 2007 I became pregnant with my boyfriend at the time , ' she says in the video , which appears on the website for the center 's Draw the Line campaign . ` My life just was n't conducive to raising a happy , healthy child . I just did n't think it was fair . So I decided to get an abortion , and I went to Planned Parenthood . ' Scroll down for video . Abortion advocate : Girls actress Jemima Kirke , 29 , spoke out about her abortion in a new PSA for the Center for Reproductive Rights . Costly procedure : Jemima says she needed her boyfriend 's help to pay for the procedure , and even then she could not afford anesthesia . While she was able to easily access the local clinic in Providence , Rhode Island , where she went to school , Jemima says she faced numerous other hurdles to obtain her legal abortion . ` Because I could n't tell my mother that I was pregnant , I had to pay for it out of pocket , ' she explains . ` I did have to like , empty my checking account , what I had in there , and get some from my boyfriend . ` I realized that if I did n't take the anesthesia , I would be able to afford to do this . The anesthesia was n't that much more , but when you 're scrounging for however many hundreds of dollars , it is a lot . I just did n't have it . ' Jemima says that it 's obstacles like these that have made her want to speak out publicly about reproductive rights . ' -LSB- Abortions are -RSB- not completely unavailable , and that 's the tricky part , ' she says . ` We do have free choice , we are able to do whatever we want , but then there are these little hoops we have to jump through to get them . ' Speaking out : The actress says getting an abortion was the right decision for her at the time , and she has since given birth to a daughter named Rafella Israel Mosberg . It is not the first time that Jemima has used her own experience in order to raise awareness about abortions ; in a 2012 episode of HBO series Girls , Jemima 's character Jessa had a pregnancy scare and booked herself in for an abortion . While she eventually realized that she was n't actually pregnant , the episode touched on some of the scarier realities that many young women have to face when placed in a similar situation . In reality , women have to jump through numerous ` hoops ' before they can undergo the procedure , including lack of health insurance coverage for abortion , legal impediments , and limited access to facilities that offer the procedure in some states . According to the Guttmacher Institue , 33 per cent of women who obtained abortions in 2008 did not have health insurance ; of the 66 per cent of women who did have health insurance , 57 per cent paid for the procedure out of pocket . There are difficulties even for women who can afford to pay ; from 2011 to 2013 , more laws restricting abortion were passed than during the entire previous decade , including gestational limits , state-mandating counseling , and waiting periods . Bold show : In the first season of Girls , Jemima 's character Jessa schedules an abortion but does n't go through with it ; her character later has a miscarriage . Similar storyline : In 2012 , 858,000 viewers tuned in to watch the episode of Girls in which Jessa plans to get an abortion . The actress adds that the stigma that still exists concerning abortion has made her more vocal about the subject , and she has never shied away from discussing her own experiences . ` I 've always felt that reproductive issues should be something that women , especially , should be able to talk about freely , ' she says . ` I have always been open about my stories . ' Jemima is also concerned about the reproductive rights of her children -- she has an 8-year-old step-daughter and a 4-year-old daughter with her husband , lawyer Michael Mosberg . ` I would love if when they 're older , in their teens or their twenties , that the political issues surrounding their bodies were not there anymore , ' she said . ` I would hate to see them having to fight for rights over their bodies . '