As America 's elite crime investigators they are more used to tackling crime . But now FBI agents have been told they have to new enemy to battle -- calories . Expanding waistlines and lack of mobility for many agents has led to the introduction of a compulsory fitness tests . Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review and could lead to being moved from assignments that involve physical activity . Compulsory fitness tests have been introduced for all FBI agents following fears over expanding waistlines . FBI chief James Coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness . He said the force depends on its agents ability to ` run , fight and shoot ' . Coney also said he wants the people to take one look at an agent think ` there goes a special agent of the FBI ' rather than a derogatory remark about being overweight . Police in America are often parodied for their love of doughnuts and few forces have any weight restrictions . New recruits to the FBI have to take a physical test but for the last 16 years have not had to undergo any other fitness exam . As part of the annual test agents aged under 30 will have to run a mile in twelve and half minutes and sprint 300 metres in 59 seconds . They will also have to perform 24 push ups without stopping and 35 sit ups in a minute . Some agents have complained about the five minute break between the exercises as they struggle to catch their breath . FBI chief James Coney said the force depends on its agents ' ability to ` run , fight and shoot ' Older agents are given slightly longer times to perform the tests . A man in his 50s is allowed 15.14 m for the mile run and 83 seconds for the sprint . The Federal Bureau of Investigation 's 12,000 female agents must also take the test . According to the New York Times , who obtained an internal memo from Coney about the fitness tests , few agents have rushed to meet the October deadline to complete the physical . In the Washington DC office only 75 out of the 800 agents have taken the test . The introduction of the tests comes as America is grappling with an obesity problem with a third of adults deemed obese or overweight . Figures from the Centre for Disease Control and Prevention show that almost 80million adults are obese and the cause of death of more than 120,000 people a year . First Lady Michelle Obama has been at the forefront of tackling child obesity with a nationwide ` Let 's Move ' campaign urging children to get more exercise . The cost to the health care system treating people with illness caused by overeating such as strokes and heart attacks has been put at $ 98billion a year . The concern about the fitness of FBI agents began after the 9/11 terror attacks when the agency switched its main mission from catching criminals to fighting terrorism . Rather than taking part in arrests , often involving chasing criminals , they would spend hours sat behind a desk . Much of their work now involves cyber crime and intelligence gathering which mostly involves desk work and little exercise . ` You could see that health and fitness were not the priority it used to be , ' said Zachary Lowe , the chief of physical instruction at the FBI HQ in Quantico , Virginia . Much of the FBI 's work now involves cyber crime and intelligence gathering which mostly involves desk work and little exercise - hence the new drive to get fit . FBI chief Comey , who took over in 2013 , discovered on touring field offices that morale was low . He also notes that many agents did n't look as if they would be able to pass the physical exam they had taken on joining the force . His new regime has led to many calling the agency the ` Fit Bureau of Investigation . ' J Edgar Hoover , the famed first director of the FBI , had made fitness tests compulsory while he was in charge . Its current director said the lives of people they protect depend on agents fitness and health and they were symbols of what is ` right and good ' about the US . He said : ` The lives of your colleagues and those you protect may well depend upon your ability to run , fight and shoot , no matter what job you hold . ` I want you to look like the squared away object of that reverence . I want the American people to be able to take one glance at you and think `` THERE is a special agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation '' . '