Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane 's east of more than 20 years after slashing over $ 100,000 off the asking price to pocket $ 1.14 million . The tropical Queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago , when they snagged the Norman Crescent property for $ 384,000 in December 1994 . The house was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck , who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica . Scroll down for video . The two-storey property is a striking Queenslander , aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling . Former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and wife Therese Rein leave their home in Brisbane in 2013 , whilst their son Nicholas -LRB- far right -RRB- was photographed outside the property in 2012 . The pool is also perfect for hours of enjoyment . It is a tranquil settinhg , surrounded by palms and vines and ornate rocks , ensuring the home has a luxurious resort-feel . The house has a history of encouraging bargains , as the Rudd 's paid $ 116,000 less than Irene and Nicholas Kassos who paid $ 500,000 just five months before the Rudd 's did in 1994 , reported news.com.au . There is no doubt that the home belonged to Kevin Rudd , as it features a kangaroo and emu emblem in pride of place on the veranda 's lattice - twice . The polished but warm home is the place the former Prime Minister and his wife Therese Rein raised their three children , Jessica , Marcus and Nicholas . ` Sad to farewell our family home after 20 years as K & I get some more Sunny Coast sand between the toes . : -rrb- Hope a new family loves it too , ' Therese Rein announced on Twitter . It 's white , bright and airy , with weatherboard cladding in the living spaces and bedrooms . The bedrooms also have beautiful french doors leading out onto the patio . The modern kitchen has grey marble bench tops and state of the art appliances . There is an island bench and beautiful wooden and glass cupboards . To ensure there is no doubt this tropical Queenslander home belongs to Kevin Rudd , a kangaroo and emu emblem has pride of place on the veranda 's lattice - twice . The city sanctuary is a breath of fresh air , with a stunning garden surrounding the home , filled with lush green ferns , beautiful old trees and tropical palms . It appears in photographs and for inspections without styling , meaning the furnishings and decorations are exactly as chosen and enjoyed by the Rudd family . The property is an understated but nonetheless stunning home which is perfect for a family , young or old . It is a classic colonial home with the warmth of a country property yet the convenience of its proximity to the city , schools and public transport , including the CityCat and ferry services . The two-storey property is a striking Queenslander , aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features . The bathroom is fascinating , with yellow , green and red glass mosaic doors complete with the word ` Bathroom ' and an image of a bird . The spacious home has extra high ceilings , fresh wooden panel walls and original hoop pine polished floors throughout . Downstairs is a sprawling rumpus room ; a perfect retreat to fill with couches , toys and allow for fun , messy , carefree play - or for teens to retreat with the TV and friends . The extra private home has a north-east facing wraparound balcony on the upper level and a corrugated iron roof - a calming space for a busy PM overlooking the lush surroundings . The spacious home has extra high ceilings , fresh wooden panel walls and original hoop pine polished floors throughout . It 's white , bright and airy , with weatherboard cladding in the living spaces and bedrooms . The bedrooms also have beautiful french doors leading out onto the patio . There is a sunny living room , filled with light due to the windows which line the room . It is filled with the Rudds ' couches and is clearly spacious enough to welcome a plenty of dignitaries ! The modern kitchen has grey marble benchtops and state of the art appliances . There is an island bench and beautiful wooden and glass cupboards . The bathroom is fascinating , with yellow , green and red glass mosaic doors complete with the word ` Bathroom ' and an image of a bird . The bathroom has green and white checkerboard tiles , a standalone bathtub and a timber vanity . There is a sunny living room , filled with light due to the windows which line the room . It is filled with the Rudds ' couches and is clearly spacious enough to welcome a plenty of dignitaries ! The five-bedroom home is perfect for any family , with its white , bright and airy rooms , with wooden panelling . The bedrooms also have beautiful french doors leading out onto the patio . Best of all , the home is a perfect place for children to explore and teenagers to enjoy on an 802-square-metre block . Downstairs is a sprawling rumpus room ; a perfect retreat to fill with couches , toys and allow for fun , messy , carefree play . The pool is also perfect for hours of enjoyment . It is a tranquil settinhg , surrounded by palms and vines and ornate rocks , ensuring the home has a luxurious resort-feel . The Rudd family say the property will be ` sadly missed ' after over 20 years of memories . In November last year they sold a nearby site , also in Norman Park , where they had once planned to build their dream home . The block alone cost $ 1.4 million in 2011 . The Rudds were also disappointed when they sold the building block , which overlooks the city and the river , at a significant loss for just $ 1,751,000 . The couple will now make what they called their ` other home ' their base - a luxury property in Noosa just a stone 's throw to some of Australia 's most breathtaking beaches . The high ceiling , polished floorboards and beautiful glass mosaic around the front door offer a warm welcome to the Rudd home . The Rudd family say the property will be ` sadly missed ' after 20 years of memories . They will now make their luxury Noosa home their base .