Small , brown and infinitely snackable , the almond seems so inoffensive . And yet just as this latest health food is supposed to be transforming our lives , battling high cholesterol and heart attacks , it is having a ruinous effect on the planet . The nut that frequently appears in the Bible as a symbol of fruitfulness and promise has been dubbed ` the Devil 's nut ' , pinpointed as the chief culprit in an eco-disaster that is developing in California . The so-called Golden State is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year . Although it 's tempting to blame all those irresponsible Californians filling their huge swimming pools and watering their lawns with abandon , domestic water consumption is dwarfed by that of agriculture . Bone dry : A Californian farmer is pictured surveying his drought-hit land in San Luis Obispo County . The state has long been one of the world 's biggest producers of fruit and vegetables -- for profit-hungry farmers , its year-round sunshine more than outweighs the obvious drawback that it hardly ever rains there . Californian farmers have been allowed to hog dwindling supplies of water , digging ever-deeper bore holes to keep the rest of us stocked up with all-year-round peaches , sweet peppers and pistachios . And all would still have been fine if it had n't been for the addition of almonds . The trouble is , global demand for the nut is soaring -- as customers from David Cameron to millions of middle-class Chinese develop a passion for almond-based foods . The Prime Minister is said to splash almond milk on his breakfast cereal and in his tea . And it almost certainly comes from California . Attracted by the huge profits being made from a crop that is hardly cheap , California farmers now satisfy 84 per cent of the world 's almond demand . Worth £ 3.8 billion in 2013 , almonds have become California 's second biggest agricultural commodity after milk , as demand has exploded by 1,000 per cent in a decade . The problem is that almonds guzzle water on a monumental scale . It has been calculated that it takes 1.1 gallons of water to grow a single almond . Worse , they need water all the year round , so almond trees must be watered even when they are not producing . Dry days : Homes with swimming pools are seen in the Palm Springs area , California , as the state enters its fourth year of severe drought . Since almond trees cover almost a million acres of California -LRB- about the size of Cornwall -RRB- -- many of them on previously virgin hillsides or in areas with little or no rain -- that 's a lot of H2O being sucked up to satisfy our almond craving . In total , almonds are annually consuming 1.07 trillion gallons of water in the state -- a fifth more than the entire indoor water usage of all 39 million Californians . All of which is slightly problematic , given that two-thirds of California is classified as being in ` extreme drought ' , as the region suffers its driest conditions for 1,200 years . U.S. government weather experts are talking about a mega-drought that could last for decades . The state 's governor , Jerry Brown , last month ordered cities and towns to slash their water consumption by at least a quarter and by as much as 35 per cent in some urban areas . Residents have been told to take shorter showers and to stop watering their lawns . Owners of swimming pools -- the icon of the California lifestyle -- are being banned from filling them in some neighbourhoods . But the governor 's decision to exempt farms from his draconian measure has infuriated voters , who quickly identified who was really to blame . One TV station has talked about ` almond shaming ' , while the Los Angeles Times outed them as the ` villains ' of the super-drought . Some almond farmers have tried to shift the blame . ` The tomato growers use a lot more water than we do , ' says one , Ryon Paton , but no one believes him . Almonds are high in potassium , calcium , vitamin E and magnesium , and are thought to reduce cholesterol and decrease hunger without leading to weight gain . The hunt is on for celebrity almond investors , amid reports that both Oprah Winfrey and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice are making huge sums from almond farms . Almond farmers are also fighting among themselves . Smaller growers are blaming the big companies moving into the market , saying they are growing almonds in areas that are too dry for the trees . Because farmers have to irrigate almond trees continuously , they are using groundwater -- the underground water that feeds aquifers and theoretically provides the state 's emergency reserves . Groundwater supplies have been shrinking for decades , but the mega-rich , big almond growers can afford to sink bore holes more than 100ft to find the precious liquid . So is the state of California , birthplace of Sixties ' hippy values , rushing to root up almond groves and rescue its corner of the planet ? Quite the opposite . In America , dollar signs are everything . A recent government survey found that 77 per cent of California almond farmers plan to plant more trees . They have the support of the state 's leaders who get vast sums in taxes from such a high-value crop . Paul Wenger , head of the California Farm Bureau , says any talk of curbing almond growing ` gets to be kind of un-American . It 's a free country and they have the right to do what they want ' . Unlike cows ' milk , almond milk -- which is made from ground nuts and water -- has no cholesterol or lactose , and being a plant food , it is often consumed by vegans , vegetarians , and others forgoing dairy . California has been bingeing on water for decades , building homes in arid areas that should n't be inhabited -- as their owners discover when they are engulfed in bushfires . Farming is governed by the same ` who cares ' attitude . America has vast amounts of rich agricultural land in god-forsaken states like Iowa , but California has a Mediterranean climate that 's ideal for high-profit crops like almonds . If Californians wo n't save themselves , an obvious solution is for everyone else to stop buying their almonds . But weaning ourselves off something hailed a ` miracle food ' could be tough . The average American snacks on 2 lb of almonds a year . Britain is catching up fast . UK almond milk sales are soaring at a rate of 70-80 per cent a year as shoppers opt for a dairy-free alternative that they believe is healthier for your heart and the perfect solution to the growing prevalence of lactose intolerance . Last year , Sainsbury 's reported its sales were up by 181 per cent year-on-year . A study in the British Medical Journal even challenged the ` benefit ' of dairy milk , saying it not only fails to prevent bone fractures but may double the risk of early death . For almond milk producers there could be no better sales pitch . But do the PM and his trendy friends know it takes 23 gallons of water to produce a glass of almond milk ? The Prime Minister is said to splash almond milk on his breakfast cereal and in his tea . And it almost certainly comes from California . Nutrition experts see the almond as meeting an increasing demand for a natural , low-calorie and high-protein food that tastes more pleasant than that old health shop stalwart , soya . It 's more versatile , too -- almond butter can be spread on toast like peanut butter , ground into flour and nibbled as a snack . Nuts may have a reputation as being fattening but almond fans say they are packed with antioxidants and healthy fats that help modulate blood sugar and reduce hunger . The list of reputed benefits goes on and on . Perhaps it is not surprising , given that almonds are mentioned in the Book of Genesis as ` among the best of fruits ' . The rod of Aaron -- brother of Moses -- supposedly brought forth fragrant almond flowers . But if there 's a smell in the air in California , it is the stench of greed -- as America 's most self-indulgent state pours away its fast-vanishing water to feed a global obsession with a humble nut .