Leonardo Jardim believes Monaco 's march to the Champions League quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve European success . Four years have passed since Dmitry Rybolovlev 's takeover prompted a slew of big-name arrivals at the Stade Louis II , with the likes of Radamel Falcao , James Rodriguez and Joao Moutinho signed for hefty transfer fees . But the Russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons and , with most of Monaco 's expensive signings subsequently moving on , Jardim has been forced to nurture young talent after finding his options in the transfer market somewhat restricted . Leonardo Jardim says Monaco 's performance in the Champions League shows you do n't need to buy big . Monaco 's new-found financial prudence is beginning to yield results , however , with Les Rouges et Blancs third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals of European football 's premier club competition for the first time in 11 years . The principality club host Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday looking to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the quarter-final first leg and Jardim , who replaced Claudio Ranieri last June , is proud of what he has achieved in his 10 months at the helm . ` We went from the worst qualified team in the fourth pot , to winning the group , to knocking out a European giant in Arsenal -LRB- in the last 16 -RRB- , ' he told BeIN Sports ' The Ligue 1 Show . ` Right now , you could say that Monaco 's coach is very proud of his players . We 've shown that we do n't need to make big investments to go far in this competition . The days of the French club signing big names like James Rodriguez -LRB- left -RRB- and Radamel Falcao are over . ` The club changed its strategy and the project -LRB- in the summer -RRB- . They have stayed ambitious but the onus was placed more on the development of young players . ' Jardim 's young guns will have to be on top form if they are to advance to the semi-finals past a Juventus side 15 points clear at the top of the Serie A standings and well poised after Arturo Vidal 's spot-kick winner in Turin last Tuesday . Juve are bidding to reach their first Champions League semi-final for 12 years and boss Massimiliano Allegri is taking nothing for granted ahead of Wednesday 's encounter . Arturo Vidal -LRB- left -RRB- scored the only goal from the penalty spot to put Juventus in the ascendency . Luca Marrone -LRB- from left -RRB- , Giorgio Chiellini and Andrea Barzagli take part in a training session . ` The clean sheet at home gives us a slight advantage , even though it wo n't be straightforward , ' he told his club 's official website . ` We now know our opposition : they 're very well organised in defence and possess technique and physicality in forward areas . ` I 'm optimistic , even though we know we 'll have to put in a good performance and score to reach the next round . They 're a complicated side to play against . Monaco do n't give you an inch out there . ' Monaco will be without striker Lacina Traore and midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko , who are both nursing leg injuries . Juventus are without midfielder Paul Pogba -LRB- hamstring -RRB- and defender Martin Caceres -LRB- ankle -RRB- . Juventus ' coach Massimiliano Allegri -LRB- centre -RRB- knows his side need to be wary over the French side . Andrea Pirlo -LRB- centre left -RRB- leads some of his team-mates on a jog during the training session . Carlos Tevez has been in fine form for the Italian side and will need to be at the top of his game on Wednesday .