As Jose Mourinho led an angry touchline delegation in pursuit of fourth official Lee Mason , the entire section of Arsenal supporters who sit behind the visitors ' bench climbed to their feet to hurl their abuse . As they settled back into their seats , the rest of the Emirates Stadium exploded into verse about Mourinho , with advice as to where he should go . The Chelsea manager and his assistant Steve Holland had been complaining about the charge from goal by goalkeeper David Ospina which flattened Oscar in the first half , but which was not adjudged to be a foul . Cesc Fabregas returned to Emirates Stadium for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011 . Francis Coquelin of Arsenal evades Fabregas of Chelsea during the 0-0 draw at Emirates Stadium on Sunday . Every Fabregas touch was booed as he operated in the first half in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic . Fabregas - without his mask on - swaps shirts and salutes the Emirates crowd at full time . The pass to Oscar had been wonderfully delivered by Cesc Fabregas , masked villain of the day in this North London postcode , having the temerity to return in blue nearly four years after agitating to leave Arsenal for Barcelona . Every Fabregas touch was booed . And he did n't hide . He was influential , operating in the first half in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic , from where he is often more creative , before moving forward after the break into a No. 10 role -LRB- and removing the protective mask -RRB- . There were a lot of touches and a lot of boos . He rarely misplaced a pass but when he did the home crowd cheered . And no cheer was louder than the one when referee Michael Oliver booked him for a dive . It might not , in fact , have been a dive . Santi Cazorla and Fabregas collided knee-to-knee but the Chelsea midfielder also trailed a leg in search of contact more definite and made the it all seem a little too contrived . Oliver was on the spot . So much so that a split-second earlier , he had made a better effort than Cazorla at winning the ball . The referee ruled in Arsenal 's favour , and this proved a very popular decision . There was a rare energy about the Emirates and noise levels not normally associated with the stadium . Make no mistake , this one mattered to those in red . It mattered beyond the confines of the 90 minutes and the points won and lost in what remains of this title race . It was about next season . How close are Arsene Wenger 's team to challenging Chelsea for the title ? Can they alter the balance of power in the capital ? Can they close the gap at the top of the Barclays Premier League ? Of course there were a couple of hate-figures in the vicinity . Animosity levels were up but Arsenal have been brilliant since the turn of the year , with one notable exception , and this was an opportunity to make a statement . Chelsea midfielder Oscar had to be replaced at half-time after a painful-looking collision with David Ospina . Arsene Wenger -LRB- left -RRB- has not beaten Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho -LRB- right -RRB- in 13 games as the hoodoo continues . Santi Cazorla of Arsenal reacts after a missed chance during his side 's 0-0 draw with Chelsea . It was time to get over the players they did n't sign and get behind those they did . Mourinho showed respect to Alexis Sanchez by starting with Ramires wide on the right to offer defensive cover and limiting Branislav Ivanovic 's involvement as an attacking force , preferring the muscular Serb to mind the Chilean . There were flashes of what Arsenal do well and supporters rejoiced in flourishes , like a back-heel or two by Aaron Ramsey or a sliver of skill from Mesut Ozil , but they could not beat Thibaut Courtois . Arsenal fans sang : ` Boring Boring Chelsea ' when they failed to penetrate , and the jeers for Fabregas were transformed into applause when he was substituted in the last minute . By then the game seemed destined to end goalless . Chelsea , had reverted to the six-man defensive shield at half-time by dropping Ramires deeper , and finished the game with centre-half Kurt Zouma also in central midfield . Mourinho was determined to leave with the clean sheet he came for and , left the more satisfied of the two managers . They remain on course for the title and celebrated at the final whistle . Wenger , meanwhile , can not crack the Jose-hoodoo . There is work to do in the summer if this gap is to be closed . Fabregas of Chelsea appeals as he is booked by referee Michael Oliver on his first return to Arsenal . Fabregas struggled to settle at La Liga giants Barcelona and signed for Chelsea last summer . Arsenal players mark the upcoming anniversary of the Bradford City fire disaster with a minutes silence .