A monster 50-foot sperm whale found washed ashore in California is attracting dozens of camera-wielding tourists while experts decide what to do with the carcass . The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday . On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died . It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years , a spokeswoman for the Marine Mammal Center said . Officials say it 's not immediately clear would be done with the decomposing carcass after the examination . In the meantime , people have been spotted photographing the animal and even stopping to touch it . Scroll down for video . Unexpected arrival : The carcass of a 50-foot sperm whale has washed ashore at a beach just south of San Francisco . Local attraction : Biologists and veterinarians arrived to the beach in Pacifica to examine the decomposing remains , believed to be an emaciated adult male , early Wednesday . Rare occurrence : The animal is one of 17 dead sperm whales to beach along the North Coast of California over the 40 years that the California Academy of Sciences , has been handling such cases , a spokeswoman said . In January , a rare pygmy sperm whale died after beaching itself in Point Reyes . Investigators said it had likely gotten sick and was too weak to swim . The San Francisco Chronicle reports the decomposing carcass , believed to be an emaciated adult male , washed up sometime Tuesday . Whales , in general , are at risk in the waters where they live . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has asked San Francisco Bay Area boaters to watch out for and steer clear of whales , which migrate into the San Francisco Bay Area in large numbers during the spring and summer . Gray whales are at a particularly high risk of collisions with ships and boats , as they often travel near shore and may even wander into the bay this time of year , the administration reports . Boaters should not approach within 100 yards of any whale , cut across a whale 's path , make sudden speed or directional changes or get between a whale cow and her calf . Aerial view : People have been spotted photographing the animal and even stopping to touch it . All hands on deck : Officials say it 's not immediately clear would be done with the carcass after the examination . Potential hazard : The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has asked San Francisco Bay Area boaters to watch out for and steer clear of whales , which migrate into the San Francisco Bay Area in large numbers during the spring and summer . Tough-skinned : Gray whales are at a particularly high risk of collisions with ships and boats , as they often travel near shore and may even wander into the bay this time of year , the administration reports .