A fireman who owned a flat in which five members of the same family were murdered in an arson attack -- including three children under five -- has been charged with their manslaughter through gross negligence . Jay Liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno at a block of flats in Prestatyn , North Wales . His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers , 20 , her partner Liam Timbrell , 23 , their baby Charlie , 15 months , Miss Shiers 's nephew Bailey , four , and niece Skye , two , were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat owned by Liptrot . Charged : Jay Liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno at a block of flats in Prestatyn , North Wales . Pictured , the fire-damaged front room after the arson attack . Victims : His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers , 20 , her partner Liam Timbrell , 23 , their baby Charlie , 15 months , Miss Shiers 's nephew Bailey , four , right , and niece Skye , two , left , were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat . Melanie Smith , 45 , a neighbour of the victims , was jailed for life for murdering the family . The jobless alcoholic set fire to a pushchair in October 2012 because she was fed up with it being left outside her door . Liptrot , who then owned 12 properties in Prestatyn , gave evidence at Smith 's trial at Mold Crown Court . The jury heard there were battery-operated smoke alarms in the flat , but the windows did not open wide enough for anyone to climb out -- and the only other means of escape was through the front door . Yesterday , Liptrot was bailed after appearing at Prestatyn Magistrates ' Court charged with five counts of manslaughter . He indicated that he would plead not guilty when his trial begins at Mold Crown Court on Friday . Sentenced : Jobless alcoholic Melanie Smith , 45 , left , a neighbour of the victims , was jailed for life for murdering the family . Right , the entrance door which was damaged in the arson attack . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .