The White House , sensing a legislative defeat was nigh , today said President Barack Obama would be willing to meet Congress half way and sign legislation codifying its role in processing a nuclear deal with Iran if a Senate committee axed key portions of the bill during a formal review this afternoon . Senators later voted 19-0 to give the White House some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran that the White House earlier implied may have been on the chopping block . It now goes to the full Senate , where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers . The House 's top vote counter on Monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the Senate finished the voting process . Senators voted 19-0 to give the White House some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran that the White House earlier implied may have been on the chopping block . The Obama administration was in panic-mode this week , trying to strike a last-minute deal with legislators on both sides of the aisle that would satisfy its concerns with bill , which the White House had said as recently as yesterday that the president would ` absolutely ' veto as written . While the legislative branch was in recess administration officials called 130 Members of Congress to try to persuade them not to act until the political framework that Iran agreed a week before firmed up . Officials ramped up their efforts in classified briefings with lawmakers today and yesterday . Among the White House 's demands were that the Senate Foreign Relations Committee drop from the bill a requirement to for Iran to certify that it has not backed terrorism against Americans , cut down a 60-day ` window for Congress to look over a deal and ` clarify ' that it is the president 's ` decision to make ' whether or not to enter into an agreement with Iran . It also said it wants legislators to promise that the bill currently under discussion ` would be the one and only mechanism for codifying precisely what the appropriate congressional oversight is into this matter . ' ` If we arrived at a place where the bill that is passed by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with bipartisan support is essentially is a vote to vote later on congressional sanctions - not the decision about whether or not to enter into the agreement - that would certainly resolve some of the concerns we 've expressed about the authority that is exercised by the President of the United States to conduct foreign policy , ' White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . It is ` critical ' Earnest said that the legislation that comes out of the Senate is bipartisan so that ` there is n't an untoward effort to insert a different provision into some sort of must-pass piece of legislation that could really gum up the works here . ' ` And if presented with a compromise along the lines that I just laid out here , that would be the kind of compromise the president would be willing to sign , ' he said . Earnest later indicated that the president 's signature would be predicated on senators watering the bill down to just a vote to later vote on congressional sanctions and the inclusion of language that would make clear the proper role of congressional oversight . ` If the president were writing this piece of legislation it would look substantially different , ' he said , noting that he did n't want to leave reporters with the impression that even in senators were ` willing to agree to this substantial number of changes that I 've laid out here , that we 're gon na be particularly thrilled about the legislation that emerges . ` I rather think what we would find ourselves with is the kind of compromise that the president would be willing to sign , ' Earnest explained . Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Sen. Bob Corker , the author of the bill , center , shakes hands with the committee 's ranking member Sen. Ben Cardin after the committee unanimously passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 . He later expressed concern that Republican members , if given a vote on the final deal , would be ` willing to flush down the toilet the best bet that we have ' in favor of carrying out air raids on Iran , as former U.S. Ambassador John Bolton has suggested . ` Only ' that kind of military action ` can accomplish what is required , ' Bolton said in a March 25 New York Times op-ed . ` Time is terribly short , but a strike can still succeed . ' The bill 's lead sponsor , Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Bob Corker , during the hearing noted that as a result of 1600 Pennsylvania 's last-ditch lobbying efforts , misinformation was circulating about the current language of the bill . ` This legislation is exactly the congressional review that we 've been working on since day one , ' he said , and had ' 100 percent of the integrity ' senators on the committee hoped it would . Lawmakers did agree to take out the terrorism provision and to reduce the review period from 60 days to 30 days but refused to cut it out entirely . And sanctions that have been put in place , Corker explained ` can not be lifted without the administration bringing to us every detail of the deal . ' Then , he said , ` the clock will start ' on the period of time Congress has to debate and decide if it wants to move ahead with a resolution of approval or disapproval - and in the meantime no sanctions can be lifted . And that 's not the end of it , he explained , ` Congress stays involved . ' Every 90 days , the administration would have to certify that Iran is in compliance with the accord , and if there are violations , the executive branch would have 10 days to notify Congress so it can reapply sanctions if necessary . ` So I think this puts Congress in its rightful role , ' he said . The White House , sensing a legislative defeat was nigh , today said President Barack Obama would be willing to meet Congress half way and sign legislation codifying its role in processing a nuclear deal with Iran if a Senate committee axed key portions of the bill during a formal review this afternoon . In the end , the committee decided to buck the White House . Pushing back on the administration 's suggestions that supporters of the Senate legislation are warmongers , Virginia Democrat Tim Kaine , a key force in the bipartisan negotiations around the deal , characterized the claims as ` ridiculous ' and ` offensive ' during the committee meeting , . ` I 'm pro-diplomacy ... but I have also been strongly pro the need for congressional approval , ' he posited . ` I actually think that congressional approval , in this instance under the framework that is now before us , is necessary , helpful and what the American public demands and deserves . '' Democratic Chuck Schumer , next in line for his party 's top leadership role in the supper chamber , applauded Corker and ranking Democratic Senator Ben Cardin for coming to a bipartisan agreement on how to move forward . ' I 'm certainly in favor of what they 've put together , ' he said , throwing his support behind the bill . New Jersey Democrat Cory Booker also lent his name to the legislation this afternoon , signing on as a cosponsor . ` The United States must do everything in its power to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon , ' he said in a statement . ` The framework deal with Iran is an important step forward in accomplishing this goal by diplomatic means . ` But as the body that imposed sanctions on Iran , Congress has a vitally important role in any process that seeks to modify them , ' he added . ` The Corker-Menendez bill sets up a reasonable mechanism for Congress to have a voice in the process that will help make any agreement with Iran as strong as possible . ' Fellow New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez , a namesake of the bill who temporarily stepped aside as ranking member of the committee as he deals with legal troubles , said he wanted to make clear with the committee 's vote it never ` envisioned a wholesale waver ' of nuclear sanctions ` without congressional input . ' He was responding to Iranian leaders ' affirmations last week that they would not accept a deal that does not immediately terminate sanctions . The Obama administration has repeatedly said that it only ever agreed to the phased lifting of restrictions on Iran and made that clear during the last round of talks . Menendez , speaking during today 's hearing before the vote , said , ` Let 's send a message to Tehran that sanctions relief is not a given ' and it is ` not a prize for signing on the dotted line . ' South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , an original co-author of the legislation , said in a statement that ` Congress should have a say in lifting the economic sanctions which Congress created . ' ` Every Member of Congress needs to listen , speak , and be accountable for what I believe will be one of the most significant foreign policy decisions our nation has faced in decades , ' he said . ` Either with President Obama 's signature -- or over his objections -- this legislation should immediately be pushed into law . '