David Miscavige , the controversial leader of the Church of Scientology , allegedly had his apostate father followed for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the secretive organization . According to police records obtained by the Los Angeles Times , the church paid a father-son team of detectives $ 10,000 a week to track Ron Miscavige 's every move , review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations . The claims , which the Church of Scientology has categorically denied through its attorneys , come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear , where former members of the church accused David Miscavige and his associates of systemic harassment , abuse and blackmail . Scroll down for video . Explosive claims : Private investigator Dwayne Powell reportedly told Wisconsin police in 2013 that he was hired by David Miscavige -LRB- left -RRB- , the head of the Church of Scientology , to spy on his elderly father , Ronald -LRB- right -RRB- after he 'd left the church . Secretive : The elder Miscavige was allegedly followed by a father-son pair of detectives for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the church . Ronald Miscavige , 79 , had recently left the Church of Scientology , which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986 . The allegations of surveillance targeting the renegade scientologist originally came to light two years ago following the arrest of Florida-based private investigator Dwayne Powell . Powell was stopped in a Milwaukee suburb in July 2013 carrying two rifles , four handguns , a makeshift silencer , a knife and a cache of ammunition . Adding fuel to the fire : The claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear . According to arrest documents , the private eye 's rented Ford Edge also contained binoculars , a GPS device and a stun gun . During questioning , the sleuth reportedly told police that he was hired by the Church of Scientology through a Florida firm to follow Ronald Miscavige on a full-time basis . Powell reportedly recounted to police how one time he was tailing Mr Miscavige when he witnessed the elderly man clasp his chest and slump over while placing groceries in his car . Thinking that Miscavige was having a heart attack , the private investigator called his supervisor and asked for further instructions . Minutes later , he got a call from David Miscavige himself , according to the records , who told Powell that ` if it was Ron 's time to die , to let him die and not intervene in any way . ' The elder Miscavige eventually came to and drove off . Last year , Dwayne Powell was charged with a single count of possession of an illegal silencer , but the indictment against him was later dismissed . In a statement to the Times , David Miscavige 's personal attorney , Michael Lee Hertzberg , vehemently denied any connection between Powell and his client . ` Please be advised that Mr. Miscavige does not know Mr. Powell , has never heard of Mr. Powell , has never met Mr. Powell , has never spoken to Mr. Powell , never hired Mr. Powell and never directed any investigations by Mr. Powell , ' the lawyer told the paper . An attorney for the church also commented on the allegations , calling them ` blatantly false . ' During an interview with police in West Allis , Wisconsin , Dwayne Powell reportedly said that his job was to keep tabs on Ronald Miscavige and his wife , Becky , to make sure they do not divulge any details about Church of Scientology activities . Powell reported directly to a Florida firm specializing in private investigations and worked the case with his 21-year-old son . Miscavige , chairman of the board of Religious Technology Center -LRB- pictured left and right with Tom Cruise -RRB- , allegedly prohibited the private investigator from helping his father during a medical emergency . The duo 's surveillance activities allegedly included sifting though Ronald Miscavige 's garbage , photographing him , tailing him using a tracking device they had planted on his car and listening to his conversations in public places . Police records indicate that when Miscavige would go to a local library to check his email , Powell or his son would stand behind his back and photograph the computer screen . According to a police report , as recently as last September Ron Miscavige and his wife said they believed they were being watched by his son 's henchmen . Daniel Powell reportedly has corroborated many of his father 's statements in interviews with police .