She helped to transform U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama 's public image into that of an all-American ` everywoman ' who shops at retail outlets , does ` mom dancing ' and even has a Twitter account . Now , former White House aide Kristina Schake , who left the East Wing in June 2013 , is reportedly behind the drive to get another first lady - ex-secretary of state , Hillary Clinton - elected president . Ms Schake , 45 , who has worked as chief communications officer at L'Oreal USA for the past two years , has been brought on to Mrs Clinton 's 2016 communications team to help recast her image . She will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician - who is expected to announce her run for White House this month - from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer , more accessible one , according to the New York Times . Scroll down for video . Image makeover : Former White House aide Kristina Schake -LRB- left -RRB- , who left the East Wing in June 2013 , is reportedly behind the drive to get ex = secretary of state , Hillary Clinton -LRB- right -RRB- , elected president next year . Accessible personality : Ms Schake helped to transform U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama 's public image into that of an all-American ` everywoman ' who even performed ` mom dancing ' with Jimmy Fallon in 2013 -LRB- above -RRB- . The former persona , experts have said , could have hampered Mrs Clinton 's 2008 presidential contest against President Barack Obama , who came across as cool and amiable with voters . The latter persona , meanwhile , has worked wonders for Mrs Obama , who has become a national emblem of healthier eating with her legislative push for more fruit and vegetables in school meals . As Obama noted in 2008 , Mrs Clinton must show voters that she is more than just ` likeable enough ' - by displaying a warm and funny side that , according to her friends , reflects her true character . But , Ms Schake 's efforts to help Mrs Clinton do this could prove tricky - particularly in the wake of the scandal over her new boss 's exclusive use of a personal email address while secretary of state . A U.S. House committee is currently seeking a private interview with Mrs Clinton over her use of the private address , as well as a personal computer server , during her time at the State Department . Ms Schake 's attempts could also be hindered by some voters ' views that the politician and her husband Bill - parents to daughter Chelsea - are detached from the issues of ` normal ' Americans . Scandal : Ms Schake 's efforts to help Mrs Clinton do this could prove tricky - particularly in the wake of the scandal over her new boss 's exclusive use of a personal email address during her time as secretary of state . ` True self ' : As Obama noted in 2008 , Mrs Clinton -LRB- seen listening to an instructor reading a story to children at a Firststep NYC session in Brooklyn on Wednesday -RRB- must show she is more than just ` likeable enough ' The couple have reportedly amassed more than $ 100million since leaving the White House in 2000 , and continue to command speaking fees of a whopping $ 200,000 or more , according to the Times . They also have multiple homes , including one in Washington DC and one in Chappaqua , New York . To counter Mrs Clinton 's apparent inaccessibility , Ms Schake , whose work with Mrs Obama helped to turn her into an online video star and magazine cover model , could draw on the politician 's hobbies . She could get Mrs Clinton to speak about her passion for swimming , as reported by ABC , or appear at a charity swimming gala . She could also fix up celebrity partnerships like she did with Mrs Obama . The multitude of new ways to reach voters means ` it 's not the same formula in politics that it was even just four years ago or eight years ago , ' Stephanie Cutter , a Democratic strategist , told The Times . Undercover : During her time as an aide for Mrs Obama , Ms Schake encouraged the current First Lady to shop undercover at a Target -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Alexandria , Virginia , dressed in a floral blouse and a baseball cap . Presenter : Ms Schake 's work also led to Mrs Obama presenting the best picture award alongside Hollywood legend Jack Nicholson at the Academy Awards in February 2013 . The trophy was given to the film , Argo . The deputy campaign manager for the Obama reelection campaign added : ` It 's about understanding people who are just living their lives and figuring out ways to fit a candidate into that ' , not vice versa . During her time as an aide for Mrs Obama , Ms Schake encouraged the current First Lady to shop undercover at a Target in Alexandria , Virginia , dressed in a floral blouse and a baseball cap . The widely-reported trip was intended to her portray the 51-year-old - who has two daughters , Sasha and Malia , with her husband - as an ordinary mom , keen to make savings for her family . Successful : Ms Schake -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who previously co-owned a LA-based PR firm that handled media relations for Maria Shriver , is the daughter of a stay-at-home mother and a commercial airline pilot . Ms Schake 's work also led to Mrs Obama presenting the best picture award alongside Hollywood legend Jack Nicholson at the Academy Awards in February 2013 , according to the Washington Post . And she encouraged the First Lady to invite children to the White House to help harvest the summer crop from the House 's kitchen garden in 2013 - an event that was photographed by the world 's press . The adviser , from California , ` did a really great job of keeping Mrs Obama at the forefront of the conversation but in a way that continued her ability to be accessible and relatable , ' Ms Schake 's predecessor Camille Johnston told the newspaper , adding : ` No small feat during a presidential election cycle . ' Indeed , Ms Schake 's ` feat ' saw Mrs Obama feature on the front covers of both Vogue -LRB- twice -RRB- and Better Homes & Gardens magazine . Ultimately , it turned her into an ` accessible everywoman ' , the Times reported . And Ms Schake 's impact is still apparent today - this week , an energetic Mrs Obama performed a second installment of ` Evolution of the Mom Dance ' on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon . Her performance came two years after she took part in her original ` Mom Dancing ' skit with Fallon , which was encouraged by Ms Schake and gained more than 22million views on YouTube . It marked the five-year anniversary of her Let 's Move ! initiative to fight childhood obesity in America . Ms Schake , who previously co-owned a Los Angeles-based PR firm that handled media relations for Maria Shriver , is the daughter of a stay-at-home mother and an airline pilot , it is reported . She was the co-founder and board member of the American Foundation for Equal Rights - the nonprofit group that filed the successful federal lawsuit against California 's ban on gay marriage , . She currently lives with her boyfriend , an Albanian journalist . After Ms Schake left the White House in 2013 , Maria Cristina ` MC ' Gonzalez Noguera , 39 , was hired as the Obamas ' communications director . Fitness initaitive : Mrs Obama participates in a yoga class during a visit to the Gwen Cherry Park NFL/YET Center as she celebrates the fourth Anniversary of Let 's Move on February 25 , 2014 in Miami , Florida . Mrs Obama tweeted The Chew this week , encouraging the show to participate in her #GimmeFive challenge . On Friday , it was revealed that Mrs Clinton has signed a lease in a Brooklyn , New York , building for what is expected to house her campaign headquarters , according to a person familiar with the plans . Mrs Clinton has reportedly signed the lease for two floors in an office in New York 's Brooklyn Heights neighborhood . The anonymous person was not authorized to speak publicly about internal planning . The decision to sign the lease - which was first reported by Politico - likely sets off a 15-day period in which presidential candidates are required to make their intentions officially known . The building , One Pierrepont Plaza , also houses the U.S. attorney 's office of Loretta Lynch , who has been nominated to be President Barack Obama 's next attorney general . Lease : A woman enters One Pierrepont Plaza in Brooklyn , New York . Mrs Clinton has signed a lease for two floors in the Brooklyn Heights building for what is expected to be her presidential campaign headquarters .