She has just come out of the biggest scandal of her career when she made a racist comment about Zendaya 's hair style on Fashion Police . And now Giuliana Rancic is creating even more fuss as she has dishes on her ex-boyfriend Jerry O'Connell in her upcoming memoir Going Off Script . On Monday the 40-year-old E! star looked cool and collected , however , as she was seen leaving The Trump Tower in New York City on her way to a Today Show appearance . Scroll for video ... Dishing the details : Giuliana Rancic looked fantastic as she left the Trump International Hotel in New York City on Monday , just a day before the release of her new tell-all Going Off Script , which details her romance with Jerry O'Connell . The way they were : Rancic has said that O'Connell was not faithful ; here they are pictured in 2004 in Los Angeles . In her memoir , the Fashion Police co-host has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry , who she first met in San Diego . Their romance - which ran from 2003 to 2004 - turned sour when Giuliana discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with Geri Halliwell , aka Ginger Spice . In an excerpt obtained by Page Six , the E! star wrote of the affair : ` I was being two-timed for one of the lesser Spices ? ' Pink lady : The TV personality was hard to miss with her bubble gum pink top and white peplum skirt . Burberry long heritage trench coat . Click to buy it now ! Visit site . They say your clothes can tell a thousand stories and that certainly seems to be the case with Giuliana latest ensemble . The E! presenter looked defiantly optimistic in this colourful look , rocking a fuchsia dress with a fluted hem with white Louboutins . Giuliana finished off the look effortlessly with a Burberry trench slung over her shoulders . After the Zendaya controversy she 's been embroiled in recently , this outfit seemed to shrug off the negativity in style . We love this trench in particular - a classic Burberry number , this chic cover-up will never go out of style and is synonymous with timeless fashion . Slung over your shoulders like Giuliana or wrapped up and belted , this outerwear will truly stand the test of time ! Click right to snap it up now , or head to our edit below for similar picks . From Karen Millen to Vero Moda we 've got all budgets covered . Vila classic trench coat at ASOS . Visit site . Vero Moda Vmfame trench coat at Nelly.com . Visit site . MICHAEL Michael Kors Trench Coat at Zappos . Visit site . Dorothy Perkins crepe trench coatv -LRB- now reduced to $ 44 -RRB- . Visit site . Jerry 's apology did not exactly impress the TV star . ' `` Yeah , I know . I 'm so sorry . I do n't know what happened . '' He had as much emotion as the customer-service representative who tells you your bags missed the flight , ' she penned . Giuliana ended up giving Jerry another shot . Following her heart : Giuliana claims Jerry cheated on her with Spice Girls singer Geri Halliwell , however she still took him back . Their romance turned serious when talks of marriage began , but that quickly changed when Jerry began chatting up Rebecca at Maxim 's 100 Hottest Women party in 2004 . ` Little did I know he was in the VIP area , talking up Rebecca . As a prelude to feeling up Rebecca , ' she wrote . Following his encounter with Rebecca at the party , Jerry became unreachable , and Giuliana decided to talk to him face-to-face at his residence . Harsh words : Rancic detailed Jerry 's flippant attitude towards their break-up . Moving on : Jerry married Rebecca Romijn in 2007 ; here the couple are pictured in February in Los Angeles . He sure was busy : Jerry also had a fling with Geri Halliwell from The Spice Girls ; here she is pictured far left with her band mates Victoria Beckham , Emma Bunton , Mel B and Mel C . There , the actor flippantly dumped her : ` Nope . Sorry , homegirl ... Things change , but you take care , OK ? ' While Giuliana 's love life is now going strong with husband Bill Rancic , the actress has now found herself putting out another fire . Just a month earlier Giuliana stirred up controversy when she commented on Fashion Police that Zendaya smelled of ` patchouli oil ' or ` weed ' when she arrived to the Oscars with dreadlocks . Saying her piece : The E! star aired her side of the Fashion Police controversy in an interview with Today . Heartfelt : The TV star confessed ` I do not have an eating disorder ' - nor has she ever - in her Today interview . On Monday , Giuliana - who looked fantastic with a bubble gum pink lace top that was paired with a high-waisted white peplum skirt - talked to the Today Show about Zendaya . ` I made a reference to the hippie culture . I talked about patchouli oil , which is a hippie perfume . And in the editing process , some of the gestures I made , some of the things I said were taken out for time , ' the beauty said . ` I made peace signs , I said `` bohemian '' twice - those were taken out for time . ' Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy . ` So when the joke aired , some people were offended by it . I find racism reprehensible . I do n't tolerate it at all . Nor have I ever . ' ` I thought that the joke was not edited in a proper way . And that 's just something I have to live with . ' Also on the Today Show , Giuliana addressed the criticism she has received for her shrinking waistline . Love at last : The star has been married to The Apprentice winner Bill Rancic since 2007 - here the couple are pictured in October in Los Angeles . ` I do not have an eating disorder . I have never had an eating disorder . I wanted to be very clear about that . In fact , I eat a lot . People always love to tweet : `` Eat a burger . '' I eat burgers . It 's not working , ' she told Savannah Guthrie . Giuliana , who had a double mastectomy after revealing she had breast cancer , added : ` But the main thing is I 've lost a considerable amount of weight really in the past year or two due to the cancer medication that I 'm on ... I was eating more than I 've ever eaten , but I was losing weight , and I was scared . I did n't think , this is great . I though , what the heck 's happening to my body ? ' Giuliana - who announced last week she was moving to Chicago - has also suffered a personal blow in her efforts to add to her family . ` Everyone 's been asking us about our last embryo because we would talk about it on our reality show . We had our final shot at having a baby , a biological child ... and unfortunately she did miscarry . It did n't work out . ' The star appeared optimistic when she added : ` But that 's okay , there are other options . I 've always been open to adoption , even before we had issues . So we 're definitely looking at our options . Giuliana 's new tell-all will be available for purchase on April 7 .