Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims : ` It 's only fair that men should have it all . ' The clip , which was created by the Make it Fair Project , presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood , which means that , more often than not , males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry 's most important positions . ` We wo n't relent 'til it 's 100 per cent , ' the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the PSA . Scroll down for video . Poor guys : Rita Wilson pretends to be sad that men do n't completely dominate film industry in a new gender-equality PSA by the Make it Fair Project . ` In the past three years , only 93 per cent of films were directed by men , and only 80 per cent were written by them , ' the actresses , including Meryl Streep 's actress daughter Mamie Gummer , say at the beginning of the video . They go on to note , completely dead-pan , that in 2014 , ` only ' 88 per cent of box office hits featured a man in the leading role . ` Sadly ' , they say , ` only ' 70 per cent of speaking roles in films are also given to men , and women ` get to be naked ' in movies twice as often as men do . The problem exists even on the Broadway stage , they point out , with 13 out of 13 plays last year being written by men . Speaking up : Actress Mamie Gummer -LRB- pictured , in a photograph by Nadia Quinn -RRB- sings in the video that it 's ` only fair that men should have it all ' , not just 80 or 90 per cent of an industry . Far-reaching issue : Though the actresses highlight gender inequality in Hollywood , they also point out similar problems in government and Fortune 500 companies . Rita , who is known for her roles in Sleepless in Seattle and Runaway Bride , looks distressed as she lists the unfavorable statistics . The video comes just weeks after Rita revealed her battle with cancer and double mastectomy . Now , the actress , who has had devoted husband Tom Hanks by her side , is making more headlines for speaking out about another issue that effects women , this time in the film industry . But while these actresses have a particular interest in Hollywood 's status quo , they insist that ` showbiz ' is n't the only place where there is startling gender inequality . ` Men make up only 88 per cent of Congress , 80 per cent of governors , 95 per cent of Fortune 500 CEOs , -LSB- and -RSB- 97 per cent of creative directors in advertising , ' they continue . No laughing matter : The cast of actresses sing and clap in an imitation of musical numbers performed during more serious telethons and PSAs . Social savvy : The creators of the project are promoting their message on social media with the hashtag #MakeItFair . Making a point : The YoutTube video was created by an all-female crew to demonstrate the range of talented women available . The women also point out that men continue to hold the top roles in big industries and get paid 30 per cent more than women despite the fact that women make up almost 60 per cent of college graduates . The group wraps up with a rousing telethon-style musical number , singing together : ` We stand here together , and together we 'll break down this wall . ' These numbers impact everything , the video explains : ` The stories we tell , the wages we earn , the future we shape . ' For their part , the creators of the video worked with an all-female team : The PSA is completely written , produced , and starred in my women , a fact that the project says underscores ` the wealth of female talent that often goes untapped ' .