Take That have come under fire after it emerged the pop stars have still not repaid the £ 20million they owe the taxman - one year after they were ordered to do so . Gary Barlow , Mark Owen and Howard Donald , who embark on their latest UK tour tomorrow , were told to pay back the cash 11 months ago after the ` investment ' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid . It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up the cash . Scroll down for video . Fury : Take That members -LRB- from left -RRB- Gary Barlow , Howard Donald and Mark Owen have still not paid back the £ 20million they owe the taxman , one year after they were ordered to . The band begin their UK tour tomorrow . A source close to the band said : ` They are not appealing the decision , they are dealing directly with HMRC . ' The delay has been criticised by The Taxpayers ' Alliance , with pressure mounting further by the fact that TV sports presenter Gabby Logan has already fulfilled her promise to pay back all the money she owed from the ` tax shelter ' scheme , according to the Sunday Mirror . Andy Silvester , campaign director , said : ` Everyone should play by the rules , and that means paying back on time if HMRC say so . ` However , the real moral of this story is that we desperately need to simplify the tax code to get rid of the loopholes that those with clever accountants can drive a Take That tour bus through . ` Politicians make an awful lot of noise about tax evasion and avoidance but are addressing the symptom rather than the cause . ' The Take That trio have not appealed against last May 's tax tribunal ruling that the Icebreaker scheme they paid millions of pounds into was created as a way of exploiting legal loopholes . Repaid : Other well-known clients who used the Icebreaker ` investment ' scheme include TV sports presenter Gabby Logan -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . Unlike Gary Barlow -LRB- left -RRB- , she has already repaid everything she owed . Prime Minister David Cameron used a Take That lyric during Prime Minister 's Questions , directed at Barlow , where he said ` We want your money back for good ' as part of a pledge to get tax avoiders to return £ 5billion . Money poured into Icebreaker , which used investment in the music industry to gain tax reliefs aimed at boosting the UK 's creative industries , did not attract income tax . Icebreaker officials claimed that the initiative was funding music , supporting little-known artists to famous names such as Sinead O'Connor . But it was ruled by Judge Colin Bishopp that the scheme was mainly for tax avoidance rather than investments . Many of the 1,000 clients who invested in Icebreaker claimed they did not know the scheme broke any rules . David Cameron has previously used a Take That lyric during Prime Minister 's Questions , directed at Barlow , where he said ` We want your money back for good ' as part of a pledge to have £ 5billion returned by tax avoiders . There is no suggestion Robbie Williams or Jason Orange took part in the Icebreaker scheme , which saw more than 7,000 repayment notices , totaling £ 1.6 billion , issued by HMRC as part of a crackdown . A spokesman for Barlow , Owen and Donald said : ` I can confirm that Gary Barlow , Mark Owen and Howard Donald have now received confirmation from HMRC that their tax affairs are fully up to date . '