The Federal Bureau of Investigation is facing accusations that it is ` whitewashing ' possible Saudi Arabian involvement in the 9/11 terrorist attacks . A commission designed to review evidence about the world-changing bombings has not delved into an FBI agent 's claims that a Saudi Florida family had ties to the hijackers after the agency said that the report was ` unsubstantiated ' . Relatives of homeowner Esam Ghazzawi lived in the plush Sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars , furniture and food in their refrigerator behind right before the 9/11 , prompting some to say they knew about the attacks . Scroll down for video . The FBI 's handling of reports about a Saudi family fleeing Florida two weeks before the 9/11 attacks has raised suspicion that the agency is whitewashing any involvement by the Middle Eastern country . The family of Abdulaziz al-Hijji and his wife Anoud left their 3,300 square foot Florida home in August 2001 , but did not take cars , furniture or food from their fridge . The daughter and son-in-law of Ghazzawi , who worked as an adviser to a member of the Saudi royal family , had stayed at the 3,300 square foot house for six years but left in late August 2001 , not even leaving a forwarding address . An FBI agent who investigated the disappearance after neighbors thought it was suspicious said that the family had ` many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001 ' . At least one ` family member ' had attended the same Venice , Florida , flight school as some of the hijackers , according to a piece in the New York Post . Mohamed Atta , the leader of the hijackers , and two other terrorists on the flights , Marwan Al-Shehhi and Ziad Jarrah , were also reported to have visited the Sarasota house , according to Florida Bulldog . Anoud Al-Hijji , Ghazzawi 's daughter , later returned to America to sell the home . The 9/11 Commission wrote that ` The FBI told the Review Commission that the -LSB- FBI report -RSB- on which the news article was based was `` poorly written '' and wholly unsubstantiated ... ' ` When questioned later by others in the FBI , the special agent who wrote -LSB- it -RSB- was unable to provide any basis for the contents of the document or explain why he wrote it as he did ' . Esam Ghazzawi , who owned the Sarasota home , was an adviser to a nephew of Saudi Arabia 's King Fahd -LRB- left -RRB- . Some observers have speculated that the Middle Eastern country helped back Osama Bin Laden -LRB- right -RRB- . Ziad Samir Jarrah -LRB- left -RRB- Mohamed Atta -LRB- center -RRB- and Marwan Al-Shehhi -LRB- right -RRB- all reportedly visited the Florida home owned by the Saudi advisor at points before they carried out the heinous 9/11 attacks . The Review Commission said the FBI claimed it ` found no evidence that connected the family members in the Miami Herald article to any of the 9/11 hijackers , nor was there any connection found between the family and the 9/11 plot ' . The FBI 's dismissal of the report has led some to question whether the agency is covering up evidence of possible Saudi backing for 9/11 . Former Florida Senator Bob Graham told the Miami Herald : ` The FBI has served America through most of its history . There were stumbles by the agency before 9/11 and since the tragedy there has been a consistent effort to cover up the extent of Saudi Arabia 's involvement . ' The Congressional Joint Inquiry into the attack , which Graham co-chaired , contained 28 fully pages that are said to have spoken about who financed 9/11 that were fully redacted by the Bush administration . Senator Graham said the pages ` point a very strong finger ' at the government of Saudi Arabia , rather than wealthy Saudi individuals , as the backers of the attack . They also implicate officials at the Saudi Embassy in Washington for involvement with 9/11 hijackers in San Diego , sources told Hoover Institute fellow Paul Sperry . The FBI told the 9/11 Review Commission that the original report about the Sarasota family 's connections was unsubstantiated . Above , the National September 11 Memorial in New York City . Some such as former Florida senator Bob Graham -LRB- right -RRB- have said that there has been a consistent effort to cover up Saudi involvement . Left , the World Trade Center memorial . The recent Review Commission , which was created by Congress last year to look into evidence not considered by the FBI , said there was ` no evidence ' that Saudi officials were involved . Information about the Sarasota family was not included in the original 2004 9/11 Commission report and the information was not shared with Congress . The agent in question was not identified . The Commission did not interview him or Senator Graham or his investigators . Review Commission officials ' report said that the FBI needed to strengthen information sharing to combat further terrorist threats . Abdulaziz al-Hijji , the son-in-law who lived in Sarasota , has recently lived in London and worked for Saudi Arabia 's state-owned oil company , according to the Telegraph . ` I love the USA . My kids were born there , I went to college and university there , I spent a good portion of my life there and I love it , ' he said in 2012 . Reports have claimed that al-Hijji and his father-in-law Ghazzawi were both on FBI watch lists before 9/11 . The new Saudi king Salman also directed government charities in the 1990s that are thought to have funneled funds to Al Qaeda .