A chocolate bunny worth $ 64,000 -LRB- £ 33,000 -RRB- made headlines this week for being the world 's most expensive Easter treat . The five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent Tanzania Origin chocolate , contains a staggering 548,000 calories ... and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes -LRB- which account for over $ 48,000 of the price tag -RRB- . Unfortunately for Australian chocolate lovers the decadent dessert , created by former Chef Décor of Harrods Martin Chiffers , is located in the United Kingdom . So what is available to chocoholics Down Under this week , for when a regular supermarket Easter Egg just wo n't cut it ? According to new research conducted by Colgate , Australian families will consumer 124.3 million Easter treats this year over the holiday period . Scroll down for video . Edible artwork : Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists including Jackson Pollock -LRB- left -RRB- and Banksy -LRB- right -RRB- using Fairtrade chocolate . While Cadbury and Lindt remain the most popular household chocolate , some retailers are going above and beyond to create something truly spectacular ... and mouth-watering . From eggs turned into masterpieces by renowned artists , to bunnies weighing a whopping three kilograms , chocolate that packs an alcoholic punch , and entirely raw offerings ... We round up the most unusual , extravagant , and eggs-cellent Easter treats on sale in Australia . Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists that look too good to eat . The Art Series collection features eggs boasting designs by Jackson Pollock and Banksy that come in a range of sizes starting at $ 15.95 . The eggs are available at Xocolate 's Kew East and Canterbury stores , and online . Punky dessert : Pâtissier Adriano Zumbo is selling dark and white chocolate eggs called ` The Chocolate Pistols ' in their NSW and Victorian stores . Pâtissier Adriano Zumbo , who has stores in several New South Wales and Victoria locations , is selling punk-inspired eggs for $ 60 each . For those who want to funk up their Easter Sunday , ` The Chocolate Pistols ' are make from couverture French chocolate and available in both dark and white chocolate versions in store and online until stocks last . Melbourne-based Gânache Chocolate are once again selling their enormous chocolate eggs , which weigh in around the 2.2 kg mark and cost $ 132 . Good egg : Melbourne-based Gânache Chocolate are selling a 2.2 kg chocolate ganache egg costing $ 132 . For those who think a hollow egg is a waste of potential chocolate-filled space , their 100-piece version is crammed with pralines in every flavour you could think of . The decadent treat -LRB- designed to share -RRB- costs $ 250 . Master Chocolatier Arno Backes explained to Daily Mail Australia how a trip around South America inspired his gigantic chocolate masterpiece . ` Whilst travelling through South America discovering the regions coffee and chocolate , I found this giant egg mould and thought it would be fantastic to use it to make a distinctive chocolate showpiece sometime . Pick 'n' mix : Not stopping there , Gânache 's Master Chocolatier Arno Backes also created an egg filled with 100 pralines -LRB- right -RRB- that costs $ 250 . ` For the first Easter at Ganache I made the showpiece and was surprised by how many customers were asking to buy it . The following Easter , we made a couple predominantly as displays and they sold on the Easter Saturday , so no display for Sunday . ` Since then we have made more and more each year and decorated them in different ways . We have also started to fill the half egg with our individual pralines and so have a giant chocolate filled egg that makes the perfect centre piece for even the largest of family gatherings . Sydney 's The Grounds of Alexandria were inspired by the iconic Cadbury Creme Egg when coming up with their Easter offering . Eggs-cellent : The Grounds of Alexandria in Sydney created an egg made by filling a chocolate shell with cheesecake and passionfruit . Mouth-water : The treat was inspired by the iconic Cadbury Creme Egg . ` You should have seen the chicken ' : The Grounds have also created a giant two-metre hollow egg , to be cracked open on Easter Sunday . The popular restaurant filled milk chocolate shells with cheesecake , which makes up the white of the ` egg ' , and passionfruit syrup to represent the yolk . ` Our Pastry Chef came up with the Passionfruit Cheesecake Egg concept for one of many Easter sweet treats at The Grounds across the next couple of weeks , ' a spokesperson told DMA . ` This particular offering was inspired by the popular `` Cadbury Creme Egg '' , taking him back to special occasions at home where the Creme Eggs were always a favourite amongst his siblings . The oozing caramel was always an eagerly anticipated part of Easter and Christmas at home . ' For the health-conscious : Pana Chocolate sell raw cacao bunnies for those who want all flavour , no guilt this Easter . Also taking pride of place in The Grounds -LRB- though not on sale -RRB- , is a giant two-metre hollow egg , which will be cracked on Easter Sunday for customers to enjoy . Love the taste of chocolate , but are more health-conscious ? Raw chocolatier Pana Chocolate , in Sydney and Melbourne , have created a bunny made of raw cacao . The $ 5.90 bunny is for sale in a number of flavours , including mint and orange . The chocolate is made entirely of raw ingredients with no refined sugar , and produced using minimal heat . These gluten , dairy and soy-free treats are all flavour , no guilt . Size does matter : Fremantle Chocolate in WA have created a 3 kg chocolate bunny that will set you back a whopping $ 275 -LRB- left -RRB- , while Edible Blooms can deliver loved ones a chocolate tree made up of 85 eggs -LRB- right -RRB- . Too good to eat : The world 's most extravagant Easter bunny is in the UK , and costs $ 64,000 , which includes two solitaire diamonds -LRB- that account for $ 48,000 of the price tag -RRB- . For WA chocoholics , Fremantle Chocolate are selling a chocolate bunny that weighs in at a whopping three kilograms . Each of the made-to-order ` Sir Walter ' bunnies takes five hours to make using milk , white and dark chocolate as well as smaller Fremantle Chocolate eggs that he carries in a chocolate basket on his back , and will set you back $ 275 . Edible Blooms have provided for those who want to deliver the gift of chocolate for Easter - creating a topiary tree made up of 85 solid chocolatier eggs . The $ 109 present is available to order online .