Australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights . This is the latest cost-saving travel trend , with each night costing an average of $ 30 . HomeCamp , which launched in January , has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation . One Sydney host , Steve York , has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings . Australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights . HomeCamp , which launched in January , has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation . Sydney-sider Steve York -LRB- left -RRB- used HomeCamp to connect with Rose Smith -LRB- right -RRB- and let her stay in his backyard for three nights . As a full-time university student , Steve felt the financial burden when he moved out six months ago . The 20-year-old asked around for any ` easy money-making methods ' when a friend told him about HomeCamp . ` I was n't too keen at the start but I thought I may as well give it a go to see what it 's like , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` I just wanted a some extra income to help pay for groceries and little things like that because I was struggling financially . ' Steve says he did initially consider placing his rental property in Dee Why , Sydney 's northern beaches , on Airbnb and Couchsurfing but could not warm to the idea of living under the same roof with a complete stranger . ` I really was n't comfortable with people staying inside the house so I guess that 's why HomeCamp appealed to me more , ' he said . Steve listed his Dee Why home , in Sydney 's northern beaches , on HomeCamp in February and has since had four bookings . There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website , according to founder David Abitbol . Steve 's first booking was in February with local traveller Rose Smith of Queensland . Both parties took all precautions to ensure they were reliable . ` Obviously I wanted to make sure that I was n't having some weird person staying in my backyard , ' Steve said . ` Rose was really great and she even let me speak to her parents . I was really able to trust her for the three nights she stayed . ' For Rose , she was after an affordable place to stay in Sydney and Steve 's home was perfect for the occasion . ` It was also my first time staying in someone 's backyard so I was a bit scared at the start , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` But after a few conversations with Steve I felt more comfortable and now I 'm definitely looking to do it again . ' The 22-year-old says she enjoyed the freedom of having her own space as opposed to ` staying in a youth hostel in a crowded space and sharing the bathroom with other heaps of other travellers ' . ` I got along with Steve so he allowed me to use the bathroom and other amenities quite freely which made the whole experience even better , ' Rose said . HomeCamp was launched in Australia but has been used by homeowners worldwide including New Zealand , France , South Africa , USA , Canada and Sweden . Steve believes HomeCamp offers tourists a unique experience . ` The affordability of it and the location with a great vibe - I think that 's what tourists are looking for these days , ' he said . ` They 're not really looking for the typical touristy places anymore but want more local and real experiences . ' Rose agrees with Steve and also believes HomeCamp is ` going to be the next big thing ' . There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website and that number continues to grow , according to founder David Abitbol . HomeCamp was launched in Australia but has been used by homeowners worldwide including New Zealand , France , South Africa , USA , Canada and Sweden .