Huw Thomas -LRB- pictured -RRB- suggested on an online forum in 2006 that England flags were for a ` simpleton ' or a ` casual racist ' A Labour parliamentary candidate has apologised ` wholeheartedly ' for telling people to throw ` Tippex ' over cars displaying England flags . Huw Thomas , the Labour candidate in Ceredigion , West Wales , suggested on an online forum in 2006 that the flags were for a ` simpleton ' or a ` casual racist ' . He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E writing during the 2006 World Cup : ` I agree it is totally sickening the number of English flags to be seen around Wales . ` It really shows the level our society has been infiltrated by immigrants who are n't ready to integrate . ' He also stated : ` I got the opportunity when I was offered an English flag for half price in WHSmiths Oxford to answer with the sentence : `` Since I am neither a simpleton nor a casual racist I must decline your offer '' . ' Mr Thomas then had a suggestion for anyone annoyed by flags on cars . ' ... TIPPEX - throw a bottle of the stuff over the car , it will look ridiculous - especially if it 's a shiny boy racer-ish car . ` It will take hours to clean it - or money in the car-wash and , without looking closely , it will look like bird poo ! ' Mr Thomas said he made the comments as ` a young student ' and he no longer held those views . In a statement he said : ` I apologise wholeheartedly for these comments , made while I was a young student . These are not my views now and I deeply regret writing this post online . ` Every candidate at this election will have gone through a political journey . Most will have said or thought things when they were young and at university , college or school that they now regret . This is certainly the case for me . ' The Labour parliamentary candidate apologised ` wholeheartedly ' for telling people to throw ` Tippex ' over cars displaying England flags -LRB- file picture -RRB- . He added that people in Ceredigion ` deserve an MP that will admit when they are wrong ' . It comes after senior Labour MP Emily Thornberry stood down in November after publishing a picture of a house in Rochester draped in England flags . The MP for Islington South and Finsbury , in North London , took the snap while canvassing in the by-election in Rochester and Strood and was accused of being ` snobby ' and ` sneering down her nose ' at working class voters . Labour MP Emily Thornberry stood down in November after publishing a picture of a house in Rochester draped in England flags .