Victoria Beckham did it . So did Kim Kardashian . And now the Australian It crowd are following in their footsteps by taking their children along to Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week . The offspring of some of Sydney 's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery , Alice McCall and Maticevski - highly-coveted tickets that many fully grown adults failed to snag an invitation to . Scroll down for video . Front row kids ! The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by bringing their children to Fashion Week . Trendsetters : David Beckham with daughter Harper during Victoria Beckham show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week 2014 . Style blogger Hass Murad and PR maven Roxy Jacenko were both pictured with their mini-me 's this week at the Carriageworks venue in Sydney , while designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday . Jacenko 's daughter Pixie is already an Instagram star thanks to her mother 's social media updates , with a staggering 105,000 followers . The flame-haired cutie was fawned over by the Australian fashion elite when she attended the opening event on Sunday night , watching a performance by the Australian ballet ahead of Kym Ellery 's show . Front row fixture ! Three-year-old Pixie Curtis was the youngest attendee at Toni Maticevski 's Spring/Summer 2015-2016 Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia show on Tuesday . Mini fashionista : Pixie and mum Sweaty Betty 's Roxy Jacenko were dressed to the nines on the opening night . The three-year-old kept her fans up to date at both the Ellery Show and also the Toni Maticevski show . Asked whether her daughter actually enjoyed watching fashion over Peppa Pig , Jacenko insisted that she loved it . ` Pixie had a wonderful time watching the incredible work of all that worked on the shows and seeing the spectacle of it all , ' Jacenko told Daily Mail Australia . ` It 's not often you get to see the Australian Ballet perform on a regular Sunday evening , let alone as a three-year-old ! The mother of two , who is the Sweaty Betty founder and director , said the shows were a good opportunity for her daughter to get an insight into her mother 's busy schedule . Selfie ! No stranger to the fashion set , the pint-sized business lady was surely picking up some hints and tips for her own line that she runs with Roxy -- Pixie 's Bows . Twinning ! While Pixie ca n't put a foot wrong , her mother found herself committing a fashion faux pas with Vogue 's fashion director Christine Centenera . ` Reality is for me , having a a career in PR and Talent management the shows are part of normal day to day work , ' Jacenko said . ` So having Pixie with me on two occasions was a nice way for her to see what I actually do on a day to day basis when I say I am off to work . ` If anything it 's all opportunity and if I can give either of my children opportunities to see and experience things well I am going to -- that 's what life is about ! ' Pixie and her glamorous mother were not the only pair who took fashion week by storm . Blogger Hass Murad and his cousin Kass Chee at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Wednesday . Murad rocked up with his adorable six-year-old cousin Kass Chee to the venue in matching grey suits . Mini hipster ! Kass Chee looked as if he was born to wear his ASOS suit with Vivienne Westwood shoes and Sunday Somewhere blue tinted shades . Sydney Men 's Style blogger Hass Murad rocked up with his adorable cousin Kass Chee to the venue in matching grey suits . The six-year-old mini hipster looked as if he was born to wear his ASOS suit with Vivienne Westwood shoes and Sunday Somewhere blue tinted shades . Murad , who appeared at his first Australian fashion week this year , said he 'd designed the matching outfits and had them tailor made ahead of the event . ` Kass definitely took fashion week by storm this year , ' Murad told Daily Mail Australia . Mother-daughter day : Designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Icebergs in Bondi on Thursday . Mummy and me : Model manager Jaz Daly and daughter Willow rocked up to the Ellery show . Romeo Beckham , Brooklyn Beckham , Cruz Beckham , Harper Beckham , David Beckham and Anna Wintour at the Autumn Winter 2015 in New York . ` He 's been asking me what 's on and when are the next shows - it 's so exciting to see he 's interested in fashion - it 's great . ` I 've been experimenting with kids fashion and this was a great opportunity to showcase him and for us to wear matching outfits . ` We 'll be doing a winter fashion shoot together , which is coming up soon . It 'll be at the Grounds of Alexandria - so he 's very excited about that . ' Kim Kardashian and Kanye West with their daughter North West attend the Alexander Wang Fashion Show . -LRB- L-R -RRB- Aimie Wang , Alia Wang , Kim Kardashian , North West , Kanye West , Nicki Minaj and Zoe Kravitz attend the Alexander Wang Fashion Show during Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Fall on February 14 in New York City . While A-List celebrities are known to have triggered backlash in the past for taking their children to fashion shows , Murad said there 's nothing wrong with taking youngsters to these events . ` I think it 's totally fine to bring kids to these shows but it depends on the reasons behind it - some might want attention but I 've taken mine to showcase what my kid has , ' Murad added . Last September , Kardashian was a labelled a ` bad mother ' after stepping out in matching sheer outfits with her one-year-old daughter North during Paris Fashion Week .