A police officer has been filmed beating and Tasering a 17-year-old boy during a traffic stop in Virginia . The footage has prompted an investigation into the officers ' conduct - and claims he even tried to delete the video , but failed . Brandon Wyne was in the backseat of the car driven by his friend Courtney Griffith , 18 , on January 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Horrific : Cell phone footage captured the moment Brandon Wyne , 17 , and his friend Courtney Griffith , 18 , were pulled over for a traffic stop that escalated into Wyne being stunned and pepper sprayed . Tried to delete it ? A police officer can be seen stopping the footage before allegedly trying to delete it . However , when the officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car . Griffith said she does not allow marijuana in her car and demanded to be presented with an arrest warrant . Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrive as he is a minor . His resistance prompted an argument , filmed on Griffith 's cell phone , which culminated in the officer spraying Wyne with pepper spray and stunning him with a Taser gun twice . The boy can be seen screaming in pain , shouting : ` I 'm 17 years old ! Stop ! ' Wyne had agreed to get out the car on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrives because he is a minor . The officer retaliated to his request by pepper spraying him in the eyes -LRB- right -RRB- . The boy clutches his eyes , screaming ` Stop ! ' and the officer says , ` you 're going to get it again ' He raises his hands in the air shouting ` Stop ! Stop ! ' and the officer says , ` you 're going to get it again ' - before Tasering him once more . The video stops once Wyne and Griffith are pulled out of the car and a police officer spots the cell phone , propped up on the dashboard . Grabbing the phone , he stops the recording . It has emerged months later after Griffith claims she found it in the ` Recently Deleted ' folder of her cell phone . Reacting to the video , Virginia Beach Police Chief Jim Cervera told WTKR : ` There ` s some things I saw in that that I do not feel comfortable with . ' He added that he will be investigating whether the officer tampered with evidence . A statement released by the Virginia Beach Police Department said the officer under investigation has been placed on administrative duty .