During its 25 years in space , Hubble has provided the world with unprecedented views of the universe . But to help it find alien life , Nasa needs an even more powerful tool to peer back into the depths of our cosmos . The agency hopes to do this with the James Webb Space Telescope , which will be 100 times more potent than Hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang . The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang . Pictured are Nasa scientists completing a series of cryogenic tests on six James Webb Space Telescope beryllium mirror segments . Nasa describes the telescope as a ` powerful time machine with infrared vision that will peer back over 13.5 billion years to see the first stars and galaxies forming out of the darkness of the early universe . ' The project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs - now at about $ 8.8 billion , far higher than the initial estimate of $ 3.5 bn -LRB- £ 2.33 bn -RRB- . But Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch . ` What the Webb will really be doing is looking at the first galaxies of the universe , ' Webb telescope observatory project scientist Mark Clampin . ` We will also be able , with these capabilities , to look in very dark parts of the universe where stars are being born . ' Nasa describes the telescope as a ` powerful time machine with infrared vision that will peer back over 13.5 billion years to see the first stars and galaxies forming out of the darkness of the early universe ' The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang . Pictured is an artist 's impression . The space telescope will weigh 6.4 tons . JWST 's main mirror will be 21ft -LRB- 6.5 metres -RRB- in diameter , three times as large as Hubble 's . Inside a massive room that is partially closed off from view , in clean room where no dust can harm the telescope , a team of engineers dressed in white , resembling surgeons , work on building the JWST . The space telescope will weigh 6.4 tons . JWST 's main mirror will be 21ft -LRB- 6.5 metres -RRB- in diameter , three times as large as Hubble 's . There at least 200 billion Earth-like planets in our galaxy -- and now Nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them . During a talk in Washington earlier this month , the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ` I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' Ellen Stofan , chief scientist for Nasa , said . ` We know where to look , we know how to look , and in most cases we have the technology . ' Jeffery Newmark , interim director of heliophysics at the agency , added : ` It 's definitely not an if , it 's a when . ' ` We are not talking about little green men , ' said Stofan . ` We are talking about little microbes . ' The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places . Jim Green , director of planetary science at Nasa , noted that a recent study of the Martian atmosphere found 50 per cent of the planet 's northern hemisphere once had oceans a mile deep . A joint project of Nasa , the European and canadian space agencies , JWST will carry four instruments , including cameras and spectrometers that can capture extremely faint signals . Infra-red capability will help it observe distant celestial bodies , and its camera shutter will be able to remain open for long periods , explained Matt Greenhouse , JWST project scientist for the science instrument payload . ` The Webb will have 70 times the light-gathering capacity of Hubble . So the combination of the large size and the infra-red capabilities will allow us to observe this epic of the universe past , ' he said in an interview . Even more , the telescope should further the search for life elsewhere in the universe by opening a new window on planets outside the solar system that might have water . Already , Nasa 's Kepler Space telescope , launched in 2009 , has helped astronomers identify thousands of exoplanets . JWST is expected to propel that research even further . ` Webb is quite big enough to have a high probability of finding bio signatures in the atmosphere of exoplanets , evidence of life , ' Greenhouse said . ` We have sensors on board , equipment on board that will enable us to study the atmosphere of exoplanets spectroscopically . So we will be able to understand the composition of those atmospheres , ' he added . ` We can make big progress in the search for life . ' Unlike the Hubble Space Telescope , which circles the Earth , the JWST will go even further , to a place called L2 , for LaGrange Point , 930,000 miles -LRB- 1.5 million km -RRB- away in space . That distance will keep the telescope cold , prevent it from being blinded by its own infra-red light and shelter it from radiation . ` It will follow the Earth around the sun over the course of the year . So it 's in a sun center orbit instead of an Earth center orbit , ' said Greenhouse . The heavy telescope is scheduled to launch atop an Ariane 5 rocket , made by the European Space Agency , from French Guiana in October 2018 . ` Just as Hubble rewrote all the textbooks , Webb will rewrite it again , ' said Greenhouse . Unlike the Hubble Space Telescope , which circles the Earth , the JWST will go even further , to a place called L2 , for LaGrange Point , 930,000 miles -LRB- 1.5 million km -RRB- away in space . The distance will keep the telescope cold , prevent it from being blinded by its own infra-red light and shelter it from radiation . The heavy telescope , pictured here during testing , is scheduled to launch atop an Ariane 5 rocket , made by the European Space Agency , from French Guiana in October 2018 .