Joe Root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the West Indies as he was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson . Root impressed with the bat on day four of the second Test in Grenada by scoring 182 runs in the beaming Caribbean sun . The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after Anderson 's careless run out as he made his way back to the pavilion . Joe Root speaks to England team-mate James Anderson after his run out during the first innings in Grenada . Root shows his frustration by throwing down his helmet and gloves as he makes his back into the pavilion . Root chucks his helmet to the floor after being denied the chance of hitting a double century in Grenada . The England batsman waves his bat in disgust after Anderson 's lack of concentration at the crease . It was Root who called for the second run , however Anderson carelessly strolled back and failed to run his bat into the ground . Jason Holder , who was standing by the wicket , used his impressive stature to pluck the ball out of the air before taking the bails off . Root then slapped his bat on the ground to show his anger towards Anderson 's pathetic running which cost his England team-mate a double century . The pair did eventually make up when they walked off for lunch following the West Indies spell at the crease . Root 's masterclass ensured England held a lead of 165 over the West Indies going into the second innings . Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out following a fine catch by Jason Holder . West Indies star Holder leaps in the air before hitting the stumps to end Root 's chance of scoring 200 runs . Holder takes the bails off while Anderson makes his way to the crease without sliding his bat on the floor . The 24-year-old looks dismayed following Anderson 's careless mistake in between the wickets . Root and Anderson made up as they returned to the pavilion for lunch during West Indies ' second innings .