A woman was caught on camera sobbing with blood on her face as she was being arrested for the stabbing death of her husband in San Diego Sunday . Sandra Mathis , 52 , surrendered to police just after 4.45 pm in the 1800 block of Commercial Street after police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband 's upper torso . The 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck . He was taken to UCSD Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead from his injuries two hours later . Scroll down for video . Bloody Sunday : Sandra Mathis , 52 , was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument . The woman was caught on camera weeping with blood on her face during her arrest Sunday . In broad daylight : Mathis ' 48-year-old husband was found bleeding from a wound in his neck under a bridge in the 1800 block of Commercial Street in San Diego Sunday afternoon . According to police , the victim and his wife were homeless and living in a makeshift tent camp under a bridge in the Barrio Logan section of San Diego . Police officers who responded to the scene found Sandra Mathis trying to revive her mortally wounded husband , but to no avail , according to the station CBS8 . News cameras were rolling as the dishevelled , blood-spattered woman missing several teeth was placed in handcuffs . Mrs Mathis was charged with murder and taken to the Los Colinas Detention Facility . Responding officers seized a knife believed to be the murder weapon from the scene . First aid : Officers found Sandra Mathis trying to revive her mortally wounded husband . Strained marriage : Mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems . Police said there was no history of domestic violence between the couple down-on-their-luck couple , but their friends said they both had a drinking problem . Investigators say the stabbing was sparked by an argument between the husband and wife . Carmen Chambers , who knew Mathis and her spouse , said they appeared to be devoted to one another , but their difficult circumstances may have put a strain on their relationship .