The chilling reenactment of how executions are carried out in Indonesia which was broadcast to millions of viewers is set to become a brutal reality for Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran . Time has run out for the Bali Nine ringleaders who will face 12 marksmen , with only three of them holding loaded guns , at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday night - 3 am Eastern Standard Time - in the depths of the jungle on Nusakambangan Island in Java . The Australian men are expected to be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3 km steep winding track to a place called Nirbaya - or more appropriately known as Death Valley . Scroll down for video . Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- left -RRB- and Andrew Chan -LRB- right -RRB- will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded as they face the firing squad at the stoke of midnight on Tuesday . The final chilling steps to execution in Indonesia . A disturbing recreation of the execution was aired on Indonesian TV the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in January . Millions of viewers watched the chilling reenactment of the execution played out on national TV . The condemned pair will be given white clothing to wear , which symbolises the afterlife , before beginning their fatal trek and are given the option to be blindfolded with a piece of fabric before facing the firing squad who will be lined up anywhere from five to 10 metres in front of them . The confronting decisions continue for the death row inmates with the opportunity to choose whether to stand , sit or kneel before a cross is placed over their hearts acting as a target for the 12 riflemen - of which nine will have blanks and only three will have live rounds . If necessary their hands or feet will be tied to a 3m high pole or worse still - a wooden execution chair . The offender is then given a final chance to calm down for a maximum of three minutes before the riflemen are ordered to shoot them in the heart . It is then that the executing commander brandishes his sword as a sign for the 12 shooters to begin to fire their rifles . If the doctor confirms once the fires have been shot that the prisoner is still breathing - the executing commander orders for a pistol be put to the temple just above the ear for a final shot . However , the shooting can continue on the condemned , if the doctor declares that there is still signs of life . Some of the last words the men will hear are ` laksanakan , laksanakan ' - meaning ` execute , execute ' in Indonesian . The Australian men will be given a maximum of three minutes to calm down before being shot in the heart . Three shooters will have live rounds while nine other rifelemen will have blanks . The TV footage broadcasted four months ago showed Brimob executioners dressed in military fatigues with semi-automatic rifles practicing for the following day 's execution by repeatedly firing at bullseye targets . Not even refusing to sign their death warrants on Saturday will delay the pair 's deaths for their hand in plotting to smuggle 8 kg of heroin out of Bali 10 years ago . The stark reality struck for the pair when they requested their final wishes - Sukumaran to continue his love of painting right up until the bitter end and Chan , who became a minister during his time behind bars , to attend a church service with his family . The prisoners can also make a final written request which can include declaring their guilt or innocence , along with how and where they wish to be buried . One of the last paintings Sukumaran will ever create was shown to the media on the Javanese island by his Australian lawyer Julian McMahon on Saturday . The haunting self portrait depicts a gun shot wound to his heart . This comes as coffins with both men 's names and Wednesday 's date were inscribed on wooden crosses by local funeral director Suhendra Putro . The clearing where the pair will be executed called Nirbaya - or more appropriately known as Death Valley . Sukumaran 's self portrait shows a gaping wound on his heart -LRB- left -RRB- and the chilling words ' 72 hrs just started ' on the back of the frame -LRB- right -RRB- . The television report also listed 27 very precise points about how the execution will be carried out . A disturbing video of just how the executions would be played out was aired across Indonesia the day before the executions of five foreign drug traffickers on January 18 this year . The eerie step-by-step recreation on Channel 1 shows a white figure wearing a black hood over its head with its arms tied behind its head - while the firing squad is represented by a row of toy or robotic looking figures . The television report also listed 27 very precise points about how the execution will be carried out . Apart from the reenactment , the video shows the actual Brimob executioners dressed in military fatigues with semi-automatic rifles practicing for the following day 's execution by repeatedly firing at bullseye targets . The Australian men are expected to be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3 km steep winding track before meeting their demise . Chan -LRB- left -RRB- and Sukumaran -LRB- right -RRB- will have the choice of standing , sitting or kneeling before they face the firing squad . If necessary their hands or feet will be tied to a 3m high pole or worse still - a wooden execution chair . 1 . Convict is given clean , simple , and white clothing before being taken to a place or location of the implementation of the death penalty . 2 . When brought to the place or location of the implementation of the death penalty , the convict can be accompanied by a member of the clergy . 3 . The support team is ready at the appointed place two -LRB- 2 -RRB- hours before the time of execution of the death penalty . 4 . Team shooters have been gathered in preparation at the location of the implementation of the death penalty , one -LRB- 1 -RRB- hour prior . 5 . Team shooter sets the position and puts the 12 -LRB- twelve -RRB- rifles in front of the pole position of the implementation of the death penalty at a distance of five -LRB- 5 -RRB- meters up to ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- feet and back to the prep area . 6 . Execution commander reports his team 's readiness to prosecutors executor by saying ` report execution of the death penalty is ready ' 7 . Execution attorney conducts a final check of death row and the weapons used for the implementation of the death penalty . 8 . After the inspection is completed , the prosecutor orders the executing commander calls out ` execute ' and then repeats the utterance ` execute ' 9 . The execution commander orders the firing squad commander to fill and lock arms ammunition into twelve -LRB- 12 -RRB- rifles with three -LRB- 3 -RRB- rounds of live ammunition and nine -LRB- 9 -RRB- roundsof blanks . 10 . The prosecutor orders the commander of the execution squad to bring the convicted man to a position shooting and release his handcuffs and tie his hands and feet to a pillar in a standing , sitting , or kneeling position , unless otherwise specified by the prosecutor . 11 . The offender is given a last chance to calm down a maximum of 3 -LRB- three -RRB- minutes , accompanied by a clergy member . 12 . The commander team places a black cloth over the eyes of the convicted man , unless the convict refuses . 13 . Doctors place a black mark on the convict 's clothes right over the heart as the place to shoot at . Then the doctor withdraws . 14 . The commander reports to the execution prosecutor that the convicted person is ready to receive the death penalty . 15 . The execution prosecutor gives the sign/gesture to the commander to begin immediately implementing the shooting of the convict . 16 . Commander provides a sign / gesture to the firing squad commander to bring the firing squad to the front position . 17 . Execution commander takes his place in front of the right side facing of the firing squad . 18 . The execution commander ensures the firing squad is ready to fire . 19 . The implementing commander draws a sword as a symbol for the firing squad to aim towards the heart of the convict . 20 . The executing commander brandishes the sword forward as a cue to the firing squad to unlock weapons . 21 . The executing commander brings down the sword as a gesture to tell the firing squad to perform simultaneous shooting . 22 . After shooting is finished the executing commander sheaths his sword as a cue to the firing squad to stand their weapons . 23 . The executing commander and doctors check the condition of the convicted person and if the doctor thinks that the convict is still showing signs of life , the prosecutor makes an order to the shooting commander . 24 . The executing commander and doctors check the condition of the convicted person and if the convict is still breathing orders that a pistol be put to his temple just above the ear for a final shot . 25 . Shooting can be repeated , if according to a doctor 's certificate is still signs of life . 26 . Execution of the death penalty is declared finished , if the doctor has stated that there are no more signs of life on the convict . 27 . Completion of the firing squad and the shooting commander orders its members to remove the magazine and empty their weapons .