A Romanian television presenter has been forced to pay compensation to her plastic surgeon after making a joke on-air that he was a tax dodger . Simona Trasca , 34 , known as ` Romania 's Pamela Anderson ' , said in an interview on national television that her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it . Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca 's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter . Bad boob-joke : Simona Trasca , 34 , said in an interview that her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it , so her plastic surgeon sued her . Plastic fantastic : Ms Trasca , 34 , inadvertently called her surgeon a tax dodger when she joked her latest operation only cost her £ 363 . Ms Trasca had made the remark as part of a joke about her latest boob job saying : ` I got such a small bill for such a big job , in fact it was only 2000 lei -LRB- £ 363 -RRB- . ' She had then admitted that the course she had actually paid the equivalent of £ 3,000 , which was probably a fairer reflection of the value of her new assets . A local court ruled in favour of Dr Valcu , accepted that the comments could be regarded as defamatory and ordered her to pay compensation . As well as paying Dr Valcu £ 1,500 , Ms Trasca he will also have to take adverts in the main Romanian newspapers pointing out that her statement was not correct . Did not see the funny side : Dr Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca 's comments were defamatory and sued her . Expensive joke : Ms Trasca , a model and TV presenter known as ` Romania 's Pamela Anderson ' was ordered to pay Dr Valcu £ 1,500 in compensation and take out ads in national newspapers apologising for the joke . It is not the first time Dr Valcu is involved in a scandal with one of his patients over their breast enlargements . In May last year , TV host Oana Zavoranu tried to blackmail him by saying that she can start a media defamation campaign against him because she was unhappy with her seventh boob-job . She had threatened to tell media that the doctor did illegal plastic surgery work funded by taxpayer money . However , her plan backfired when he called the police and she was caught while taking £ 7,000 in marked money from him . Fail : Another TV presenter , Oana Zavoranu tried to blackmail Dr Valcu because she was unhappy with her seventh boobjob , but was instead caught stealing £ 7,000 from him .