Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown , the unarmed , black 18-year-old who was fatally shot by a white police officer in a St. Louis suburb , announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson . Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday . The lawsuit had been expected . Attorneys for Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , and his father , Michael Brown Sr. , announced at a press conference in early March that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed ` soon . ' Scroll down for video . Plans : Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson . Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer , Darren Wilson , in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014 . Wilson resigned in November . Attorneys said at the time that the lawsuit would also name former Officer Darren Wilson , who shot Brown . The statement Wednesday did not mention Brown , and a spokesman for the law firm said he could not provide any additional information about the lawsuit . Brown 's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national ` Black Lives Matter ' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities . A St. Louis County grand jury and the U.S. Justice Department declined to prosecute Wilson , who resigned in November . But the Justice Department last month released a scathing report citing racial bias and profiling in the Ferguson Police Department and a profit-driven municipal court system that frequently targets black residents . Several city officials resigned following the review , including the city manager , police chief and municipal judge . The municipal court clerk was fired for racist emails . Attorneys for Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , and his father , Michael Brown Sr. , announced at a press conference in early March that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed ` soon ' Brown 's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national ` Black Lives Matter ' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities .