The polls predict the Lib Dems face a bloodbath on election day , with dozens of their MPs fighting for their survival . But the metaphor became all too real for Stephen Gilbert when he was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in Cornwall . He joked that the dog had ` unresolved anger issues ' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand . Lib Dem Stephen Gilbert posted this image online of his bloodied hand after being bitten by a dog on the campaign . Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay , and Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs on May 7 . His run-in with the dog happened while canvassing this morning . The animal took a lump out of his right hand as he posted a leaflet through a letterbox . He posted a photo of his injury on Twitter . It showed him wiping away the blood with his handkerchief and the message : ` Am guessing this dog had unresolved anger issues . ' But undeterred by the injury , and perhaps recognising that the Tories pose a bigger threat to his survival , he planned to return to the streets this afternoon . A Liberal Democrat spokesman said he was delivering a leaflets through doors at the time . He said : ` He was out in the constituency delivering a leaflet through a letter box when the dog bit him . It is a hazard of the job and all politicians are vulnerable to it . ` Stephen has been treated at the minor injuries unit at the local hospital this morning and has been bandaged up with a few painkillers . He will be back on the campaign trail this afternoon . ' Mr Gilbert joked that the dog had ` unresolved anger issues ' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand . A quarter of MPs have admitted to being chased or bitten by a dog while out campaigning for re-election , a study showed earlier this month . Cornwall is a major battleground for the Lib Dems , with three seats coming under heavy fire from the Tories . Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains , stopping off in Hampshire where the Lib Dems held Eastleigh after Chris Huhne was jailed . But behind the scenes , senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to ` in the thirties ' after a catastrophic collapse in support . Mr Clegg today admitted that his party was fighting ` tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats . Instead of battling to win seats across the country , the party has highly targeted strategy , effectively fighting 60 by-elections in constituencies where his candidates stand a chance . A party source said if the party had a group of MPs numbering ` in the 30s ' it could potentially hold the balance of power after May 7 and be able to once again form part of a coalition government . The senior Lib Dem , closely involved in the party 's election strategy , said the campaign 's focus was increasingly on between 10 and 15 marginal seats - some held by the party and a few targets - with other constituencies either assessed as safe or effectively written off . Mr Clegg today admitted that his party was fighting ` tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats . Assessing the election outcome , the source said : ` Everything is so marginal , we need to get into the 30s and the other parties need to sort themselves out and we will see what the answer is . ` There are now basically two possible outcomes to this election - we can either get a minority government or a coalition with the Lib Dems in it . ' Asked if a seat count in the 30s was realistic , the source said : ` Oh yes . ' Pressed on whether that was a ` best case ' scenario , the senior Lib Dem said : ` I would like to say 150 , but I think in fairness you would n't believe me . ` There are lots of marginal seats . There 's a marginal outcome in 40 seats for us and if we won every one of those marginal contests we would get to 40-odd . ' Opinion polls by YouGov since 2010 show the dramatic collapse in the Lib Dem support , to barely 8 per cent . The Lib Dems won 57 seats in the 2010 election but have been hit by a slump in popularity after forming the coalition government with the Conservatives . Mr Clegg travelled to Eastleigh , the scene of a 2013 by-election triumph , to spell out the intensity with which the party would fight in its target seats . The Lib Dems have built up a reputation as formidable campaigners in by-election contests , including in the Hampshire seat which they held following the resignation of disgraced former cabinet minister Chris Huhne , despite a Ukip surge . Mr Clegg and the party 's election strategists have insisted the poor national opinion poll ratings , which have seen the party stuck around the 8 per cent mark , are not reflected in the data gathered by canvassers and internal polling .