If they did n't know it already , Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to Chelsea 's next generation of exciting starlets that he can not absorb them all into his first-team squad . ` I can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids , ' said Mourinho , as his club prepare for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final , at Manchester City . Ask around about youth development and most experts feel Chelsea are getting it right at Academy level . Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to Chelsea 's next generation that he can not use them all at once . Chelsea captain isiah Brown celebrates with the trophy after victory in the UEFA Youth League final . Ruben Loftus-Cheek has been part of the the first-team at Chelsea and is set to get his chance next season . The Under 19s won the UEFA Youth League last week and the Under 18s will attempt to defend the Youth Cup against Manchester City , another club working hard with some signs of success in this area . Neither of them , however , has quite solved the problem of bridging the final void , converting this prized talent into first-team footballers . John Terry was the last at Chelsea , but one or two of this crop are considered to have a genuine chance and Mourinho has promised 19-year-old Ruben Loftus-Cheek his opportunity next season . ` Next season , Ruben will not be a kid in the development process , ' said Mourinho . ` He will be a first-team player , absolutely ready to play and compete . And we will do the same with two or three or four players . ` Some of the older ones will go on loan to play every game in the Championship or the Premier League , even abroad . And we will bring some of the younger ones into the process . But to have them all at the same time in the first-team squad is hard . ` I can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids . I must have a squad like we have now of 16 or 17 seniors and three or four kids . ' John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea and he has gone on to become captain . Terry celebrates after Chelsea beat Manchester United on Saturday to tighten their grip on the title . Strikers Isiah Brown , 18 , and Dominic Solanke , 17 , are earmarked for big things , but Loftus-Cheek , at Chelsea since the age of eight , has precisely what Mourinho wants in his midfield . He is tall , strong , athletic , and has poise on the ball . He is not dissimilar to Nemanja Matic in style and might just save the club £ 70million they might otherwise be tempted to spend on someone like Paul Pogba from Juventus . This would be an enormous boost for Chelsea as they wriggle within the confines of UEFA 's Financial Fair Play . Strikers Isiah Brown , 18 , and Dominic Solanke , 17 , are earmarked for big things after the European success . Loftus-Cheek , at Chelsea since the age of eight , has precisely what Mourinho wants in his first-team midfield . Mourinho would like extra muscle in central midfield for the big games . His experiments with Kurt Zouma alongside Matic have gone quite well , but ideally , he would prefer someone who can perform the same defensive duties and still flex into attack with pace and vision . Also , he will need Zouma at centre half . Pogba would strengthen Mourinho 's team but what signal would that send to Loftus-Cheek , and the rest of those striving to graduate at Cobham and the give the club something it craves ? The Chelsea manager said : ` From that team that won the UEFA Youth League , four belong to my squad . Four are my players , first-team players who train with the first-team every day and develop with the first-team . When they 're not selected with the first-team - and normally they 're not selected - they go back and play there . ` Their development is easier when they 're training every day with the first-team , doing pre-season , playing some matches , playing 20 minutes or half an hour in an FA Cup match , Capital One Cup match , even a Champions League match or in the league now and again . The tall , powerful midfielder got his chance to play at Stamford Bridge against Sporting Lisbon in December . Paul Pogba is a player Chelsea are looking at but would cost £ 70million , a cost they could do with avoiding . ` They belong to a process . I ca n't have 10 of these young players in my squad but I can have three or four and we did that with Loftus-Cheek , Brown , -LRB- Andreas -RRB- Christensen and -LRB- Nathan -RRB- Ake - and Solanke a few times . ' In tandem with this quest to nurture their own , Chelsea still cast around the globe and are scrambling to sign 19-year-old Brazilian striker Nathan from Atletico Paranaense and 22-year-old Yoshinori Muto from Tokyo . When these names were thrown his way , Mourinho shrugged and replied : ` I 'm not working on that , not at all . I do n't make offers , I coach players . ' On Nathan , he added : ` He 's a player that our structure followed , and our structure thinks it 's a player with potential for the future . Chelsea are set to announce the £ 4.5 million signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan as part of their recruitment . Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto is another player Chelsea are interested in but Mourinho is not involved . ` If the deal is close , I will try to help him , as I try to help everyone , to become a Chelsea player . But he 's not a player in my squad now , or a player I 'm waiting for . I 'm focused just on my job and my team . My team I love . My squad I love . The objective we are fighting for , I love it too . ' His words reinforced the impression that one branch of Chelsea 's development arm is busily signing , loaning and selling footballers with a view to economic gain ; making money while hedging its bets in case one of these players turn out to be extra special . While another branch is focused more closely on producing players who might one day represent the club . Patrick Bamford is enjoying a very successful loan spells this season could force Mourinho into playing him . There is cross-over in the middle , of course , with those like Patrick Bamford and Bertrand Traore enjoying very successful loan spells this season and perhaps forcing Mourinho one day soon to consider if they are worth a chance in his squad . But as the manager has made clear , all these players are fighting for a maximum of ` three or four ' places in the squad . It is a daunting task .