A marathon runner who parked his car before taking part in the race has found it again nine days after the 26 mile event following a public appeal . Jason Matthews , 40 , left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the Manchester Marathon on April 19 . But when the runner from Wolverhampton finished the race after five hours 11 minutes of running he was unable to remember where he had parked it . Jason Matthews , 40 , -LRB- pictured after the race -RRB- lost his car after parking up before the Manchester Marathon on April 19 and is about to be reunited with it after a Good Samaritan gave up his day off to join the search . Mr Matthews spent hours searching for his missing car , even retracing some of the marathon route before enlisting the help of a taxi driver to help him . He spent 40 minutes driving through the area of the city surrounding Manchester United 's Old Trafford ground before going to a police station to ask for help , but eventually had to give up and get a train back to his home in the Midlands . However , his car has now been found safe and sound by Adam Coppin from Salford , who read of Mr Matthews 's plight and decided to use his day off to help . Mr Coppin , 32 , spent this morning searching for Mr Matthews 's car and found it safe and sound in an office car park in Salford Quays . ` I 've been in similar situations parking at work , then forgetting what floor of the multi-storey I 've parked on and walking around for ages , ' said Mr Coppin , who works as a technical advisor at MediaCityUK . ` I could imagine his frustration , especially after running a marathon . ` I read the story on Monday night and had an idea from the description where it might be . ` As I had today off , I decided to go out and look for it and managed to find it . ` There is no damage apart from a few blossoms falling down on it from the tree above . I 'm glad I could help . ' Mr Matthews left his black Saab 93 , similar to this model , in a side street close to Manchester United 's Old Trafford ground before the race . Mr Matthews , a delivery driver for a builders ' merchants , said he could remember driving into Manchester up Princess Parkway and then onto the Mancunian Way , before taking the A56 towards Trafford on his way to the race . He then remembers driving past Old Trafford on his left before parking up in a car park on a side street near a small office block . Mr Matthews , who was competing in the Manchester Marathon for the first time , said : ` The area looked like a small estate and there were chaps with high vis vests waving people in . ` I did the race then walked back past Old Trafford and looked around for about an hour . ` I actually ended up walking part of the course again . ` Then I spent about 40 minutes in a taxi and we looked all around near the Imperial War Museum but could n't find it . Mr Matthews had searched this area of Manchester during the hunt for his missing car . ` I went to the police station and there was another chap and a lady there in exactly the same position . ' Mr Matthews , who has competed in nine other marathons , added : ` I was that worn out , I was just anxious and annoyed . Manchester council had told him there was no record of the vehicle , which had a silver bike rack attached to it , being towed or impounded . Grateful Mr Matthews said he was so relieved to be reunited with the vehicle that he wants to make a donation to a charity of Mr Coppin 's choice in order to say thank you . He plans to travel to Manchester tomorrow to retrieve his vehicle . ` I am so relieved , it 's a massive burden lifted off me , ' he said . ` I 'm so glad I do n't have to go out looking for it again or buy a new car . I am so grateful to this chap for finding it for me . ` Once I 've got it back I 'd like to make a donation to a charity of his choice to say thank you for his troubles . '