She 's the queen of reinvention who has tried her hand at many a field outside her record-breaking pop career , from acting to business and philanthropy . She 's even opened a chain of gyms . But the consensus seems to be in on Madonna 's turn at comedy : she 's just not funny . The 56-year-old , who describes herself as a ` closet comedian ' , has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday . Scroll down for video . Awkward : Madonna performs a stand-up on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday , however the routine did not go down too well . Giuseppe Zanotti Concealed Wedge Heel Hi-Top Sneakers . Buy them now at Farfetch ! Visit site . Madonna 's had an absolute mare of it on live TV has n't she ?! The singer took that infamous tumble during her Brits performance and now she 's bombed slightly during her stand up routine on The Today Show . The blonde bombshell might have been Like A Virgin when it came to cracking jokes on telly , but she 's a seasoned pro when it comes to her style ! She rocked this all over Moschino look in the way only Madonna can , and lent some bling to the proceedings with these Giuseppe Zanotti hi-top wedges . Instantly recognizable with that concealed wedge and heavy-duty zip ad buckle detail , these kicks have now reached cult Hollywood status , having been rocked by everyone from Jennifer Lopez to Cheryl Cole . These hi-tops actually come in a variety of colours , but we 're coveting Madonna 's snakeskin pair the most . So why not invest in these drool-worthy hi-tops now by following the link -LRB- right -RRB- ? If you 're a tad put off by the A-list price tag , then take a peek at our alternatives on the high street below . We love this Manish Arora number or bag a bargain with these gold wedge Forever 21 kicks . Forever 21 Clear Cut Wedge Sneakers -LRB- now on sale for $ 27.99 ! -RRB- . Visit site . Adidas Superstar Up Casual Sneakers at Macy 's . Visit site . United Nude Runner Sneakers at Shopbop . Visit site . Manish Arora Laser Cut Hearts Sneakers -LRB- now on sale for $ 632 ! -RRB- at Luisaviaroma . Visit site . Yo yo : The 56-year-old singer described herself as a ` closet comedian ' before getting up for an ` impromptu ' stand up routine . She told jokes about dating a 26-year-old man and her collection of Andy Warhol paintings . Cracking up : If no one else , Fallon found the stand-up pretty hilarious by the looks of things . ` Her three-minute routine was either the biggest bomb in late-night history or the most subversive , introspective critique of superstardom ever broadcast to a mass audience , ' The Daily Beast reported . Crushable added : ` Unfortunately this segment just was n't funny , intentionally or unintentionally or anything in between . It was just very confusing , and a little sad . Okay , a lot sad . ' The Chron said it was filled with ` awkward jokes and forced laughter ' . Yahoo went the whole way and said the performance was ` a bomb ' . The routine appeared to be rehearsed , however Madonna and Fallon tried to make it look spur-of-the-moment and impromptu . ` Ladies and gentleman , You 're in for a real treat right now . An up and coming comedienne , making her stand-up comedy debut tonight , from Bay City , Michigan , the very funny Madonna , ' Jimmy said as Madonna re-entered from behind a curtain . ` Thank you , so great to be here , ' the singer laughed after sprinting to the microphone . She then told a joke about dating a 26-year-old man who was admiring her collection of Andy Warhol paintings . ` And he goes , wait a minute , you have so many . Did you know the guy ? ' Madonna said as the punchline and then explained why it was funny . ` So I decided to move up the food chain and started dating a 28-year-old , ' she said . Closet comedienne : The pop icon decided to give stand-up a shot for the first time on The Tonight Show . After admiring her Picasso her boy-toy asked if he also painted the Mona Lisa . ` We broke up , ' Madonna said . ` I just wanted to say there is an upside to dating younger guys , that is they 're really good with phones , ' Madonna joked . ` I crack myself up , ' she said at one point . At another point , which was perhaps the most excruciating , she said of one of her jokes : ` It 's funny , is n't it ? ' However some commentators said Madge was fantastic . They pointed out she was just having some fun . HitFix called it ` adorable ' , while Perez Hilton found it ` hilarious ' . Breaking it down : Madge also tried to show Fallon some of her dance moves . Madonna joined Jimmy Fallon and The Roots on Thursday night for a rendition of Holiday with classroom instruments . Madonna had recently revealed to Jonathan Ross on his chat show that she wanted to try her hand at stand-up comedy . She added to Fallon that her concert tours are so elaborate and cost ` a billion dollars ' to make and transport , so ` no one makes any money ' . She said she was drawn to the simplicity of just walking out on stage and talking . In taking over The Tonight Show , she first joined Fallon and The Roots for an acoustic version of her 1983 hit Holiday using nothing but classroom instruments . During her interview with Jimmy told him how she ` was not cool enough ' for her kids . ` They remind me everyday how uncool I am . They tell me everyday that I ca n't be basic . `` Mom , that 's so basic . ' '' she said . She reminisced fondly of her early days in the music business when there were no expectations . The singer contrasted her early years trying to make it New York City to today 's artists with social media at their fingertips . ` You had to take cassette tapes to clubs . You had to do shows and perform live , ' she said . After the sit-down interview , she closed by performing Bitch I 'm Madonna , a song from her new album . Rebel Rebel Heart . The performance featured DJ Diplo and a posse of back-up dancings snaking through the halls of 30 Rock .