No wonder James Freedman 's super-nimble hands are insured for a huge sum -- for the fingers he uses to steal wallets are the tools of his trade . ` You can pinch anything off anyone -- apart from their shoes ! ' he says . Now he 's exhibiting his ` skills ' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show , called Man Of Steal , in which he even takes off someone 's tie without them realising . Scroll down for video . The watch : James Freedman removes Harry Mount 's timepiece without him noticing in his pickpocketing lesson . For years he 's been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime . He has also advised the Metropolitan Police and taught the ` art ' to actors -- showing the boy who played the Artful Dodger in Roman Polanski 's film Oliver Twist how to pick a pocket or two . Freedman , 49 , describes himself as ` the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet ' . So I ask him to show me how those crooks we all fear go about their surreptitious trade . First , he says , they ` fan the mark ' . The ` mark ' is the victim . So ` fanning ' is using your hand with the fingers spread out to feel for valuables , usually using the back of the hand . ` It 's a light , fluttering motion and , if executed correctly , the victim is n't aware of it , ' says Freedman . Next -- and this is vitally important -- distract your victim : pat them on the shoulder with one hand as you ask the time and use your other hand to lift their wallet . Or just look into their eyes , so their peripheral vision does n't see your hand darting into their pocket . The wallet : Harry is now without his cash and cred cards thanks to Freedman 's nimble fingers . The phone : Daylight robbery and Mount does n't even feel a thing . Or -- a much more simple ruse -- ` accidentally ' bump into them . ` A classic trick is to pretend you are helping them . For example , carry a sachet of mayonnaise or ketchup , put a pin in it and squirt it at someone from a distance . Go up to them and start cleaning up their jacket . While you 're doing it , pick their pocket . ' To describe his activities , Freedman uses old-fashioned pickpocket patter , much of which dates back to 18th-century thieves . ` Poke ' is slang for a wallet . ` Skinning the poke ' means stealing one , taking out the money and throwing away the empty wallet . The easiest target is one who has their wallet -LRB- or phone -RRB- in the most vulnerable place : the back trouser pocket . Freedman uses two fingers in a pincer-like movement to steal it . His favourite ploy is to strike as the victim walks away from him -- because they are less likely to feel a hand in their pocket while they are moving . Shady business : Freedman shows how a folded newspaper can be used to steal a pair of sunglasses . Freedman shows how to remove a pair of expensive sunglasses hanging from a jacket breast pocket by flicking them out and catching them with a folded newspaper . When he does it to me , I do n't feel a thing . Crucially , he ensures he does n't ` tip the bit ' -- that is , draw attention to the pickpocketing action . He thought he 'd tipped the bit when he stole the pen from my pocket and it made a clicking noise . Needless to say , I did n't notice . Not surprisingly , the most difficult target is a watch . I challenge him to remove mine without me noticing . It is tightly held on my wrist with a leather strap . It is n't just buckled , but it also goes through a tight retaining loop . Fixing my gaze , Freedman puts his hand lightly on top of my watch , unbuckles it and whisks it away . I do n't feel anything in the entire operation and do n't look down because our eyes are firmly locked . More oddly , I do n't notice the watch 's absence once removed . ` People have a muscle memory , ' says Freedman . ` They do n't notice if something 's gone , however heavy it is , whether it 's a handkerchief -- or your notebook . ' With that , he hands me back my hefty notebook , which I thought had been securely tucked inside my breast pocket . Somehow , he 'd removed it . For all his skill as a pickpocket , Freedman says he has never used it for anything other for entertainment . ` I never steal . ' However , he admits one exception : he once saw a woman being pickpocketed outside Harrods , decided to pickpocket the pickpocket and gave the purse back to the victim . Proudly , Freedman says the smartly dressed thief -- who realised too late what had happened -- went up to him afterwards and said : ` Nice work . ' Freedman first became interested in pickpocketing as a child when he was mugged . ` They took my pocket money and beat me up , ' he says . Not long after , he saw a theatrical pickpocket on TV -- and then saw his father being pickpocketed on a trip to Paris . He now uses his skills to expose quite how vulnerable we all are to the growing number of pickpockets on our streets . Apparently , Prague and Barcelona are the most dangerous places for pickpockets in Europe ; London is listed tenth . As we walk down London 's Oxford Street , he points out some easy prey : a woman sitting on a bench with an open bag next to her and a man with an unzipped pocket , a phone clearly visible inside it . Daylight robbery : The pickpocket specialist offers Harry directions while slipping a hand inside his pocket . Distraction : As Harry looks into the distance , his mobile phone has been stolen and is about to disappear into Freedman 's pocket . He can identify the model of a phone by the shape of the bulge in your pocket . ` Samsung ... iPhone ... iPhone , ' he says as we pass people whose phones , inside their pockets , are invisible to me . Once , pickpockets concentrated on loose change and handkerchiefs , but now mobile phones account for half of pickpocketing crimes . Freedman says : ` If I stopped everyone and told them how vulnerable they are , I 'd never have any time left to do anything else . ' Mobile phones are the perfect item for pickpockets -- ` It 's called Apple or BlackBerry picking ' -- but the information about the owner contained on the Sim card is more useful to the thief than the phone 's intrinsic value because it contains a wealth of personal information and possibly even bank details . These days , with clever software , criminals do n't even have to steal the phone . They can ` skim ' it -- place their own phone over it and copy all your data . Pickpockets carefully look for the moment you use your phone . They 'll watch to see which pocket you put it back in -- and pounce . Ironically , a favourite spot is near signs that say : ` Beware of Pickpockets . ' According to Freedman : ` When we see such signs , we instinctively pat our pockets to check our valuables are OK . And the pickpocket is watching to see where the item is kept . ' After spending time with this cunning man , I ca n't help keep patting my pockets obsessively as I walk along the street . I hope a real pickpocket -- rather than a master showman -- is n't watching me . MAN Of Steal is at the Menier Chocolate Factory , London SE1 1RU , until April 27 .