David Cameron 's manifesto pledge to dramatically extend Margaret Thatcher 's right-to-buy policy was this morning attacked as a ` deeply unfair ' bribe which will cost taxpayers billions of pounds . In a bold pitch to working class voters , the Prime Minister said the Tories would offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . But the National Housing Federation said the subsidy - which will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties - will cost taxpayers £ 5.8 billion and was effectively worth £ 100,000 to each family who benefited . Scroll down for video . Thatcher 's plan : Prime Minister David Cameron will announce an extension of the right-to-buy scheme which will allow all 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . The Chartered Institute of Housing , meanwhile , said the move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis - and could even make it worse by cutting the number of low-cost social homes available for poor families . Labour jumped on the remarks this morning , claiming the policy had ` unravelled ' and pointed to figures showing that last year just 479 council homes were sold off -- raising £ 100million , or 2 per cent of the funds promised by the Tories . But the Home Secretary Theresa May defended the policy on the BBC this morning -- insisting it was affordable and would give families the opportunity to live in a home that they owned . She said : ` It is a very important policy because it shows what sort of government a Conservative government would be . It shows that we 're a government that 's on the side of working people who want to get on a build a better future for themselves and their families . ' Unveiling the Conservative manifesto this morning , Mr Cameron declared the ` dream of a property-owning democracy is alive ' . He said : ` The next Conservative government will extend the right-to-buy to all housing association tenants in this country -- 1.3 million extra families -- a new generation given the security of a home of their own . ' Original plan : The right-to-buy scheme became Lady Thatcher 's most famous single policy . The pledge to extend right-to-buy , which was introduced in 1980 but has now been stopped in its tracks by Labour in Wales and the SNP in Scotland , will delight the Tory faithful , who were buoyed last night by a six-point poll lead over Labour . But the policy was branded ` deeply unfair ' by housing associations and industry experts today . National Housing Federation director Ruth Davison said the extension of Right to Buy to housing association properties was ` the wrong solution to our housing crisis ' . She said : ` A very conservative estimate of this policy puts the cost to the taxpayer of at least £ 5.8 billion . ` Following 40 years of successive governments ' failure to build the homes the country needs , soaring rents and house prices and the biggest baby boom since the 1950s , ensuring that there enough homes today and tomorrow must be our nation 's top priority . ' She added : ` Halfway through a programme of austerity and in the grips of a housing crisis , if you had £ 20 billion of taxpayers ' money , would you just give it away as a gift to some of the most securely housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents ? ' Gavin Smart , deputy chief executive of the Chartered Institute of Housing , said the move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis . He said : ` In fact it could make things worse for people on lower incomes who are already struggling to access a decent home at a price they can afford . ` Individual tenants might benefit from the opportunity to own a home , but we would be very concerned that it would result in a dramatic loss of vital social and affordable housing . ` The Conservatives say that forcing councils to sell off their most valuable properties would fund this extension plus 400,000 new homes over five years -- we fear the figures simply wo n't stack up . ' Samantha Cameron and Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne listen to Prime Minister David Cameron as he unveils the Conservative party manifesto in Swindon this morning . He added : ` And it could have a huge impact on councils ' ability to build new homes , particularly in more expensive areas like London and the south east , where it might actually make more sense for them to borrow against the value of these properties so they can fund more homes . ' Senior Tory figures , including Iain Duncan Smith , Boris Johnson and David Davis , have been calling for the measure to be at the heart of the party 's manifesto . The original right-to-buy saw more than 1.5 million council homes being sold off at discounted rates . Leading to a surge in home ownership , it became Lady Thatcher 's most famous single policy . Labour 's shadow housing minister attacked the Tory policy today . The Coalition government has already increased right-to-buy discounts for council homes , meaning more are moving into the private sector . But most tenants living in homes provided by housing associations -- not-for-profit bodies that have gradually replaced councils as the main providers of social housing -- do not qualify . Enabling them to buy their homes is expected to require major changes to the 1996 Housing Act , and is likely to be fiercely opposed by housing associations themselves . As well as promoting home ownership , the scheme could also dramatically reduce the vast housing benefit bill . Currently , taxpayers subsidise the housing costs of many unemployed and lower paid workers who live in housing association properties . The 1.3 million housing association homes are occupied by 2.75 million people . Mr Cameron said : ` At the heart of this manifesto is a simple proposition . We are the party of working people , offering you security at every stage of your life . ` If you 're a young person looking for training , if you 're looking for a decent job , if you want to buy your own home , if you 're raising a family and need help with childcare , if you fall ill , and need to rely on our NHS , if you are reaching retirement , and want real security . We are there for you -- offering security at every stage of your life . ' Some Labour figures , including former welfare minister Frank Field and former Cabinet minister Alan Milburn , have previously championed the idea of extending the right-to-buy to housing associations . How does right-to-buy work ? Introduced in 1980 , it gives council house tenants discounts to buy their home . Labour dropped its opposition to the policy but , in 1999 , Tony Blair 's government cut the top discount from £ 50,000 to £ 38,000 and sales slowed . What has the Coalition done ? It has sought to reinvigorate the scheme , cutting from five to three the number of years tenants need to have been in a home before they can buy it and upping the discounts to a maximum of £ 77,000 for most areas . Are housing association tenants covered ? Housing associations -- autonomous , not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes -- are largely exempt . However , around 800,000 HA tenants have a limited ` right to acquire ' with discounts capped at between £ 9,000 to £ 16,000 . The other 500,000 tenants lack any right to buy . What are the Tory proposals ? They would legislate to give all housing association tenants full right-to-buy . Tenants in houses would get a 35 per cent discount , increasing by 1 per cent for every extra year they have been a tenant . Those in flats will get a 50 per cent discount , going up 2 per cent every year . Discounts for houses and flats would be capped at the lower of 70 per cent or £ 102,700 in London and £ 77,000 across the rest of England . How will this be paid for ? The Tories say they will make councils sell off expensive properties when they become vacant . Council homes that rank in the most costly third of all properties of that type in their area will be sold off . Around 15,000 such properties become vacant each year , because tenants die or move . The sell-off could net £ 4.5 billion a year . What about the proceeds ? They will be split , with a proportion used to replace on a ` one-to-one ' basis the council homes sold off . The new properties would be more affordable , probably in less expensive locations , and could be built either by a council or housing association . Another slice of the proceeds would be used to fund the new right-to-buy discounts for housing association tenants . The rest would go to create a £ 1billion fund , enabling councils to bid for cash to develop brownfield land for housing . It would enable them to clean up derelict or contaminated land , and could lead to 400,000 new homes in five years , Tories say .