The skylines of the world , an African desert and even the barren landscape of the Arctic have been reimagined as part of an annual skyscraper competition . More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine 's 2015 contest and a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries . The first place was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its ` natural habitat ' Essence Skyscraper , beating the designs for a giant ` Times Squared 3015 ' concept at the heart of Times Square , a Bio-Pyramid in the Sahara and Cybertopia - a project that blurs the lines between digital and physical worlds . The eVolo Magazine Skyscraper Competition was established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' . The first place in this year 's contest was awarded to a team of Polish designers for its project Essence Skyscraper -LRB- shown -RRB- . The main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans , water floors , fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet -LRB- 30 metres -RRB- above ground , and jungle areas . The eVolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' . Since then , the publication has received more than 6,000 projects that use technology , materials , designs and space in novel and challenging ways to question how ` we understand vertical architecture and its relationship with the natural and built environments . ' eVolo said the winners were selected for their ` creativity , ingenuity , and understanding of dynamic and adaptive vertical communities . ' The first place this year was awarded to Bomp - a team comprising of designers Ewa Odyjas , Agnieszka Morga , Konrad Basan , and Jakub Pudo - from Poland for the project Essence Skyscraper . The eVolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' . eVolo said the winners were selected for their ` creativity , ingenuity , and understanding of dynamic and adaptive vertical communities . ' First place : Essence Skyscraper by Ewa Odyjas , Agnieszka Morga , Konrad Basan , and Jakub Pudo - from Poland . The proposal is an urban mega-structure with a range of natural habitats . Second place : Shanty-Scraper by Suraksha Bhatla and Sharan Sundar from India . The project wanted to provide housing , work and recreational spaces to the inhabitants of Chennai city 's slum in India . Third place : Cybertopia by Egor Orlov from Russia . His design reimagines the city of the future as the combination of digital and physical worlds - a city that grows and morphs instantly according to its residents needs . The proposal is an urban mega-structure with a range of natural habitats . The designers said their design ` would serve as a place to briefly escape urban life and stimulate diverse and complex experiences . ' The main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans , water floors , fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet -LRB- 30 metres -RRB- above ground , and jungle areas . Second place went to Suraksha Bhatla and Sharan Sundar from India for their Shanty-Scraper . The project wanted to provide housing , work and recreational spaces to the inhabitants of Chennai city 's slum in India . It was designed to use debris from the city 's construction industry including pipes , corrugated metal sheets and timber . The designers explained : ` India 's Slum population is expected to surge to 104 million , or 9 per cent of the national population by 2017 . ` As the nation 's disparity between the rich and poor deepens , the number of people living below poverty line has doubled over the last decade . ` Shanty-Scraper aspires to provide a unique solution . The vertical squatter structure is comprised of post-construction debris -LSB- and -RSB- the double height semi enclosures serve as utility yards and social gathering spaces . ' They said that the ` lifts ' are divided into multiple plank platforms made from a simple mechanically-driven lever and pulley . Third place was awarded to Egor Orlov from Russia for his project Cybertopia which reimagines the city of the future as the combination of digital and physical worlds - ` a city that grows and morphs instantly according to its residents needs . ' He explained : ' `` Tomorrow '' we expect a completely different topography of the city . ` It will be a map which includes cyber worlds with intrinsic geography , laws of physics , qualities and even its own residents . It is as though landscapes of computer games have woven into the city space . ` The residential area of the skyscraper represents a constantly growing and developing spatial complex ... printed by 3D printer or by drone construction . Second place went to Suraksha Bhatla and Sharan Sundar from India for their Shanty-Scraper -LRB- concept drawings shown left and right -RRB- . The project wanted to provide housing , work and recreational spaces to the inhabitants of Chennai city 's slum in India . It was designed , in particular , to use debris from the city construction industry including pipes , corrugated metal sheets and timber . The Bio-Pyramid : Reversing Desertification design -LRB- pictured -RRB- was created by David Sepulveda , Wagdy Moussa , Ishaan Kumar , Wesley Townsend , Colin Joyce , Arianna Armelli and Salvador Juarez from the US . They said it is a non-conventional skyscraper that not only operates as a ` bio-sphere ' but also as a gateway from Cairo across the Sahara Desert . Meanwhile , the Noah Oasis : Rig to Vertical Bio-Habitat -LRB- pictured -RRB- was created by Chinese designers Ma Yidong , Zhu Zhonghui , Qin Zhengyu and Jiang Zhe . ` Our design transforms the original rigs into vertical bio-habitats , which aims to exert instant response to oil spills , restore damaged eco-systems and offer shelter from future disasters , ' the team said . The 15 honorable mentions include skyscrapers designed for the arctic , structures that intend to reverse desertification , abandoned oil rigs transformed into bio-habitats , and atmosphere laboratories among others . The third place was awarded to Egor Orlov from Russia for ` Cybertopia ' . It reimagines the city of the future as the combination of digital and physical worlds - ` a city that grows and morphs instantly according to its residents needs ' These include the Bio-Pyramid : Reversing Desertification , created by David Sepulveda , Wagdy Moussa , Ishaan Kumar , Wesley Townsend , Colin Joyce , Arianna Armelli and Salvador Juarez from the US . They said their Bio-Pyramid is a non-conventional skyscraper that not only operates as a ` bio-sphere ' but also as a gateway from Cairo across the Sahara Desert . The Unexpected Aurora in Chernobyl design was submitted by Zhang Zehua , Song Qiang and Liu Yameng from China . This project aims to build a skyscraper for people who return to Chernobyl and is fitted with air and water purification systems . The skyscraper itself is powered by solar energy . ` The skyscraper is just like a Garden of Eden , a new and safe life will start from here , ' the designers said . Exploring Arctic : Multifunctional Complex in Dikson Harbour is based on transforming an Arctic hub port . ` It is necessary to create comfortable working and living environment of the Northern Sea Route transport infrastructure , ' said designers Nikolay Zaytsev and Elizaveta Lopatina from Russia . ` The initial idea is to design a separate anthropogenic microcosm , detached from the harsh Arctic environment , but based on the dynamic equilibrium between people and nature . Instead of building on the ground , one entry imagined a structure built into the clouds to control the weather . Called Cloud Capture , Taehan Kim , Seoung Ji Lee and Yujin Ha from Korea said their design would catch and redistribute clouds ` where they are affluent to scarce ' . This could transform the ` arid-yellow deserts into fresh green spaces ' . A similar design was submitted by Shi Yuqing , Hu Yifei , Zhang Juntong , Sheng Zifeng and He Yanan from China called Air Monument : Atmosphere Database . They said the structure would obtain atmosphere samples throughout the year to monitor changes and highlight any concerns . Meanwhile , the Noah Oasis : Rig to Vertical Bio-Habitat was created by Chinese designers Ma Yidong , Zhu Zhonghui , Qin Zhengyu and Jiang Zhe . ` Our design transforms the original rigs into vertical bio-habitats , which aims to exert instant response to oil spills , restore damaged eco-systems and offer shelter from future disasters , ' the team said . ` The original rig will become a reactor centre , where the spilled oil will be converted into catalyst and building materials , as well as a recreational centre and research facility . ' Underwater , the structure will be secured to pipes . And in the US , a group of designers proposed a self-contained city featuring a stadium , forest , farm and beach on the top of a mile-high skyscraper in New York City . The Unexpected Aurora in Chernobyl design -LRB- pictured -RRB- was submitted by Zhang Zehua , Song Qiang and Liu Yameng from China . This project aims to build a skyscraper for people in Chernobyl fitted with air and water purification systems . The building is powered by solar energy . Exploring Arctic : Multifunctional Complex in Dikson Harbour is based on transforming an Arctic port -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` It is necessary to create working and living areas for the Northern Sea Route transport infrastructure , ' said Russian designers Nikolay Zaytsev and Elizaveta Lopatina . The designers of the Exploring Arctic : Multifunctional Complex in Dikson Harbour -LRB- pictured -RRB- continued : ` The initial idea is to design a separate anthropogenic microcosm , detached from the harsh Arctic environment , but based on the dynamic equilibrium between people and nature ' The giant ` Times Squared 3015 ' concept would be built inside a huge vertical tower at the heart of Times Square and would measure 5,687 ft tall -LRB- 1,733 metres -RRB- . It was designed by Blake Freitas , Grace Chen and Alexi Kararavokris . The group said that as the planet continues to overpopulate , their entry explores spatial , environmental and experimental possibilities of vertical living . The proposed community would usher in a ` new kind of daily life ' , where farmers tended to crops which provided oxygen and food , visitors attend a football game by catching an elevator to the third floor and residents walk through a redwood forest thousands of feet above the city . The 2015 Skyscraper Competition was sponsored by Autodesk , real5D , and v2com and was judged by a panel including architects Massimiliano Fuksas and Benedetta Tagliabue and last year 's winner Yong Ju Lee . Instead of building on the ground , one entry imagined a structure in the clouds to control the weather . Called Cloud Capture -LRB- left -RRB- , Taehan Kim , Seoung Ji Lee and Yujin Ha from Korea said their design would catch and redistribute clouds ` where they are affluent to scarce ' . A similar design was submitted by Shi Yuqing from China called Air Monument : Atmosphere Database -LRB- right -RRB- that would obtain samples during the year . And in the US , a group of designers proposed a self-contained city in New York City . The ` Times Squared 3015 ' concept would be built inside a huge tower in Times Square , would measure 5,687 ft tall -LRB- 1,733 metres -RRB- and was designed by Blake Freitas , Grace Chen and Alexi Kararavokris . Concept design drawings -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- show the massive skyscraper would contain a beach , stadium , farm and residential apartments . The proposed community would usher in a ` new kind of daily life ' , where farmers tended to crops which provided oxygen and food , visitors attend a football game by catching an lift to the third floor , and residents walk through a redwood forest above the city .