A pregnant model whose sexy selfies featuring her tight abs turned her into an overnight internet sensation has given birth to a healthy baby boy . Sarah Stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles , welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon . And despite her critics ' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to to her unborn child , it seems their fears were unfounded . Sarah confirmed to E! that baby James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds , seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth , adding : ` He 's a big healthy boy and he got an APGAR score of eight to nine . ' Scroll down for video . Ready to go : Sarah Stage took her last pregnancy selfie -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Monday , writing : ` Still waiting ' . The 30-year-old gave birth to a healthy baby boy named James Hunter the next day . Feeling hungry : Sarah shared this photo of two In-N-Out burgers on Tuesday afternoon , although its not clear as to whether or not she enjoyed the meal before or after she gave birth . An APGAR score , which stands for Appearance , Pulse , Grimace , Activity , Respiration , is a quick method for assessing the health of a newborn , with scores of seven or above being considered normal . Sarah famously documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy , earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process . Although the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure , claiming it could be harmful to her unborn child , their comments never stopped the model from sharing numerous photos of her tight abs with her 1.6 million Instagram followers . Almost there : Sarah cradled her baby bump to in a ` sexy ' purple dress to celebrate her 39th week of pregnancy . ` Yesterday afternoon , Sarah shared a photo of two In-N-Out burgers , writing , ` Cravings , ' although its not clear as to whether or not she enjoyed the meal before or after she gave birth . The lingerie-clad model snapped her last pregnancy selfie on Monday , which she captioned : ` Still waiting # 9 months -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' The snapshot of her in a black bra and thong underwear has been liked nearly 40,000 times since it was posted , and has earned nearly 4,000 comments . And Sarah , who is of European and Costa Rican descent , took to Instagram last week to share a photo of growing belly during her ninth month of pregnancy , writing : '10 days until we meet #BabyJames . ' Many women noted that they found Sarah 's pregnancy body to be motivation to work out and live a healthy lifestyle . So soon : Pregnant model Sarah Stage snapped this photo of herself flaunting her barely-there baby bump 10 days before she was supposed to give birth to her son . Haters gon na hate : Sarah , who came under fire for her being tiny and toned throughout her pregnancy , told her critics to unfollow her if they have a problem with her pictures . Proud of her bump : Sarah struck various photos for these selfies of herself in her underwear . ` I 'm completely inspired to go to the gym first thing in the morning . You look absolutely gorgeous @sarahstage #amazing -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' one fan wrote . ` You look absolutely lovely . Hats off to you for being fit and taking care of yourself ! ' another added . ` If I ever have children , I 'm inspired by you to treat my pregnancy the very same way . I 'm sure James will be amazing ! Congratulations . ' Others compared their figures to pregnant Sarah 's pregnancy body , with one woman writing : '10 days before giving birth ?! Lord Jesus help us all ! I look like this after dinner -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' ` I look like that after a good meal or two , ' someone else commented . Meanwhile , some people suggested that her son would be as tiny as she is - although now it seems that their fears about the young boy 's size were unfounded . Bump to bump : Sarah and her friend compared their growing bellies for this playful picture . Just like dad : Sarah shared this adorable photo of matching father and son Timberland boots . ` Baby James will come out the size of her phone case , ' one person commented , referencing the model 's bear-shaped cell phone cover . And when she 's not sharing lingerie selfies , the new mother regularly shared pictures of her son 's nursery and his future wardrobe . Last week , Sarah shared an adorable photo of matching father and baby sized Timberland boots , writing : ` Daddy & baby shoe game -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' And despite her critics , Sarah refused to hide her then-eight-month pregnant body in maternity clothes . Stylish mom : Sarah refused to wear baggy clothes during her pregnancy and instead opts for figure-hugging dresses like the one she is wearing in this picture . Looking good : Sarah wore this sexy black dress on a ` date night ' when she was 37 weeks pregnant , two weeks before James was born . She shunned baggy dresses and instead dressed her bump in fitted Lycra or nothing at all . The fitness fanatic loves hitting the gym and captures herself working out , as well as following a healthy diet of quinoa , spinach and chicken . Clearly not letting her growing baby bump get in the way of her career , Sarah continued to proudly model whilst carrying . Two weeks ago , she shared a sexy snapshot of herself in black underwear and responded to her haters . ` BTW If you do n't like my pics then unfollow me , ' she wrote . ` I 'm excited , happy and enjoying every second of my pregnancy . Ca n't wait to meet James ! #NFG # 37weeks -LSB- sic -RSB- . '