Clothing that features slogans joking about stalking has been slammed by the Suzy Lamplugh Trust , a London-based charity which aims to ` make society a safer place ' . A number of online retailers stock the offending garments , which feature phrases such as ` I heart my stalker ' and ` Some people call it stalking . I call it love ! ' According to the SLT , the T-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women , and play into people 's fear of being laughed at , which prevents victims from seeking help to deal with stalkers and puts them at a higher risk of being attacked . Scroll down for video . Funny ? A selection of T-shirts -LRB- pictured -RRB- branded with jokes about stalking has been slammed by The Suzy Lamplugh Trust , a charity which aims to ` make society a safer place ' The T-shirts in question are sold in US and UK stores including Zazzle , Look Human and North Shore Shirts . ` Are you stalking me ? 'Cause that would be super ' , reads one , priced at $ 10.99 -LRB- £ 7.40 -RRB- in the US . ` I stalk you on Facebook ' , another states , priced at £ 16.95 -LRB- $ 25.35 -RRB- . ` Stalking is when Channing Tatum and I go for long romantic walk together but only one of us knows about it ' , another $ 28 -LRB- £ 18.90 -RRB- specimen muses . ` Stalking is such a strong word , I prefer intense research of an individual , ' reads a $ 27 -LRB- £ 18.11 -RRB- shirt , featuring the description : ` Sometimes when you want to bag a mate you have to do some reconnaissance . ' A spokesman from the Suzy Lamplugh Trust told MailOnline that these common slogans seem harmless but they prevent the crime from being taken seriously . She said : ` It does all add to the feeling that it 's something that 's a little bit humorous . It 's not , especially for victims . Making light : According to the SLT , the T-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women , and play into people 's fear of being laughed at , which prevents victims from seeking help with stalkers . ` If we 're still making jokes about stalking it 's harder for victims to come forward . ` Things are sold with humour but when they 're so commonplace they start to dilute the language around them it starts to become a problem and stalking is a serious offense . ` It does n't help that the messages are out there , it just reinforces the myths that are around stalking . ' She added : ` Even the language around stalking is potentially damaging , we all talk about stalking people on Facebook but we do n't mean it , we mean we 're looking up someone we went to school with . She said a common view of stalking is that it 's romantic , with stalkers leaving bunches of flowers , teddy bears or money on victims ' windscreens . ` The behaviours may not seem offensive in that way but if it 's unwanted attention from someone , it 's a problem . ' Offending articles : The T-shirts in question are sold in US and UK stores including Zazzle , Look Human -LRB- pictured -RRB- and North Shore Shirts . In honour of National Stalking Awareness Week , which started on Monday , the personal safety charity , which runs the National Stalking Helpline , has released a two-minute animated film to help shift the public 's , at times , blasé perspective on the matter . The video 's voiceover states : ` What does stalking actually mean ? ` It does n't just mean a stranger ambushing you from the bushes or lurking through the window . ` It can also mean disturbing emails , non-stop phone calls , creepy letters and social media abuse . It means the other person ignores your `` no '' . ` It means you 're forced to change your life routine for months or even years . ` Oh , and it 's not flattering or funny , it 's a serious crime . ` So if you 're being followed , if there are eyes on you wherever you go , if you are scared to open the door or your mailbox or your text messages , if you jump every time the phone rings , if you have n't had a good night 's sleep for a very long time ... then this is stalking . ' According to the campaign - which seeks to challenge the notion that stalking is ` romantic , trivial or funny ' - 80 per cent of victims are women , and more than 80 per cent of men and women combined are stalked by someone they know . Of this , 45 per cent of stalkers are ex-partners , 22 per cent are ` acquaintances ' , five per cent are colleagues or ex-colleagues , and four per cent are family members . ` It is hard to give an exact definition of stalking because stalkers will often use multiple and differing methods to harass their victims , ' the trust explains . Serious crime : ` It is hard to give an exact definition of stalking because stalkers will often use multiple and differing methods to harass their victims , ' the SLT explains -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . ` Stalking can consist of any type of behaviour , such as regularly sending flowers or gifts , making unwanted or malicious communication -LRB- including calls , texts and emails -RRB- , damaging property and physical or sexual assault . ` If the behaviour is persistent , unwanted and is causing you fear , harassment or anxiety then it is stalking and you should not have to live with it . ' The SLT was set up by Diana Lamplugh , the late mother of Suzy , a 25-year-old estate agent who disappeared in Fulham , south west London , in 1986 . She was presumed murdered and declared dead in 1993 , and no one has ever been charged over her killing . ` Our mission is to campaign , educate and support people to help reduce the risk of violence and aggression for everyone , ' the charity states . MailOnline has contacted online retailers Zazzle , Look Human and North Shore for comment . Visit suzylamplughtrust.org or stalkinghelpline.org or call 0808 802 0300 .