A lesbian couple in North Carolina who documented how they created their new family in a series of online pictures say they are shocked but thankful after people said the catalogue of images were an ` inspiration ' . In order to start their new family , the moms , Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy , decided to each carry a child one year apart . They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies , recording when their first child , a son Jax , was born followed by their daughter Ero , a year later . The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight . Scroll down for video . Inspirational : Melanie -LRB- left -RRB- and Vanessa Iris Roy -LRB- right -RRB- decided they wanted to start a famiy and each carried a child . In January 2014 Vanessa was pregnant with Jax -LRB- left -RRB- and a year later Melanie is seen pregnant with Ero -LRB- right -RRB- as the couple 's first born plays at their feet on the beach . The women say they are shocked and overwhelmed at the support their photos have garnered online , after each documented their pregnancy . ` It 's crazy to see that people were referring to my family as an inspiration , ' Melanie told The Huffington Post . ` We are still in complete shock . ' The pictures show the women together when each one is pregnant , in a series of snaps that show how they supported eachother as their bodies - and their family - changed . Other photos show them with one child when the other is expecting , and then with their family of four . Each wanted to be mothers , so they said said the decision to create their family of four was an easy one . The Roys hope by sharing the experience they would inspire other same sex couples to start a family . Melanie added : ` The woman 's body is incredible . The way it creates and grows another human being is amazing . We hope that our picture is that sign that some women may need to encourage them to carry a child . ' Each of the women said they hope the pictures will inspire others to start a family and celebrate how the body changes during pregnancy . The young family of four recently moved to Charlotte in North Carolina and said the attention has been overwhelming and surprising . The women did not elaborate on how each of them conceived . In January 2014 Vanessa was pregnant with Jax and just 12 months later Melanie was carrying Ero . They were photographed exactly a year apart and then uploaded the photos to Instagram earlier this year . When the photos became popular - reaching over 150,000 likes on the Facebook page of a Brazilian advocacy group alone - Melanie took to her own page to say thank you . The family-of-four have unwittingly become famous online after their photos went viral , with their children born just one year apart . Vanessa -LRB- left -RRB- gave birth to Jax -LRB- center -RRB- in2014 , while Melanie gave birth to Ero -LRB- right -RRB- last year , both women knew they wanted to be mothers . ` I am so thankful for the life I have been given , ' she wrote . ` For my two gorgeous healthy kids Jax and Ero . For my kickass wife who is literally my best friend , my therapist , my lover , and my partner in life all wrapped in one . My parents for all the things they sacrificed to give me the childhood I had and the solid foundation built with family , love , and tradition . ` My wife 's parents for accepting me as one of their own and always being there for us . ` This positive move to Charlotte would n't have been possible if it was n't for them . I 've also been blessed with great friends along the way . Tonight while laying next to my two munchkins my heart was filled with love thinking of how awesome my life is . The couple are pictured celebrating the first birthday of their son Jax -LRB- right -RRB- , who is pictured alongside his younger sibling Ero . Celebrations : The couple and their two children live in Charlotte , North Carolina , and say they feel grateful for their life .