Furious Blackpool supporters pelted the directors ' box and main reception area at Bloomfield Road with a flare , a smoke bomb , fireworks and eggs before their game with Reading . The bottom-of-the-table Seasiders ' relegation to League One was sealed by Rotherham 's victory over Brighton on Monday , a result that condemned them to the third tier with six games of their season still to spare , and supporters vented their frustration prior to Tuesday 's game . Chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the West Stand at 7 pm to demonstrate against their owner before the directors ' box windows were targeted with eggs . VIDEO Scroll down to watch a flare being thrown at Blackpool 's club reception . Blackpool fans gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family . Blackpool 's main reception at Bloomfield Road was pelted with eggs before their game with Reading . The Seasiders ' loyal support are sick of a lack of investment in their club . The Blackpool Gazette were scathing in their assessment of the club 's relegation to the third tier . A fan walks out of a Fish and Chips shop , next to a shop selling t-shirts and banners supporting protests . Disgruntled fans chanted ` Oyston out ' and ` we 're relegated because of your greed ' before a flare , a smoke bomb and fireworks were thrown into the cordoned-off area in front of the main entrance . Stewards and police were present but the protests did not spill over into violence . Blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1-1 draw but manager Lee Clark admitted the club face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans . Some of those fans did not even enter the ground and missed a contest short on incident , with Grant Hall 's own goal 20 seconds after the restart earning the Royals a point following Jamie O'Hara 's opening goal for the hosts from the penalty spot . Clark acknowledged that a ` horrendous season ' had contributed to the swathes of empty seats at recent home matches but is hopeful of winning back those disillusioned fans by rebuilding his squad over the summer . ` We 're down a level and that 's going to be hard , ' he said of getting fans back through the turnstiles at Bloomfield Road . ` We 've obviously had a horrendous season to put up with , but if we do it right with our recruitment process over the summer , we do things in the right way and get the right type of players in - then they can come and watch us over the pre-season and see a new group of players that they can get excited about that we can get them back on to the seats . ` The only way we can do that is by getting a group together that 's going to give us a fighting chance to get back up and we hit the ground running at the start of the season . ' Broken eggs lie on the ground outside Bloomfield Road after a protest from Blackpool fans . Blackpool owner Owen Oyston watches on with a tartan blanket for company in the directors ' box . Chairman Karl watches Lee Clark 's team alongside his son George -LRB- second from right -RRB- .