The prospect of a Labour government is knocking up to 10 per cent off the price of some of Britain 's most expensive homes , it has been claimed . Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ` Ed Miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister . Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Miliband price ' for the same property . Labour leader Ed Miliband , on the BBC 's Andrew Marr show -LRB- left -RRB- , has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on properties worth over £ 2million . The annual levy will hit his own home in north London -LRB- right -RRB- . Mr Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £ 2million to raise money for the NHS . Under plans drawn up by shadow chancellor Ed Balls , homeowners with properties worth between £ 2million and £ 3million will be forced to pay £ 3,000 a year in mansion tax . Owners of homes worth more than £ 3million will have to pay even more . The Tories have dubbed the proposal the ` homes tax ' and warned that families living in much more modest properties could be dragged into the levy . Mr Milliband himself has admitted that his North London home would be hit by his party 's planned annual levy . David Cameron , on Sky 's Murnaghan show this morning , has criticised Labour 's proposed mansion tax as a ` home tax ' A Labour government could see people 's mortgage bills soar by £ 1,000 a year , George Osborne has claimed . The Chancellor warned warned that the prospect of Ed Miliband propped up by the SNP would lead to a ` clear and present danger ' of rising interest rates . Predicting increases in mortgage rates , he said : ` A 1 % rise in interest rates would hit the family with the average mortgage with an extra £ 1,000 bill a year . The price is paid by working people . ' The Labour leader lives in a four-bedroom semi-detached house in Dartmouth Park valued at around £ 2.7 million . But if Mr Miliband ever came to sell his home as Prime Minister he could be forced to lower the price to cover the costs of his own mansion tax . According to the Sunday Times , one buyer who is about to exchange contracts on a £ 15million property in St John 's Wood , north London , has threatened to drop his offer to £ 13.5 million if the deal is not completed before May 7 and Mr Miliband becomes Prime Minister . In Notting Hill , west London , a buyer of a property for sale just above £ 2million has said he will only pay that price only if David Cameron makes it back to Number 10 . Miles Meacock , of Strutt & Parker , the estate agent , in Notting Hill , told the Sunday Times that the bidder who had trimmed £ 100,000 from their offer for a £ 2m property , wanted to be sure of permanently avoiding the burden of mansion tax . He said : ` If the Tories win , he will come back to the table . This is likely to be a phenomenon for the next two weeks . ' According to the property website Rightmove 77 homes previously listed for sale above £ 2million have been reduced to below the ` mansion tax level ' in the past six weeks . Ed Mead , an executive director at the London estate agent Douglas & Gordon , some sellers are so concerned about the mansion tax putting off potential buyers that they have told prospective buyers they will cover the full cost of it for a five-year Labour term . The Liberal Democrats have a similar mansion tax proposal . Nick Clegg wants to charge £ 2,000 a year on properties worth between £ 2million and £ 2.5 million , rising to £ 3,500 for those worth between £ 2.5 million and £ 3million , £ 5,000 for £ 3million to £ 4million and £ 9,000 for those worth up to £ 5million .