A British brand is celebrating the forthcoming election in a rather unusual way ... by creating chocolate bars bearing the face of either David Cameron , Nick Clegg or Ed Miliband . Artisan confectioners Choc on Choc 's Limited Edition Political Chocolates collection comes in three different flavours which reflect the colours associated with each leader . David Cameron 's bar is studded with blueberry pieces , Ed Miliband 's comes in a red raspberry flavour and the Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb . Scroll down for video . Chocolate politician , anyone ? Choc on Choc 's limited edition chocolates come in three different flavours . Founder Flo Broughton said : ` Choc on Choc is celebrating the British election by inviting consumers to vote with their stomachs and take part in our edible poll . ` Our team of chocolatiers has created three unique bars , each bearing the face of either Ed Miliband , Nick Clegg or David Cameron . ' Coalition-minded consumers can mix and match the politicians or select all three . Will the real David Cameron please stand up ? The Prime Minister 's -LRB- left -RRB- chocolate -LRB- right -RRB- is studded with blueberry pieces . As yet there are no plans for a Nigel Farage chocolate this year , a spokesperson said to Femail : ` UKIP only has two MPs in Parliament , and so Choc and Choc have just focused on the three many parties . ` If they are more successful at this election perhaps they 'll make a Farage chocolate for 2020 ! ' Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg -LRB- left -RRB- has been given a sweet chocolate makeover -LRB- right -RRB- with chunks of honeycomb . Labour Party Leader Ed Miliband -LRB- left -RRB- chocolate likeness -LRB- right -RRB- has a red raspberry filling . The Political collection is made using layers of chocolate on top of chocolate to produce intricate and life like designs . The face of each politician is emblazoned on milk Belgium chocolate bars in white and dark chocolate . The £ 3.99 bars will be available for a limited time only .