A Sicilian Mafia fugitive dubbed the Godfather of Uxbridge who was set to be extradited to Italy will be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence was dropped . Domenico Rancadore , who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra . In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence . But today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn . Sentence dropped : Domenico Rancadore -LRB- right and left -RRB- fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy for his role as a ` man of honour ' Although his conviction remains intact , Italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed . The case will still have to be heard by the Italian Supreme Court , according to the Crown Prosecution Service -LRB- CPS -RRB- . Rancadore 's solicitor , Karen Todner said : ` Yesterday the Italian Court of Appeal agreed to extinguish the conviction of Domenico Rancadore on the basis that the conviction is too old to sustain a prison sentence . ` I am therefore confident that the Italian government will now withdraw their application for a European Arrest Warrant and that Mr Rancadore will be discharged from these proceedings . ` There has been a long and unhappy history of these proceedings and I am delighted Mr Rancadore will now be able to live in peace in England with his wife and family . ' Ms Todner said she was waiting for the CPS to sign a consent order so that the court could discharge Rancadore . Once the paperwork is in order , the matter will be listed at Westminster Magistrates ' Court in London and a judge will then have to approve it . The Italian mobster does not have to be present when the matter is dealt with in court . Domenico Rancadore , pictured with hiswife Ann last year , will be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence dropped . Rancadore was first arrested on a European arrest warrant at his semi-detached London home in August 2013 . Although he was never convicted of murder , the Italian authorities wanted him to be returned to the country after he fled in 1995 . Known as the Professor , Rancadore was tried in absentia and handed a seven-year prison term for his ` Mafia association ' . He was convicted for his role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders in Palermo . During protracted extradition proceedings at Westminster Magistrates ' Court , District Judge Howard Riddle reversed his initial decision over concerns that Italian prison conditions would breach his human rights because he has a serious heart condition . In his judgment , Judge Riddle said : ` I am satisfied that , even without the assurance , there is no real risk that by returning this defendant to Italy he will suffer inhuman or degrading treatment . ' Before his arrest in 2013 , the Mafia don spent two decades living under the name of Marc Skinner with his family in a house surrounded by a fence and large hedge , obscured from view . He claimed he had changed his name to escape the notoriety associated with his father , Giuseppe . Rancadore 's father was imprisoned in 1987 as part of the maxi trial which saw 475 Mafiosi indicted . Before his arrest in 2013 , Rancadore spent two decades living under the name of Marc Skinner with his family in a house in Uxbridge . There was an angry reaction from legal experts to the amount of time and money that had gone into Rancadore 's case . Extradition expert Edward Grange tweeted : ` What a waste of time and money . After two sets of proceedings , Italy no longer seeks extradition of Rancadore . ' Mr Grange , who is vice-chair of the Extradition Lawyers ' Association , said : ` The purpose of the extradition request was for Rancadore to be returned in order to serve a sentence of imprisonment . ` It transpires that as of October last year the Italians could not actually legally enforce that sentence . ` So certainly from October onwards you would have thought that there would have been some communication from the Italian authorities saying : `` Hang on , we may have a problem here and we may not be able to continue with the extradition request '' . ` Courts proceed on the basis of mutual trust and recognition , that is what we are told throughout in relation to the extradition and European arrest warrant scheme . ` It is something that is designed to be swift and quick and courts are supposed to trust what courts in the requesting state are saying . ` Had the Italians said in October we can not legally enforce this sentence and we therefore have to withdraw the European arrest warrant , I 'm sure our court would have encouraged them to do so as quickly as possible . ' Domenico Rancadore , who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra . Asked about the costs of this kind of extradition process , Mr Grange said they were likely to be in the ` single-figure thousands rather than anything dramatic ' . Barrister Philip Marshall QC said : ` Yet more incompetence by the CPS in the Rancadore case -LRB- allegedly -RRB- : his seven-year prison sentence expired in October 2014 . ' There was no answer when reporters knocked on the door of Rancadore 's home in Manor Way , Uxbridge , London today . Curtains were closed in all of the windows of the semi-detached house and a Mercedes car was parked on the driveway . One neighbour claimed she was pleased it appeared he was not being extradited because ` you never know who will move in ' . She went on : ` He seems a nice chap and it happened a long time ago . ' The neighbour said she last saw Rancadore around two weeks ago and he appeared to be suffering from ill-health . A court sketch of Domenico Rancadore . Today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn . Sharon Walker , who also lives nearby , said : ` They were a normal couple before and I 'm sure they will go back to being a normal couple . ` They are very quiet . I would not have said they are the most notorious couple in the street . Also known as Cosa Nostra , which translates as ` Our Thing ' , the Mafia emerged in Sicily in the mid 19th century and is best described as a loose association of criminal groups sharing a common organisational structure and code of conduct . Groups , often known as families or clans , will claim leadership of an area , usually a town or village , and operate rackets within it , using violence to punish those causing problems to their ` clients ' - who may well have been coerced into buying protection . Most of the clans are led by a ` boss ' -LRB- capofamiglia or rappresentante -RRB- , who is aided by an underboss -LRB- capo bastone or sotto capo -RRB- and supervised by one or more advisers -LRB- consigliere -RRB- . Only men are allowed to join the clans , and candidates are not allowed to have any links to lawmen such as police officers or judges . It has been estimated that the Sicilian Mafia costs the region 's economy more than € 10 billion a year , and that roughly 70 per cent of Sicilian businesses pay some sort of protection money . Politicians have also been accused of using the Mafia to buy votes during elections . The American Mafia arose from offshoots of the Cosa Nostra that emerged in the United States during the late nineteenth century , following waves of emigration from Italy . ` He 's very quiet . He always has been , even before it all blew up . They are a very quiet family . ' Federico Bianchi , head of press at the Italian Embassy , said : ` When , in March 2014 , the District Judge denied the extradition of Mr Rancadore to Italy , the Crown Prosecution Service failed to appeal against his decision in the prescribed terms , for which they issued a formal excuse . ` That is key to the release of Mr Rancadore because that loss of time , which obliged Italy to start the procedures afresh , issuing a new European Arrest Warrant , because that year that was lost gave the possibility for the sentence to expire . ` It gave the possibility to Mr Rancadore 's lawyers , who are clever and know the penal code very well , to file an application for the sentence to be declared expired . ' Mr Bianchi also denied that the hearing in February had been ` useless ' because the sentence had not automatically expired until it was confirmed as such by a court in Palermo on March 25 . A CPS spokesman said : ` The Italian Ministry of Justice has confirmed that the decision by the Court of Appeal in Palermo is appealable to the Italian Supreme Court . ` It is inaccurate to suggest that a delay due to administrative errors has had a significant bearing on today 's outcome . ` Until the European arrest warrant was officially withdrawn today , the CPS acted on behalf of the Italian authorities in these extradition proceedings and had received no instructions to the contrary . ' The CPS admitted it had made a mistake by failing to serve appeal papers to Rancadore 's lawyers on time in March last year . At the time , Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders acknowledged that , as a result of the error , it was possible Rancadore would never be extradited to Italy .