It seems when it comes to royal fashion faux pas , birds of a feather really do flock together . Yesterday the Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice were not exactly fly-away style winners with their feathered hats as they joined the Queen at Windsor for an Easter Sunday service . Sophie , 50 , wife of Prince Edward , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes , while Beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson , opted for an unusual blue creation . With them , and sporting a slightly more subtly coloured hat embellished with a large rose , was Autumn Phillips , 36 , wife of the Queen 's grandson Peter Phillips . Lady Louise Windsor , the countess ' 11-year-old daughter , made up the four royal ladies . Scroll down for video . Royal ladies : From left , Lady Louise Windsor , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , Autumn Phillips and Princess Beatrice . Flight of fancy : The Countess of Wessex Sophie wore a feathered hat to the traditional Easter service at St George 's Chapel in Windsor Castle with Monica Vinader earrings . The Queen in a bright blue coat and hat and the Duke of Edinburgh arrive by car to attend a traditional Easter Sunday service at St George 's Chapel at Windsor Castle this morning . After arriving at the chapel , the royal couple were greeted by other members of the royal family including Princess Beatrice and Sophie , Countess of Wessex . The Queen and Prince Philip were joined by the rest of royal family as they attended a traditional Easter Sunday church service at Windsor Castle today . Her Majesty dressed in a bright blue coat dress with matching hat , arrived by car alongside the Duke of Edinburgh at St George 's Chapel where she was greeted by the Dean of Windsor , the Right Reverend David Connor . Making their way to the chapel on foot were Princess Beatrice , wearing a striking blue hat with a matching dress and navy jacket , and Autumn Phillips , wife of the Queen 's grandson Peter Phillips , who wore a floral dress underneath a navy cape-style coat with a hat by Emily-London . After the service at St George 's Chapel in Windsor Castle , Her Majesty was presented with a posy of daffodils by seven-year-old Milo Fairman . They were also joined by Prince Andrew , Prince Edward , Princess Anne , her husband Timothy Laurence and her son Peter Phillips , who also appeared happy and relaxed . However , absent from the service were Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , who are awaiting their arrival of a brother or sister for Prince George later this month , and Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall , who celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on Thursday . Prince Harry also did n't attend the service as he is due in Australia today , where he will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force . Today 's church service marked a busy weekend for the Queen , who attended a Maundy Day service at Sheffield Cathedral on Thursday . The female members of the royal family including Lady Louise Windsor , the Countess of Wessex , Autumn Phillips and Princess Beatrice , all walked together and chatted as they made their way to the chapel . Sophie , Countess of Wessex , and her daughter Lady Louise , opted for pastel coloured coats , while Princess Beatrice and Autumn Phillips both went for navy jackets . Although the Countess of Wessex , Autumn Phillips and Princess Beatrice attended the service , absent were the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , who are expecting their second child later this month . Sophie , the Countess of Wessex appears to have something stuck on her shoe , left , but after checking she laughs it off with her husband Prince Edward , right . Lady Louise Windsor smiles and she stands with her parents the Earl and Countess of Wessex after attending an Easter church service . Resplendent in a turquoise coat by Stewart Parvin and matching hat , the monarch was all smiles as she arrived at Sheffield Cathedral for the traditional ceremony . Joined by the Duke of Edinburgh , Her Majesty was there to present ` alms ' to 89 women and 89 men . Historically , this sum of £ 5.50 in the Red Purse is made up of £ 3 for clothing , £ 1.50 in lieu of provisions and £ 1 for the redemption of the Sovereign 's gown . Many of male members of the royal family followed behind as they walked to the chapel , including Prince Edward and his nephew Peter Phillips . Also making their way to St George 's Chapel today were Prince Andrew and Princess Anne , who walked together . Princess Beatrice , right , sported a striking blue hat with matching dress and a navy blue jacket . Prince Andrew and Princess Anne , dressed in mint green , were followed on their way to church by Daniel Chatto , husband of Lady Sarah Armstrong - Jones , daughter of Princess Margaret . The Duke of Edinburgh , left , was at his wife , the Queen 's side as she led the royal family , including Prince Edward to church at Windsor Castle . The White Purse contains uniquely minted Maundy Money , which , unlike coins in general circulation , bear the portrait of the Queen produced by Mary Gillick at the start of her reign . Meanwhile the Archbishop of Canterbury used his Easter message to hail the students killed by Islamist militants in Kenya last week as ` martyrs ' . Justin Welby said in his Easter sermon at Canterbury Cathedral that 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen on Thursday were ` witnesses ' to their faith and suffered ` cruel deaths ' . The Spanish royal family were also pictured attending Easter Mass at the Cathedral in Palma de Mallorca . The family traditionally spend their Easter holidays on the Balearic Island . Queen Letizia of Spain wore stylish black trousers with a floral top and white jacket for Easter Mass at the Cathedral of Palma de Mallorca . Enjoying the service was Spanish King Felipe VI , his wife Queen Leitizia , his daughters Princesses Leonor and Sofia and his mother Queen Sofia . His comments follow Pope Francis 's denunciation of the ` senseless ' killings at Garissa University College , in which Christians were singled out and shot . Elsewhere on the Balearic Island of Majorca , the Spanish royal family attend a traditional Easter Mass at the Cathedral in Palma de Mallorca . Before the service , Spanish King Felipe VI posed for pictures with his wife Queen Letizia , his mother Queen Sofia and his daughters Princess Leonor and Princess Sofia .