Model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- . The Melbourne man 's father , Dada Jama , confirmed his death to SBS Radio while tributes to the young man flooded social media . Somali broadcaster Ibrahim Mohamed said he had spoken with the family on Wednesday who told him Sharky had died after being shot . Scroll down for video . Sharky Jama has reported been shot dead in Syria after joining Islamic State on the front lines last year . The jihadist 's father had been told by Sharky 's friends that the worst had happened . ' -LSB- Dada -RSB- got a text message and he received a phone call from Syria , someone has told him his son has passed away , ' Mr Mohamed said . ` Then he said `` I tried his number '' , because he has contact with his son . Automatically , it goes to voicemail , that 's what he said , and then he knew that his son is gone . ' The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky 's death as its capacity to do so was ` extremely limited ' . A spokesman for the department told Daily Mail Australia consular assistance was no longer available within Syria ` due to the extremely dangerous security situation ' . He further added Australians who were involved in overseas conflicts were ` putting their own lives in mortal danger ' . ` Any Australians fighting with non-state militia in Syria or Iraq should end their involvement in the conflict now and leave the conflict zone , ' the spokesman said . ` Australians are strongly advised not to travel to Syria or Iraq ; any Australians in either country should leave immediately . ' Sharky was a model-turned-jihadist who was managed by FRM Management and lived in Melbourne . He reportedly fled to Syria with his friend , former La Trobe University student Yusuf Yusuf , to join the terror group . The former model 's cousins have taken to Facebook to pay tribute to their much-loved family member . ` To my beautiful cousin , the lessons learnt in your presence where priceless in any capacity the childhood memories we shared invaluable you 'll be greatly missed for you where great in every shade of light , ' they said . While another relative wrote : ` Rest in peace my handsome lil cousin ! All them beautiful memories and time we shared I shall keep dear to my heart . May Allah bless your soul . ' His family were informed of his death on Monday and father Dada Jama told SBS Radio he had been told of news via a text message and phone call . His cousins posted tributes to their much-loved relative on social media , saying he was ` beautiful ' Before he joined IS , Sharky was a ` budding ' model with FRM Management . Reports the Melbourne man of Somalian descent had fled to Syria to join the front lines first surfaced last year . It is believed Sharky and his friend , former La Trobe University student Yusuf Yusuf , had travelled to key IS outposts of Fallujah , Iraq , and Raqqa , Syria , respectively . In various pictures published by his modelling agency , Sharky is seen posing for photographs in smart casual clothing . Propaganda prop : Abdullah Elmir , 17 , from western Sydney , featured in a high-definition Islamic State broadcast earlier this year . Elmir , pictured , has not been heard from in IS propaganda since the video 's syndication . Islamic State has been heavily recruiting young Australians to come to the Middle East via online videos . In a series of professional photographs , he is seen showing off high-topped leather boots , cargo pants and a colourful scarf on a picturesque Australian beach . In other pictures , he gazes down the barrel of the camera , a patterned fedora tipped forward on his head as he saunters down a laneway wearing a short-sleeve dress shirt and pants . Sharky 's marketing card describes his chest , waist and collar measurements as well as his height -LRB- 5 ' 11 '' -RRB- , suit size -LRB- 38R -RRB- and shoe size -LRB- 10.5 -RRB- . It is not known what role the young Australian played in Fallujah - the first major city to fall to the Islamic State in 2014 , but there is no doubt it was very different to his Australian occupation . The Federal Government believes more than 70 Australians have fled to join the fighting in Iraq and Syria and the passports of more than 100 others have been cancelled . Other young Australians who have fled to Syria include Sydney teenager Abdullah Elmir who recently appeared in an Islamic State recruitment video .