Alan Gordon scored a first-half winner for LA Galaxy as they got over their nightmare start to the season against Seattle Sounders to move off the foot of the Western Conference in Major League Soccer . Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury but despite the absence of their Irish designated player - who was sat in the stands alongside David Beckham , the Galaxy were able to find just their second win of a difficult campaign so far . Gordon found the net with just his second goal of the season and it proved enough despite the Sounders having plenty of chances to equalise at the StubHub centre . Chad Marshall gets to the ball ahead of LA Galaxy striker Alan Gordon , who scored the opening goal . LA Galaxy -LRB- 4-5-1 -RRB- : Penedo ; Gargan -LRB- Meyer 86 mins -RRB- , Gonzalez , De La Garza , Rogers ; Ishizaki , Garcia , Husidic -LRB- Villarreal 83 -RRB- , Juninho , Zardes ; Gordon . Unused subs : Dunivant , Jamieson , Maganto , Rowe , Vayrynen . Booked : Gargan , Husidic , Juninho , Gordon . Manager : Bruce Arena . Seattle Sounders -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Frei ; Mears , Evans , Marshall , Remick ; Roldan -LRB- Aaron 85 -RRB- , Rose , Alonso , Pappa -LRB- Mansaray 89 -RRB- ; Neagle -LRB- Barrett , 74 -RRB- , Martins . Unused subs : Azira , Gonzalez , Perkins , Scott . Booked : Martins , Marshall . Manager : Sigi Schmid . Referee : Mark Geiger . Both sides started strongly , but it was the Sounders ' Lamar Neagle had the first chance of the game after nine minutes , flicking on from a cross that was tipped over the crossbar by Jaime Pendeo . Neagle again saw a header blocked by the keeper after 21 minutes and though it was the visitors with the best of the early chances , one minute later the Galaxy were ahead . Juninho sent a cross dep into the penalty area and centre back Omar Gonzalez rose to direct it back across Stefan Frei 's goal . The Swiss goalkeeper scrambled to re-adjust but was beaten to it by Gordon who could hardly miss and duly put the Galaxy into the lead . Neagle had a third chance on the stroke of half-time but could n't find the net having exploded through the Galaxy defence only to place his shot too close to Penedo who saved easily , diving to his right . The home side went in at the break ahead , and they came close to doubling their lead almost immediately after the break when Robbie Rogers shot low , forcing Frei into a sharp save at his near post . Juninho fired wide from distance moments later . Brad Evans of Seattle Sounders wins a high ball against Galaxy goalscorer Gordon in the first half . But back came the Sounders , and they should have levelled when Andy Rose latched on to a low cross but fired straight at Penedo from point-blank range when anywhere else would have led to a goal . The remainder of the game saw few clear-cut chances . Obafemi Martins had an effort easily saved from distance and while the home side looked dangerous on the break they often failed with the final ball . And so Gordon 's strike proved enough as Galaxy claimed just their second win of the 2015 MLS season .