Like super-models , they follow a strict daily diet -- in their case , three carrots , an apple and a few cabbage leaves -- to keep in shape for their public appearances . Over recent months , they have been feted across the globe and pampered wherever they go . One is even going to have a song written about his life . But when I meet Darius -- the biggest rabbit on earth -- and his similarly sized son , there is little evidence of diva behaviour . Former Playboy model Annette Edwards holds her world record Continental Giant rabbit Darius aloft . Five-year-old Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st -- the king of the Continental Giant breed . He is the size of an average eight-year-old child . Slightly wary , I join him on the floor of his owner 's home in the Worcestershire village of Stoulton and find he is a thoroughly gentle soul . He sits quietly , as I stroke his ultra-soft , grey fur , and examine his outsized ears and paws . Darius seems nonchalant about his world record -- and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son , Jeff . Aged only one , Jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighs 2st . With a rabbit 's peak weight and length kicking in at the age of two , Jeff has got some way to go . ` He 's going to get bigger , ' says their owner , Annette Edwards . ` His length is amazing . I think he might well take Darius 's record . ' Annette , a former Playboy model -LRB- not a Bunny Girl , it must be noted ! -RRB- , is a genius at giant rabbit-breeding . She has held the record for the world 's biggest rabbit , with different animals , since 2008 . It would be no surprise if Jeff took the title off his dad : after all , Darius took it from his own mother , Alice . Darius seems nonchalant about his world record -- and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son , Jeff . Annette , who has owned 100 bunnies over the past ten years , says the art of giant rabbit-breeding is simple . ` It 's the same as humans , ' she says . ` Some breeders make the mistake of only having one big parent . Both parents have got to be big . Jeff 's mum , Sally , is 3ft 5in long . She 's one of mine , too . ' The crucial thing is that rabbits from the same family should n't interbreed . ` You must n't , ' Annette stresses . ` You end up with all sorts of illnesses , and overgrown teeth . ' Unsurprisingly , nutritious food is at the heart of giant rabbit - breeding , and Annette admits that Darius is ` very greedy ' . As well as those daily carrots , apples and cabbage leaves , her brood have a bale of fresh hay a week between them . But , even with these hearty appetites , rabbit-breeding is a cheap hobby : £ 10 a week in grub for both bunnies . And medical care is n't expensive , either . ` They do n't need much looking after , ' Annette says . ` Only vaccinations against myxomatosis , and solutions to get rid of fly eggs . ' Certainly , Darius -- recently given a clean bill of health by vets -- seems to be in very good condition , as well as being intensely relaxed . It 's only when I boldly try to pick him up -- it 's like lifting a hefty toddler -- that he struggles a bit . Apparently , he 's a little shy of strangers but very affectionate once you get to know him . ` Darius has more experience with people , ' says Annette . ` But he 's a little slower . He plods around and follows me more . Jeff follows in his footsteps but he 's more energetic because he 's younger . ' Annette is currently single but insists that sharing her home with giant rabbits has n't affected her love life . ` No one has ever minded them , ' she says , ` I 'd only be with someone who likes animals . ' She is clearly devoted to the rabbits and looks after them with great attention . ` A lot of giants only live until the age of five . But mine live to eight to ten . ' On the sad day that they die , Annette 's beloved bunnies are buried in the garden under a rose tree . This devotion to animals began in her childhood . ` I was an only child brought up by my grandmother , ' says Annette , who herself is a grandmother of 14 and a mother of ten . ` I had a couple of rabbits as pets . I adored them -- they were my little friends . ' Giant genes : Jeff and his giant father Darius - who currently holds the record for being the world 's largest rabbit . Annette had to put rabbits to one side when she embarked on a modelling career . She was Miss Birmingham at the age of 29 , as well as the Face of Nivea and a Page 3 Girl . She still models -- ` mostly magazine work ' -- and , three years ago , at the age of 60 , she was the Sun 's oldest ever Page 3 Girl . Her work took her around the world , including New York , where she appeared as a model in Playboy magazine . As her children started to grow up , Annette returned to her love of rabbits . A friend put her in touch with a rabbit dealer in Holland , where the Continental Giant comes from . In 2004 , she bought Amy and Roberto -- they were unrelated , so she could breed them . ` My family were a bit shocked -- they thought they were the size of dogs ! But I loved that they were so big , so gentle and loving -- and very different . ' At that stage , Annette had no intention of going for any records . But , after an article on her rabbits appeared in the local paper , she was asked if she had considered applying to the Guinness Book of Records . Like all world records , measurement had to be precise to the last millimetre and gram . To judge their body length , they had to be laid out and measured from front paw to back paw , with legs fully extended . And so it was , in 2008 , that Annette learned that 3ft 3in long Amy was a world record holder . Annette has held the record for owner of the world 's biggest rabbit ever since . Not surprisingly in this age of bizarre hobbies and record-collecting , there 's keen competition -- and Darius is insured ` for a lot of money ' . Is his title under threat ? Annette says : ` No one 's come close so far . ' Of course , I bet you are asking yourself whether what they say about the rampant breeding habits of rabbits is actually true . Well , the answer is : yes . Rabbits , giant or otherwise -- left to their own devices -- can produce 60 young a year . Competition : Darius the rabbit measures 4ft 4in long while 3ft 8in Jeff still has six months of growing to do . ` That 's cruel -- it would kill the mothers in the end , ' says Annette . ` So I keep them to two litters a year , each of around four or five rabbits . ` It 's important to keep them relaxed . When it 's warm outside , they like to lie under a tree in the garden . But in cold weather I keep them indoors -LSB- in large dog crates -RSB- -- although it 's the damp you should be more worried about -- it gets into their bones . ' Annette says her rabbits are easy to have about her home . They roam around the kitchen , garden and a small barn . They do n't have access to the rest of the house , although she sometimes takes them into the sitting room , wrapped in a blanket . The rabbits cost £ 500 a time for personal appearances and have regularly appeared on television -- including the Paul O'Grady Show . A musician has asked if he can write a song in Darius 's honour , and their record-breaking has featured in news bulletins all over the world . Still , the Kardashians of the rabbit world have kept their cool , and not given in to any of the wicked temptations of global celebrity . Whether Darius retains his title or his son succeeds him , you just know that there will be no bad blood between the two most famous rabbits in the universe .