Taxpayers are having to find £ 11billion a year to top up the wages of millions of people working in supermarkets and other low paid jobs . The money , which amounts to a massive public subsidy for the companies involved , is paid to some 5.2 million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits . Campaigners say the figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table . The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax , according to the study by Citizens UK . Critics have accused supermarkets of relying on benefits to ensure their staff earn enough to put food on the table without them having to raise wages . The charity is campaigning for the adoption of the Living Wage - £ 9.15 an hour in London and £ 7.85 for the rest of the UK - across both the public and private sector . It estimates this would reduce the need for in-work benefits by £ 6.7 bn a year , which would make a massive dent in the £ 12billion reduction in welfare spending which the Conservatives say is necessary . The current minimum wage for those over 21 is £ 6.50 an hour and will rise to £ 6.70 in October , but this is well below what the Government accepts is needed by many people , particularly those with children , to make ends meet . The charity 's report complains : ` The public subsidy enables profitable businesses to get away with paying low wages . ' Its report says Tesco , Asda and Sainsbury 's posted combined profits of £ 3.9 bn last year , but between them cost the taxpayer more than £ 750m in benefits paid to their staff . Tesco paid £ 519m in tax but received £ 364m in public subsidy for its 209,000 low-paid workers . Asda spent £ 150m in tax but its 120,000 low-paid workers received £ 221m in benefits . Morrisons ' tax bill was £ 62m while its 83,000 low-paid workers received £ 190m in benefits and Sainsbury 's paid £ 180m in tax , almost exactly as much as its low-paid staff received from the public purse . Of all the profitable companies examined by the charity , Next had the highest average subsidy of £ 2,087 per head given its high proportion of young employees who are typically paid just above the minimum wage of £ 6.70 an hour . Next is run by the Conservative peer , Lord Wolfson , who came under fire last month for criticising the whole idea of a Living Wage as an ` invention ' Next is run by the Conservative peer , Lord Wolfson , who came under fire last month for criticising the whole idea of a Living Wage as an ` invention ' . He argued that pushing up wages will block recruitment . ` For very many people , the retail sector provides useful income and Next has 30 applications for every vacancy . Raising wages too fast will simply reduce employment opportunities , ' he said . Other firms who rely on the taxpayer to top up staff wages include Amazon , fast food outlets and local authorities , where cleaning and care workers , for example , are already paid by the taxpayer . Paul Regan , chairman of Citizens UK , said : ` The major retailers post profits and pay tax , but the Treasury has to step in and often pays out more than it gets in to help those workers for whom work does not pay . ' He called on the next government to show leadership ` by implementing the living wage into all public sector commissioning ' . The Rev Karen Rooms , Area Dean for Nottingham South and member of the Citizens UK Council , said : ` The figures revealed by this research are shocking , as the true scale of the subsidy of big business becomes clear . ` The huge profits made by some of these high street names are made off the back of poverty-wages . In some instances the amount of tax they pay does n't even cover the wage top-ups we all have to chip-in and help with through the Treasury . ` At a time of austerity when all sectors of society have to make savings it seems obscene that big business is n't playing its part to help the country recover . ' All of the main political parties support the living wage . Last week , David Cameron said businesses that can afford to pay it ` should consider doing so ' . Boris Johnson , the London mayor , said it was ` madness ' that large employers paid chief executives huge salaries while their lowest-paid workers were subsidised by the taxpayer . Labour has made demands for employers to pay the Living Wage a major plank of its election strategy . However , the former Labour Cabinet minister Alan Milburn , chairman of the Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission , said it could take 10 years to make the living wage a reality . He said : ` Employers will have to pay more but wages can not rise without improved productivity and more skills training . We will need a 10-year transition period to become a living wage country . ' Charles Cotton , of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development , warned wage rises will hit employment , saying : ` If employees were n't getting subsidies , would firms employ as many people or would they cut back ? ' Supermarkets said they paid above the minimum wage of £ 6.50 an hour for those aged over 21 , regularly reviewed pay and gave employees benefits such as staff discounts . Asda , which is part of the US retail goliath Walmart , said pay and benefits ` should be considered in the round ' . In the USA , it is estimated that Walmart 's low-wage workers cost U.S. taxpayers an estimated $ 6.2 billion -LRB- £ 4.2 bn -RRB- in public assistance including food stamps , Medicaid and subsidised housing . Morrisons said discounts and profit-sharing took the pay of many over the living wage . Sainsbury 's said it offered employees a discount card , annual bonus and paid breaks . Tesco said it paid , on average , 4-7per cent more than major competitors and had contributed £ 1.5 bn in tax through business rates , employer national insurance and corporation tax in 2014 . The British Retail Consortium said pay and benefits packages equated to an average of about £ 8.40 an hour and the industry had paid £ 19.5 bn in ` core business taxes ' last year . Asda , which is part of the US retail goliath Walmart , said pay and benefits ` should be considered in the round '