A young man whose former 26-stone bulk drove him to a suicide attempt has lost more than half his bodyweight and become a ripped gym instructor . Nathan Priestley , 21 , from Norwich , Norfolk , was once dubbed ` Jabba the Hutt ' by bullies and became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year . He was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills , but survived , ironically , because he had n't taken enough to defeat his massive frame . Scroll down for video . From bulk to hulk : Nathan Priestley , 21 , from Norwich , Norfolk , pictured before -LRB- left -RRB- and after -LRB- right -RRB- his staggering weight loss , was once dubbed ` Jabba the Hutt ' by bullies . Following his suicide attempt in September 2011 , something snapped in Nathan and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around . Within two years , he had shrunk to 14 stone . During the first year , he would only exercise in the dark from fear others would mock his efforts as he struggled to start shedding the pounds . Nathan ran the streets in the dead of night when no-one was around and turned off the lights so he could use a treadmill at his local gym unseen . After a year , Nathan started using weights to tone his slimmed-down figure , and was so successful he landed himself a job as a personal trainer . Nathan , now a trim 13 stone , said : ` I was always overweight as a kid and as I grew up the bullying contributed to that because I tended to comfort eat . ` Others would throw sweets at me when I was on the bus and call me `` fatty '' , `` fat mess '' and `` Jabba the Hutt '' . Transformation : Nathan 's former 26-stone bulk -LRB- left -RRB- drove him to a suicide attempt when he was only 18 , but he has since lost more than half his bodyweight and is now a ripped gym instructor -LRB- right -RRB- . Following his suicide attempt , something snapped in Nathan , pictured before his weight loss , and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around . During the first year , he would only exercise in the dark from fear others would mock his efforts as he struggled to start shedding the pounds . ` It was at that period in high school where I started to become really self-conscious about my weight . ` I did n't leave the house for a year and the only time I would leave my room would be to go downstairs to get food . ' Nathan added : ` My parents were really worried about me and tried to tell me to go and see somebody for help . ` After the failed suicide I realised that I needed to turn my life around and I started to diet . ` It was scary going outside and I was too afraid to leave the house because I thought people would be judging me . Before his lifestyle overhaul , Nathan was a sugar addict who gorged on bacon and egg butties , chocolate bars and greasy takeaways . He then went cold turkey and cut out junk food , chocolate , crisps and alcohol , and said he was left suffering from flu-like symptoms as a result . Nathan snacked on cashew nuts and went on a strict low-carb diet which helped him lose a stone a month for eight months . In progress : Nathan said , ` I never went to the gym at the beginning because I had no confidence , so for the first month it was purely diet ' He added , ` When I did eventually start going to the gym , I used to run in a darkened room which was there for people with low self-esteem ' ` I never went to the gym at the beginning because I had no confidence so for the first month it was purely diet . ` Then I would get up at three or four in the morning to go for a jog because I did n't want anybody to see me . ` When I did eventually start going to the gym , I used to run in a darkened room which was there for people with low self-esteem . ' By September 2013 - exactly two years after his suicide attempt - Nathan had dropped 14 stone , and has spent the last year dedicating his time to building the perfect body . Nathan now plans to enter body building competitions to showcase his transformation . Old ways : Before his lifestyle overhaul , Nathan was a sugar addict who gorged on bacon and egg butties , chocolate bars , alcohol and greasy takeaways , all of which he then quit cold turkey . ` I just want to show that it is possible to achieve what you want and it is never too late to get to where we want to be in life , ' he said . ` I am so much happier now and my life at the moment has completely changed around from where it was three years ago . ' He added : ` I am single but I do get attention from girls that I obviously would n't have got before . ` I want to show the people that bullied and harassed me that no matter how hard they beat me down , I will achieve more than them . ` If you 're unhappy with yourself , nothing is impossible and you should follow your dreams to become the absolute best version of yourself . ' Reformed : By September 2013 - exactly two years after his suicide attempt - Nathan had dropped 13 stone , and has spent the last year dedicating his time to building the perfect body . Breakfast : Smoked salmon with egg and avocado . Lunch : Turkey salad . Snack : Cashew nuts or beef jerky . Dinner : Chicken and vegetables . Breakfast : Two bowls of cereal and a bacon and egg sandwich . Lunch : Takeaway burger or fish and chips . Snack : Crisps and a chocolate bar . Dinner : Healthy family cooked meal . Snack : Sainsbury 's meal deal .