A 21-year-old man with depression has made the most gut-wrenching final goodbye video to his family , telling them not to blame themselves and reassuring them there is nothing they could have done to stop him taking his own life . While the chilling song ` Goodbye My Lover ' by James Blunt is playing in the background , the distressing three-minute footage shows Chris Ball repeatedly saying that no one should take the blame for his disease and expressing his unconditional love for his mother , four siblings and his girlfriend . On September 14 last year , Chris 's brother Jayden - who is only one year younger - and their stepfather found Chris 's body along with a USB stick containing the video sitting on top of a piece of paper which simply said : ` Mum and Dad , please watch . ' His family have shared the heartbreaking video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling disease , which takes the lives of more young Australians than car accidents and skin cancer , as part of a petition to call for more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals . Scroll down for video . Chris Ball made made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life . Jayden -LRB- centre pictured with siblings Matthew , Lara , Maddy and Chris from left to right -RRB- found his brother after the devastating tragedy . Chris starts off saying to the camera that this could be his last goodbye and then tells no one to blame themselves because ` depression is a disease and I 'm pretty weak-hearted - it does n't take much for me to get emotional , ' he said . ` I just want you to know that I love you all and there was nothing you could have done - it 's just me , my personality it 's who I am . ' He then goes onto talk about his ongoing battle with depression . ` I 've been feeling lonely for a while , I know I could get better - I keep trying to tell myself that but I just ca n't see it , ' he said . ` I use alcohol a little bit to help me to get through but if anyone puts on this USB - I love you - there is nothing you could really do . ' Chris then signs off by naming all of the most important people in his life - his parents , four siblings and his girlfriend , Holly . ` Holly do n't blame yourself - it 's not your fault - same with my family - Mum , Dad , Maddy , Lara , Matt , Jay - all of you just did n't do it alright ? This is me , myself - I love you - goodbye . ' Chris -LRB- left -RRB- was taken by his mother Kerrie -LRB- right -RRB- to the hospital 11 days earlier but was sent home with 10 Valium because there was a shortage of beds . The five people in Kerrie 's family who committed suicide : her nephew Andrew -LRB- top left -RRB- , her brother John -LRB- bottom left -RRB- and son Chris -LRB- centre -RRB- , her sister and Andrew 's mum - Lenore -LRB- right -RRB- and her sister Leeann -LRB- bottom right -RRB- . If anyone knows about the devastating impact of suicide it 's Kerrie Keepa who has lost her brother , two sisters , nephew and now her son , Chris , to depression . Kerrie said her son would still be with her today if Chris had not been sent home from Redland hospital in Brisbane 11 days earlier because he was told there were not enough beds available . A Metro South Health spokeswoman said it would be inappropriate to provide any details of Chris 's care while the coroner was still investigating the matter . ` However , Metro South Addiction and Mental Health Service did provide extensive support to Mr Ball and sufficient mental health beds are available within the Metro South Health area , ' she said . On September 3 , Kerrie received a hysterical phone call from her son who said he had deliberately cut himself multiple times on his leg . ` We had to wait for four hours and then a doctor gave him 10 Valium and told him to get a good night 's sleep and that somebody would contact him in a week or two from the outpatients ' department , ' she said . ` Then he said to me `` you can look after him ca n't you ? '' . ` I said to him `` please do n't take this lightly - there is a history of mental illness in my family '' and he just said that there were no beds . ' Chris said in his video that his family and girlfriend were not to blame for his ` disease ' ` I 've been feeling lonely for a while , I know I could get better - I keep trying to tell myself that but I just ca n't see it , ' he said in his video . Although Chris had been suffering from depression for the past two and a half years and had spent two weeks in the hospital during that time after making an attempt on his life , Kerrie said it was the worst state that she had seen her son in . ` I took him to my house and he was so withdrawn and crying the whole time , ' she said . ` His best friend Adam and I were on 24 hour suicide watch . ` It was the worst time of my life - I have never seen him so low . ' Ten days later , Chris told his mother that Holly was picking him up and taking him to his place so he could have a few drinks with his friends . The next morning , Kerrie was unable to get hold of Chris in her break at work so she asked her husband and Jayden to check on him . ` They heard music but he did n't answer the door so they broke it down and it was Jayden who found him . ' Only a year apart in age , Jayden and Chris were not only brothers but best friends . ` Jayden and my husband were having terrible nightmares - Jay kept seeing visions of Chris as he saw him when he broke the door down , ' Kerrie said . ` The next day Queensland Mental Health offered us counselling - I just ca n't get my head around that they would n't help Chris when he was alive but offered us counselling after he died . ' Before Chris became unwell two years ago , he was a happy and outgoing boy . Chris with his girlfriend Holly and his beloved dog , Bear , in happier times . Kerrie , who works for the health department as an aged care nurse , has started a petition to call on the government to urgently implement emergency suicide training in hospitals and dedicate more beds to suicidal youths in hospitals . ` I will hand deliver the petition to Canberra myself and hope the bloody politicians listen , ` she said . ` Mental health is rampant in my family so if any other family members show any sign they have no hope . ` I do n't know if I could cope losing another child I think it would be the thing that breaks me - my days are filled with fear . ' No matter what happens , Kerrie will always treasure the fond memories of her beautiful son . ` He was the most beautiful boy - he really loved his family - he would walk in and say `` I love you Mother Duck '' and give me a big hug and kiss , ' she said . ` Before he became unwell - he was happy and outgoing with a smile that lit up the whole room . ' To sign Kerrie 's petition go to change.org . Anyone who is suffering from depression or mental health issues should contact Lifeline on 131 114 or Beyond Blue -LRB- Australia -RRB- the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 1800 273 8255 -LRB- USA -RRB- or the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 -LRB- UK -RRB- , or a local help group .