Jailed millionaire Robert Durst pleaded not guilty Tuesday to the newest charge against him - a federal charge of possessing a gun after a felony conviction . U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22 . Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center . He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a .38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction and one of possessing the firearm along with an illegal drug : about 5 ounces of marijuana . Claiming innocence : Suspected murderer Robert Durst appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded guilty to a new charge of gun possession . Pictured above leaving federal court in New Orleans , Louisiana in handcuffs after the court appearance . Durst pleaded guilty to two federal charges in Pennsylvania in 2004 : possessing a firearm while a fugitive and while under indictment . However , his lawyers say those convictions do n't make it illegal for him to carry a gun under Louisiana law . The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California , where he 's charged in the December 2000 death of 55-year-old Susan Berman , a longtime friend - allegedly because she was going to talk to investigators about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982 . He was arrested early March 15 , less than 12 hours before HBO aired the final segment of ` The Jinx , ' in which - off camera in a bathroom but with the microphone still live - Durst whispers , ` There it is . You 're caught ! ' After about 10 other short sentences and disjointed phrases , he says , ` What the hell did I do ? Killed them all , of course . ' Durst was arrested last month on suspicion of the 2000 murder of his friend Susan Berman . The two pictured together above . It 's believed that Durst killed Berman because she was about to speak to investigators about the 1982 disappearance of Durst 's first wife Kathleen McCormack . Pictured together above . Tuesday 's hearing had its own bizarre moment when prosecutor Mike McMahon asked Durst if he understood the maximum penalties he faced if convicted . Durst responded : ` And you are ? ' Durst 's attorney and the judge then explained to him who McMahon was . Durst is being held without bail in a state prison where the Orleans Parish mental ward is located , because the sheriff 's office says experts found him a suicide risk . Defense attorneys and prosecutors met with a different federal judge last week to discuss another federal matter : whether two FBI agents and a state trooper on an FBI task force should be held in contempt of court for failing to show up at a hearing last week before the Orleans Parish Criminal District Court magistrate . Federal prosecutors moved that part of the case to federal court Monday ; Durst 's attorneys have not filed their response and have said they would not comment until they do . Durst 's lawyers say his arrest in New Orleans was timed to coincide with the conclusion of ` The Jinx . ' Durst had registered at the Marriott under the name Everette Ward and was lying low while HBO aired the final chapter of his life story . Authorities said they found a passport , a head-and-chest latex mask , a handgun and marijuana in his room . His lawyers say it was searched illegally .