Modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier , but often all it does is create more pitfalls . 21st century additions like a Facebook page , an Instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good . These days we are more connected than ever , but that regularly pushes a potential partner further away . Smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . On a date in the 1990s , the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation , food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill . Nowadays , the man or woman is also likely to try and photograph their food or keep checking their phone at the table . Girls are often caught out spending too much time in the bathroom , while they compare notes on their evening with friends as their date is sat back at the table . And after the evening is over both parties can fall foul of the temptation to get in touch too quickly - texting within hours of the meeting or checking out the other person 's Facebook profile immediately . While on a date it is considered rude to leave your phone on the table -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . To save the embarrassment of being chucked before the relationship has heated up because of your addiction to technology , Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up . They include leaving conversations about the dating app Tinder to evenings with your friends , and checking with a potential boyfriend or girlfriend before changing your relationship on Facebook . - Keep phones off the dining table ; your date wants to see your face , not your screen . - Do n't be tempted to take a snap of your food for instagram - it will look like you 're more interested in your followers than your date . - Refrain from ` checking in ' your location online too ; it could easily turn into a ` live-tweet ' scenario or worse , a ` helpful ' friend might drop by to see how it 's going . - Keep it offline ; immediately changing your relationship status on Facebook if the date 's gone well is a sure-fire way to scare off your date . - If it goes really well , it might be time to move the chat away from text ; take it to the next level and give them a call a few days after the date . - Do keep your taxi app handy in case you need to make a quick exit from a date disaster and you do n't have any cash . - If you must update your friends on how the date 's going , use snapchat -- it wo n't leave any evidence ! - Do n't brag about the number of matches you 've had on Tinder , they wo n't appreciate it . - Do n't assume your date will find that funny cat meme as hilarious as your friends did ! - And finally , leave the Google Glass at home , as recording your companion for post-date analysis is n't likely to get you a second date .