An obese woman has lost half her body weight after being told in front of her children she was too large to go on a fairground ride . Denise Fedyszyn , from Holmfirth , West Yorkshire , tipped the scales at 20 stone 4 lb - and wore dress size 26 - when she was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters Anya and Isla . A fairground worker told the 37-year-old : ` You 're too fat to ride , I ca n't fasten the seatbelt ' as she tried to go on a swing ride with her children . Denise dressed as a troll in a charity parade before -LRB- l -RRB- and Ms Fedyszyn after having shed more than 10st -LRB- r -RRB- . It left the mother-of-two embarrassed , upset - and determined to do something about it , so she joined Weightwaters , and changed her diet , as well as taking up exercise . ` I had to do something ' , Denise , who now weighs just over 10 stone and wears a size 10 , said . ` He said it in front of my kids and I could n't take any more . ` I had always been overweight through my teens and after I married my husband Anton , things got even more relaxed . ' After the fairground incident Denise joined a Weight Watchers group at Kirkburton with her long-term friend Lisa Walters . The pair had been mortified with pictures of them as bridesmaids at a friend 's wedding - and they were determined to make a change . Denise and her long-term friend Lisa Walters were mortified with the pictures of them as bridesmaids . After just 12 months , Denise has shed half her bodyweight and now weighs in at a little more than 10 stone . Along the way , she has taken up running , raised more than £ 500 for charity . Denise said : ` It was all down to that ; down to the kids and down to the fact that my dad - who lives at Hepworth - was ill , and because of the stress I resorted to eating all the time . ` That first day I joined Katie 's group I decided to go out for a run . It was more of a walk but I persevered and now I run regularly , as well as watch what I eat . ` I knew I had to change my lifestyle and I 'm so glad I did . ` I have done charity runs for Age Concern and for dementia research , to help my dad , and am also due to run in London next month and in the Great North Run . ` That weight is not going to go back on . ' Lisa Walters weighed 13st 5 lbs -LRB- left -RRB- , but in just two months she has shed 35 lbs taking her down to 11st -LRB- r -RRB- . Lisa , too is celebrating her weight loss . The mother-of-three , 29 , who goes to the Shepley Weight Watchers group , weighed in at 13st 5 lbs and size 14/16 when she was a bridesmaid alongside Denise . But in just two months she has managed to shed an incredible 35 lbs taking her down to 11st and a slender size 10/12 . ` I do exercise but it 's more a case of watching what I eat , ' said Lisa . Breakfast - Cheese on toast or a large bowl of cereal . Lunch - Pizza and chips or takeaway fast food . Dinner - Burgers or lasagne with lots of cheese . Snacks - Crisps , chocolate bars , biscuits , and lots of wine . Breakfast - Porridge or shredded wheat . Lunch - Kingsmill thins with cheese and salad and a weight watchers yogurt . Dinner - Chicken breast with Weight Watchers spice salad or in a pitta . Snacks - Fruit or Weight Watchers chocolate bar or snacks . ` My husband Joseph and the kids Kieran , 11 , Abigail , 6 , and Hollie , 4 , are all behind me and I intend carrying on with the health regime . ' As well as overhauling her diet and exercise regime , Lisa says she has cut back on the alcohol . ` I bought a Fitbit to track my exercise , ' she continues , ` I walk a lot more to school and back and have taken up jogging . ` I decided to loose weight after my dad passed away last year , from Chrons disease . He also suffered a blockage but due to his weight they would n't operate as he was so high risk . Medical conditions and obesity run in the family . ` Eventually his bowel burst and they had to operate , but he suffered complications during surgery . Obesity was listed on his death certificate as one of the causes of death and I know he would have had a better chance of survival if his BMI was within the healthy range . ' As well as overhauling her diet and exercise regime , Lisa says she has cut back on the alcohol .