Banned : Joseph Getty was caught driving his Range Rover through Belgrave Square while drunk . A member of the ultra-wealthy Getty family was today banned from driving after being caught behind the wheel of his Range Rover while double the legal drinking limit . Joseph Getty , 26 , pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of £ 1,000 , which he paid immediately . Westminster Magistrates ' Court heard that Getty had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100 ml of breath when he was stopped while driving through Belgrave Square , near his west London home , two weeks ago . His conviction came just a day after his relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home having suffered a ` traumatic injury to the rectal area ' . The court was told that Getty , who is a director of the jewellery company run by his wife Sabine Ghanem , earns £ 40,000 a year as a financial analyst and was given a £ 96,000 bonus last year . Prosecutor Kate Shilton told the court Getty was stopped just after 11 pm on March 17 , and had difficulty walking . ` He was stopped due to the manner of the driving , and officers could smell alcohol on his breath ' , she said . ` Mr Getty got out of the car and appeared unsteady on his feet . He had to be helped on to the footpath by the officers . ' Rebecca Lee , defending , said Getty had made a ` stupid decision ' to drive home from an evening celebrating his wedding with friends who lived less than a mile away . ` The friends had n't been able to come to his wedding , they offered him a glass of wine and he agreed , she said . ` It was at home , a large glass , and maybe the glasses were topped up without close attention being paid to how much exactly was being drunk . ` He just did n't think , it was half a mile to drive home and that 's what he did . He wishes he could turn the clock back but he ca n't . ' Socialite : Getty with Princess Beatrice , centre , and his jewellery designer wife Sabine Ghanem , right . The court heard that Getty had previously given up drinking in a bid to lose weight . ` It was pretty unusual on this evening that he had taken alcohol , ' Ms Lee said . Magistrate Paul Brookes said : ` Mr Getty , until today you were a man of good character and unfortunately you will lose your good character . ` In your own words it was a very stupid thing to do , but it was more than stupid - it was dangerous . ' He was disqualified from driving for 20 months and ordered to pay a fine of £ 1,000 , costs of £ 85 and a surcharge of £ 120 . Ms Lee told the court : ` He offers his very sincere apologies for driving when he had taken alcohol . ` He very much regrets doing that and understands it was wrong . He recognises he made a serious error in judgement and it is behaviour he does not intend to repeat . ` He is acutely conscious of the effect on his wife and family , he knows they will be very disappointed with him and extremely angry with him for doing something so stupid . ' Tragic : Andrew Getty has been found dead at his mansion in Hollywood , naked from the waste down . Ancestors : Joseph Getty is great-grandson of J. Paul Getty , left , and grandson of Sir John Paul Getty , right . Getty is the son of Mark Getty , the founder of leading photographic agency Getty Images , and the grandson of philanthropist Sir John Paul Getty . The Getty dynasty was started by J. Paul Getty , Joseph 's great-grandfather , who became the richest man in the world thanks to the Getty Oil Company and went on to set up a number of acclaimed art institutions , despite being a notorious miser . But the super-rich family has been touched by tragedy , most recently when Andrew Getty - son of John Paul 's brother Gordon - died after years of drug-taking and hard partying . He was found unconscious in his mansion , naked from the waste down and suffering from a brutal injury to his ` rectal area ' , according to the authorities . Sir John Paul Getty , who died in 2003 , was an Anglophile who became a British citizen and built a replica of The Oval cricket ground at his country estate in Buckinghamshire , Wormsley Park . But he also suffered family tragedy as his second wife Talitha died of a heroin overdose , and his son John Paul Getty III was kidnapped in Rome . The family thought that John Paul III was faking his own kidnapping until his ear was cut off and sent to them . He was left paralysed after a drug overdose led to a stroke , and he died four years ago at the age of 54 .