There 'll be no need to queue up at the gates of Buckingham Palace and crane your neck to discover the sex of the new royal baby . In fact , all you 'll need is access to the internet . When Prince George 's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world , their arrival will be announced first on Twitter according to a report in The Sunday Times . News of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of Buckingham Palace , just like Prince George and Prince William before him - or her . Scroll down for video . When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was first announced in an emailed press release ... ... before being displayed on the traditional easel inside the gates of Buckingham Palace . When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was first announced to journalists in an emailed press release . A formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then taken by police escort to Buckingham Palace and displayed at the gates to retain ` the theatre ' of a genuine royal occasion . A palace spokesman said at the time : ` We wanted to retain some of the theatre of the notice . It is quite important to us that this is done properly and with the degree of dignity that the event demands . This is the birth of a child who will be in line to the throne . It is a rare occasion and it is nice to be able to do it with some historical precedence . ' Clarence House also tweeted the news , and the British Monarchy 's Facebook page was also updated . Royal sources say the only difference between the birth of Prince George and his brother or sister will be that there will be less ceremony around the delivery of the piece of paper from the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's to Buckingham Palace . The signed document is expected to be taken out of a side door and delivered to the palace in an unmarked vehicle . And it 's not the first time the Duke and Duchess have chosen Twitter to deliver news . When the couple got engaged in October 2010 the announcement was first made on Twitter the following month . The birth of Prince William was first announced on an easel outside Buckingham Palace in 1982 . Prince William 's birth announcement was signed by the doctors who delivered him . With the Duchess due to give birth any day , one gambler has bet £ 10,000 that she will give birth to a girl . The man , in his late 30s and from Manchester , will collect more than £ 15,000 in winnings , which includes his original bet , if the royal baby is a princess . Bookmakers Ladbrokes said the anonymous punter normally gambles on horse racing and football , and this is his first bet on the Royal Family . The Duchess in March at one of her last public appearances before the birth of her new baby . The man said : ` I 'm not really bothered by the royals , but I 'd just had a big win and my missus reckons it 's a girl , so that 's a good enough reason for me . ' Ladbrokes set the odds of the baby being a girl at 8/15 and 11/8 for a boy . William and Kate 's fourth wedding anniversary on Wednesday April 29 is now one of the favourite arrival dates at 4/1 . Alice remains the favourite girls ' name at 5/4 , while Charlotte is 5/1 . Arthur is the favourite boys ' name at 12/1 and James has odds of 20/1 . As the wait for the royal baby continues , Prince Harry has a rapidly reducing window of opportunity to meet his new niece or nephew before he returns overseas . He flew back to the UK to attend the London Marathon after commemorating the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign in Turkey . He chatted to St John Ambulance volunteers and handed out medals to winners of the elite races . Harry is scheduled to return to Australia tomorrow . David Cameron has defended William and Kate for opting to use private health services rather than the NHS . Asked if he was disappointed the Royal Family did not use the NHS , Mr Cameron told Murnaghan on Sky News today : ` I think it 's a total matter of choice for people - what they use and where they have their babies . ` All I hope and pray for is there 'll be happy , healthy news for that wonderful couple and for the whole country . ' He added : ` The NHS is superb and I 've seen that in my own life in so many different ways but I believe in choice , I believe in people being able to do what they want to do , and as I say I 've only got one thought about the royal baby which is a happy and healthy arrival . ' The baby will officially be overdue if Kate has not given birth by May 1 , and even Kate herself has said the baby is due mid to late April . Parking restrictions outside the Lindo Wing run out after April 30 . Some believe labour is influenced by the lunar cycle and the arrival of a full moon , and the next full moon is on May 4 . The suggestion is that the moon 's gravitational pull affects the amniotic fluid in the same way it affects the water in the sea and rivers . When Kate gave birth last time on July 22 , it was the day of a new full moon .