Hundreds of relatives , friends and strangers have gathered to bid an emotional farewell to the 23-year-old man who perished in the gas explosion and building collapse in New York City last month . Nicholas Figueroa 's mother , Ana , was among more than 200 mourners to attend the funeral for her son , who was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city 's East Village when he was killed . Carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son 's image , she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the Church of the Holy Name of Jesus in Manhattan . Mr Figueroa 's father , Nixon , who supported his wife throughout the funeral , told mourners : ` I 'm here but I 'm broken . My son is broken . My wife is broken . It hurts ... It 's heartbreaking for everybody . ' Scroll down for video . Farewell : Nicholas Figueroa 's father , Nixon -LRB- center back -RRB- , and brother , Neal -LRB- front right -RRB- , were among the pallbearers carrying the 23-year-old 's casket out of the Church of the Holy Name of Jesus after his funeral . Grief-stricken : Carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son 's image on her top , Mr Figueroa 's mother , Ana -LRB- pictured -RRB- , wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the church . Tragic : Mr Figueroa -LRB- left -RRB- , a former model and bowling lane employee , was settling the check for himself and his Bowlmor Lanes colleague at a Sushi Park restaurant in when the building exploded and collapsed -LRB- right -RRB- . Speaking at the Upper West Side church , the 52-year-old father added : ` We 're here to show the love we always have for him . I appreciate everybody coming . I 'm going to put my son to rest now . ' Mr Figueroa , a former model and bowling lane employee , was settling the check for himself and his Bowlmor Lanes colleague at the Sushi Park restaurant in Second Ave. when the building exploded . He was declared missing following the terrifying incident , which gutted three buildings . But last week , his body was pulled from the building 's rubble alongside that of 26-year-old busboy , Moises Locon . During Tuesday 's service , mourners - including City Council Speaker , Melissa Mark-Viverito - clung to each other and wept as heartfelt speeches were made and ` Ave Maria ' rung through the church . Mr Figueroa 's brother , Neal , paid tribute to his ` best friend ' , who had worked as a camp counselor at Manhattan 's Asphalt Green sports facility . ` I want to be just like him , ' he said , according to NBC . He added : ` I ca n't wait to have my own little boy , he 's going to have the same name : Nicholas . ' Casket : Mr Figueroa 's father , Nixon , told mourners : ` I appreciate everybody coming . I 'm going to put my son to rest now . ' Above , pallbearers carry Mr Figuero 's casket as his distraught mother -LRB- second right -RRB- watches . Large turnout : During Tuesday 's service , attendees - including City Council Speaker , Melissa Mark-Viverito - clung to each other and wept as emotional speeches were made and ` Ave Maria ' rung through the church . Bidding goodbye : Mr Figueroa 's brother , Neal , paid tribute to his ` best friend ' , who had worked as a camp counselor at Manhattan 's Asphalt Green sports facility . ` I want to be just like him , ' Neal told mourners . The emotionla funeral was held at the Church of the Holy Name of Jesus -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the Upper West Side . The Reverend Lawrence Ford praised Mr Figueroa for his selfless work as an Eagle Scout with the Boy Scouts , saying that his life had been ` cut too short , ' according to the New York Daily News . One Boy Scout at the funeral told CBS the victim had shown ` devotion and leadership ' . Meanwhile , Paul Culff of Asphalt Green , said Mr Figueroa had ` left an impression ' with the facility 's youngsters . Mr Figueroa 's parents placed a white cloth over his brown casket as a symbol of his innocence . Inside the casket , their son was reportedly dressed in a blue shirt , a checkered tie and a navy vest . Following the service , a number of pallbearers - including Mr Figueroa 's father and his brother Neal - were pictured carrying his casket to a hearse in front of loved ones , who were holding red roses . It was then placed in a hearse and driven away . In addition to Mr Figueroa and Mr Locon 's fatal injuries , 22 more people were wounded in the five-story building explosion at 121 Second Avenue . Probe : Mr Figueroa 's parents placed a white cloth over his brown casket as a symbol of his innocence . Above , investigators work on the site on April 2 to determine whether charges should be brought over the explosion . Blaze : Firefighters battle the flames following the explosion at the East Village apartment block last month . Former model : Mr Figueroa -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- was declared missing following the terrifying incident . Mr Figueroa 's date , Teresa Galarce , 22 , suffered a broken nose , a broken rib and a punctured lung . She is now recovering from her injuries . It is unknown whether she attended Tuesday 's funeral . The explosion also caused fires at 119 , 123 and 125 Second Avenue . All buildings apart from 125 ultimately crumbled to the ground , prompting an enormous response from emergency crews . Following the recovery of his body , Mr Figueroa 's family had started raising money to help cover his funeral costs and other expenses via a GoFundMe page , which amassed more than $ 27,000 . On Monday , it was reported that a plumber who worked on the building has accused the building 's landlord 's son of making him illegally tap a gas line ahead of the deadly blast on March 26 . The unidentified plumber admitted that he illegally tapped a gas line before the explosion but said he only did so on the orders of the landlord 's son , Michael Hrynenko Jr. , the New York Post reported . Another victim : Last week , Mr Figueroa 's body was tragically pulled from the building 's rubble alongside that of 26-year-old busboy , Moises Locon -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who had worked at the sushi restaurant six days a week . Aftermath : Firefighters continue to hose down the site of the fire that gutted three buildings on March 27 . The gas was apparently being siphoned from the restaurant to tenants in the building . Investigators suspect the illegal hookup was switched before Con Ed inspectors visited the building on March 26 , and after they left , it was put back , the Post reported . It added that authorities have not yet decided whether to use the plumber 's statement against him or if they will get him to testify in exchange for a deal . Neither the landlord , Maria Hrynenko , nor her 29-year-old son Michael , who also goes by the name ` Mischou ' , responded to the paper 's requests for comment . On Monday , it was claimed that a plumber who worked on the building has accused the landlord 's son , Michael Hrynenko Jr -LRB- pictured -RRB- , of making him illegally tap a gas line ahead of the deadly blast . Property records show he lives in Sparkhill in Rockland County , New York after moving from 7th Street in the East Village last year , where he lived in an apartment owned by his family . The investigation continues as authorities continue to pick through the rubble at the site . But charges including second-degree manslaughter and reckless endangerment could be brought against anyone believed to have been behind the blast , the Post reported . In August , utility workers found that the gas line had been illegally tapped , Con Ed said . The discovery led the company to shut down gas service to the building for about 10 days while the building owner made repairs . Gas service was restored after the utility deemed it safe . Inspectors from Con Ed visited that building about an hour before the explosion and determined work to upgrade gas service did n't pass inspection , locking the line to ensure it would n't be used . The work underway was to put in a bigger line to serve the entire building , according to Con Ed . But 15 minutes after the workers left , the smell of gas was reported . No one called 911 or Con Ed . Instead , Michael Hrynenko and a contractor , Dilber Kukic , opened the basement door to check on where the smell was coming from . When they did so , a massive explosion shot through the building , forcing rubble onto the street and sparking a fire that spread to neighboring buildings . Both Michael Hrynenko and the contractor escaped the scene , but officials later pulled the bodies of Mr Figueroa and Mr Locon , who worked at the restaurant six days a week , from the rubble . The contractor , Dilber Kukic - who is facing unrelated charges of bribing an undercover investigator posing as a housing inspector - declined through his lawyer to comment on the explosion .