A 10-year-old autistic boy has hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to the Immigration Minister pleading to be allowed to stay in the country he has called home for the past eight years . The touching words were written by Tyrone Sevilla and delivered to Peter Dutton 's office in Brisbane on Monday , along with a petition containing 122,000 signatures . The poster simply said : ` Dear Mr Sutton , Can I stay in Australia please . Tyrone . ' Maria Sevilla and her young son 's desperate last-ditch attempt to remain in the country comes as they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires today . This comes after the Immigration department rejected the single mother 's visa application 28 days ago because Tyrone 's autism would be a ` burden on the Australian health system ' . Scroll down for video . Tyrone Sevilla hand delivered this heart breaking message to Immigration minister Peter Dutton 's office on Monday begging to stay in Australia where he has lived with his mother for eight years . Tyrone and his mother Maria Sevilla -LRB- left -RRB- face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines as their visa expires today - Monday . Ms Sevilla told Daily Mail Australia about the anguish her son would experience if they were forced to leave the country they love so dearly . ` Most of my immediate family are here and we have integrated into the community and Tyrone has lots of friends and loves his school , ' she said . She said she was concerned about how her son 's condition meant he does n't adapt well to change . ` When I drop him at daycare before I go to work and I take a different route he gets upset . ' The thought of being sent back to the Philippines is also overwhelming for Ms Sevilla . ` I 'm scared to leave to tell you the truth - how would I cope starting over again ? ' she said . ` I would have to rely heavily on my parents who are not getting any younger . ' Tyrone goes to a school in Townsville in Northern Queensland which caters for his special needs and Ms Sevilla works as a nurse at Townsville hospital . Ms Sevilla said her son has improved immeasurably since he started school four years ago . ` My friends can see that he has changed tremendously , ' she said . ` Before he started at the school he could n't sit still for five seconds and I could n't let go of his hand in the street because he would run off - but now I just call his name and he comes . ' Tyrone has excelled since starting at a specialised school in Townsville four years ago . Due to Tyrone 's autism , he does not adapt to change very well . Earlier this month , the Queensland government labelled the Federal Government 's decision to deport Ms Sevilla and her son as ` cold and heartless ' . Ms Sevilla said she did not want to be a burden , and was working in Australia in an effort to give her son the best possible ` future ' . Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a ` cold , heartless decision ' by the Federal Government . ` I call on them to reverse the decision , ' she said , according to the ABC . Ms Sevilla said she hoped Mr Dutton would exercise his ministerial power and allow them to stay . ` It 's like , I 'm pleading for our life , for Tyrone 's future , ' she said . A spokeswoman for Minister Dutton said the Migration Review Tribunal had reviewed the case and affirmed the original decision . ` Most visas for Australia require applicants to meet the health requirements set out in Australian migration law , ' the spokeswoman said . ` The health requirements are an objective assessment to determine whether the care of an individual during their stay in Australia would likely result in significant costs on the Australian community . ` The visa was refused because the child did not meet the health requirement . ' Ms Sevilla , a single mum and nurse in the Queensland town of Townsville , has lived in Australia with her son since 2007 . She says it is the only place he knows , and he only knows English . Maria Sevilla has lived in Australia since 2007 , when she arrived in the Queensland town of Townsville - a single mother wanting to become a nurse , in the hope of finding a better life for herself and for her baby . Her son was diagnosed with autism at the age of two , six months after they arrived in Australia . Ms Sevilla told Daily Mail Australia the new life in Australia ` changed everything ' for her and her son , and she was able to fulfill her ` dream ' of working as a nurse . It was not possible for Ms Sevilla to work as a nurse in the Philippines , where she said university is only possible for ` well-off families ' . ` Coming here and becoming a nurse has given me assurance for our future and a sense of fulfilment , ' she said . Ms Sevilla also rejected claims her son will be a burden on the country . ` All of it could be taken away because the government thinks that children with autism are going to be more of a cost to Australian society than a benefit -- but that 's just not true , ' she said . Ms Sevilla has made a petition and is appealing the decision to send herself and her son back to the Philippines - a place where she has no family and no network of support . ` Everything is here for us . My work , our family , our home is here , Tyrone 's school . ' Ms Sevilla 's application for a Skilled-Region visa subclass 489 was rejected by the Department of Immigration and Border Protection due to Tyrone 's autism . The rejection letter states that Tyrone ` has a severe autism spectrum disorder , a condition that is likely to be permanent in nature ' . It stated that he would likely need special education services , state disability services , Commonwealth disability services and residential care services . ` Tyrone would be likely to result in a significant cost to the Australian community in the areas of health care , ' the rejection letter said . A spokeswoman for then-Immigration Minister Scott Morrison said in a statement accompanying the initial rejection : ` The visa was refused because the child did not meet the health requirement . ' ` The applicant was advised of her options for independent review of the decision . People can only seek ministerial intervention once a refusal decision has been upheld at merits review ' . Tyrone is a ` very cheeky , happy little boy ' who is thriving at his specialised school in Townsville . Before appealing the decision , Ms Sevilla said she had received heartwarming support from many Australians . ` I have received so many messages from mums of children with autism ; it 's very prevalent in Australia , ' Ms Sevilla said . ` As a mother of a child with autism , I know it is n't a disease you have to cure , but one you have to manage . ` Tyrone is a happy child with full of life attitude and can lighten the mood of a room with his presence . ` The idea that he ca n't contribute because of his condition is just wrong . People with autism can be excellent at a whole range of things ; he just needs to be given a chance . ' Due to Tyrone 's autism , even minor changes to their routines troubles him , meaning having their deportation would cause enormous issues for the little boy . ` But if we 're asked to go back to the Philippines , we 'd have to start from scratch . Tyrone only knows English . He only knows life in Australia . ' Ms Sevilla is sad , not angry , that the Immigration Department does not understand Autism , and says that her son deserves a chance . Ms Sevilla lives with her brother and his wife , with her mother only fifteen minutes away - or as Ms Sevilla explains it ` just a phone call away ' . They are a crucial support for her and adored by Tyrone . Ms Sevilla says there is no support for them in the Philippines , compared to Australia , where her beloved mother , brother , sister-in-law , aunty , uncle and cousins live . She says they are a crucial support , caring for Tyrone when she is on night shift . ` I have found a better life for my family in Australia with my close family . My mother , stepfather and Tyrone 's uncle and aunty are so important for Tyrone and I. ` They are a big help , as any single mum would understand . ' Ms Sevilla says that through all her challenges , Australia has been a safe , caring place for her and her son . ` I have a lot of support from the community . I have my family . I have never felt alone . ' To sign the petition to keep Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone in Australia , click the link here . Ms Sevilla -LRB- pictured second from the left , in pink -RRB- and her son Tyrone -LRB- centre , in blue cap -RRB- say they have ` never felt lonely ' in Australia , despite their challenges , because of all the support they have been given .