A two-year-old girl who was born with abnormal facial development is now smiling , laughing and dancing again six months after a major surgery , aided by 3D printing , helped reshape her face . Violet Pietrok , who lives in Portland , Oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb . It is so rare only 100 cases have been reported . The condition caused a widening of Violet 's facial features , specifically with her nose , which had no cartilage , and the space between her eyes . She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye . Two-year-old Violet Pietrok , from Portland , Oregon , is now smiling , laughing and dancing again six months after a major surgery , aided by 3D printing , helped reshape her face . Violet was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a congenital malformation that widened her facial features , specifically her nose and the space between her eyes . Violet 's eyes were originally so far apart her vision was like that of a bird of prey 's , her mother told the New York Times . Plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children 's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet 's surgery , specifically with molds of her skull that were made using a 3D printer . Meara made about five different models from the time of Violet 's first birthday to leading up to her October 2014 operation . He said he used them both to see how Violet was growing and developing , and to practice the cuts and incisions he knew he was going to have to make before he even stepped into an operating room . ` This is n't like free throw practice , ' he told the Statesman Journal . ` You ca n't just go out and try and if you miss , try again . The molds allowed Meara and the other surgeons to see what possible problems could arise with certain methods . They also gave the doctors a fuller picture of what they were working with - one that was even better than what they 'd be able to see during the operation . Meara used the molds during the almost seven-hour surgery , and referenced them when the doctors tried to find solutions for a complication , according to ABC News . Violet 's new face allows her to be just as expressive as any of the other children her age . Violet 's mother Alicia Taylor said that it took a ` little while ' for Violet to get back to normal as she spent six weeks recovering from the operation in the hospital and adjusting to her new vision perception . ` It 's all about perspective , cause it gets hard , ' she said in a Boston Children 's Hospital video . ` You just kind of have to see the finish line and keep and eye on where you 're going and why you 're doing this . ' Plastic surgeon Dr. John Meara of Boston Children 's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet 's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using a 3D printer . There were physical complications , one which sent Violet back to the operating room , as well . It took more than three months for her scar , which threatened to unzip , to heal . But her stitches were finally removed at the end of February , just in time for Violet 's second birthday . And she has been smiling the whole way through . Taylor said the only time her daughter , who she said is ` taking it all in stride ' , is n't smiling now is if she 's sleeping or throwing a typical toddler fit . Even with the surgery , Taylor said Violet ` does n't see herself as different ' . The only thing that bothered her about her stitches was that she could n't wear ribbons in her hair . But Taylor admits that as much as the family loves Violet 's new face , they do find themselves missing her old face as well . ` I was so worried that they were going to take her and she was going to be unrecognizable , ' she told ABC News . ` I miss that little face because you love it . ' But Taylor said the surgery , and the cosmetic touch-ups that will occur once Violet reaches kindergarten , will be worth it in the long-run . ` This will make a huge impact with her quality of life and the way people perceive her , ' she said . As for now , Taylor hopes that by sharing Violet 's story she can help people become more aware of the condition - and hopefully change the way they react to it as well . Even with the surgery , Taylor said Violet ` does n't see herself as different ' . The only thing that bothered her about her stitches was that she could n't wear ribbons in her hair .