Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future in order to cope with the eventual loss of players such as Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso . Sammer , who joined Bayern 's hierarchy in July 2012 , has warned manager Pep Guardiola that the club have to ` make plans for the future before it is too late ' . The 47-year-old , speaking to BT Sport in an interview which took place before this week 's Champions League defeat at Porto as part of a special documentary ` Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves ' , said : ` There will be a new generation , not now and not tomorrow but Bayern need to be conscious that it will happen . Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer was speaking to BT Sport pundit Owen Hargreaves . Sammer stands on the touchline along with Pep Guardiola during Bayern 's win over Eintracht Frankfurt . ` Philipp and Basti -LRB- Schweinsteiger -RRB- are in their early 30s , Xabi Alonso is older , Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery are over 30 - all in the midfield and wing positions . ` If you have big players then you have to discuss these matters - as it influences the future of the club . ` It is true that Lahm is contracted until 2018 as are Alonso and Bastian until 2016 , but we have to make plans before it is too late . ' Sammer , who himself played at the top level for the likes of Stuttgart and Borussia Dortmund , has laughed off the suggestion that you can play until you are 45 . Sammer insists the Bundesliga giants must make plans to cope without the likes of Philipp Lahm . Bayern duo Xabi Alonso and Bastian Schweinsteiger are also approaching the latter stages of their career . He added during the interview which airs this Saturday on BT Sport 1 : ` We must intervene earlier . We both know that big players avoid the subject as in their heads they think they can play until they are 45 . But that is unworkable . ` I have spoken to Karl-Heinz -LRB- Rummenigge -RRB- in the attempt to change this perception . Let 's get the players on board . They will respect this . ` You gain openness and trustworthiness . The club has a responsibility to itself to explore a future without Lahm and the others . The club must continue beyond these players . That is Lahm 's duty as well as the club 's . ' Bayern will be hoping to bounce back from their recent 3-1 Champions League defeat by Porto when they face Hoffenheim on Saturday . Watch ` Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves ' on BT Sport 1 this Saturday -LRB- April 18 -RRB- at 10 pm . Hargreaves also talks to Bayern Munich captain Lahm during the upcoming BT Sport documentary . Former Bayern ace Hagreaves interviews Xabi Alonso during the programme which will be aired on Saturday .