A Washington woman was arrested after allegedly striking a five-year-old boy with her truck before hiding from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt . The scent of Marsha Yumi Perry , 36 , was tracked through a field by a Washougal police dog on Friday , who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in , according to police . After Officer Kyle Day , who could not see her , warned he was about to unleash the dog , ` the ground moved , and she sat up , ' Washougal Sgt. Geoff Reijonen told Oregon Live . Police said the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows , and he was taken to PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center in Vancouver . Marsha Yumi Perry -LRB- above -RRB- , 36 , was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant after she allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her car . Following the incident , Perry was taken into custody on accusations of felony hit-and-run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant , and was taken to Clark County Jail . On Friday , authorities were called after the boy rode a tricycle out of a driveway when he was hit by a car around 6 pm . Witnesses told police Perry tried to drive off but when she was unable to she got out of her Ford pickup truck and walked toward Washougal River Road , according to Oregon Live . Police dog , Ranger , was able to track her scent near the shallow hole she was hiding in before she gave herself up after warnings to reveal herself before the dog was unleashed , Reijonen said . Authorities said at the time of the incident , Perry had a misdemeanor warrant out for her arrest . Previously , she was arrested in Oregon in November 2014 on accusations of identity theft , being in possession of methamphetamine and providing false information to police , according to Oregon Live . The case is still pending and she pleaded not guilty . Following Friday 's incident , police do not believe drugs or alcohol were involved and the investigation is ongoing . Following the incident , police said Perry hid herself from officers in a shallow hole and was found by a police dog who tracked her scent through a field south of the 1800 block of Woodburn Road -LRB- above -RRB- .