An Iowa politician is on trial this week accused of sexually abusing his wife after doctors said she was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex . When Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown , it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple , both previously widowed . But their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna 's health began to fail . Last year , the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home , suffering from dementia and Alzheimers . According to Henry Rayhon 's family , this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage . Republican lawmaker Henry Rayhons , 78 , is preparing to stand trial in Iowa for sexually assaulting his wife , who died last August , days before he was formally charged . Conflict developed over how to care for Donna Lou Rayhons , culminating in a meeting in which staff told Henry Rayhons that his wife was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex . State prosecutors say Henry Rayhons -- a long-serving Republican state lawmaker -- ignored that message . On Wednesday , he will stand trial for sexually assaulting his wife , who died last August . The charges were filed days after she died . Many couples experience the hardships of illness , mental decline and living apart , but what happened with the Rayhons has little precedent . Experts could not think of another rape case that happened because a previously consenting spouse could no longer legally acquiesce . ` This is the first one I 've seen , ' said Mark Kosieradzki , a Minneapolis-based attorney who has tried numerous cases of sexual abuse in nursing homes . ` It 's a case that 's going to be focusing on the rights of the vulnerable . Just because you 're married , it does n't mean you need to check your consent rights at the door . ' Through an attorney , Donna Lou Rayhons ' daughters declined to discuss the case . The state Attorney General 's office also declined . And Henry Rayhons , who has said that he is innocent , refused an interview through a son . Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown , but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna 's health began to fail . Last summer , when the charges were first filed , Henry Rayhons ' family released a statement . ` Donna 's location did not change Dad 's love for Donna nor her love for him . It did not change their marriage relationship . And so he continued to have contact with his spouse in the nursing home ; who among us would not , ' read the statement , which went on to call the charges ` illogical and unnatural . ' The crux of the case is the question of Donna Lou Rayhons ' ability to consent . Iowa law defines an act as sexual abuse in the third degree if the two parties are not living together as husband and wife and if one person ` is suffering from a mental defect or incapacity which precludes giving consent . ' Elizabeth Edgerly , a clinical psychologist who serves as chief program officer for the nonprofit Alzheimer 's Association , said determining capacity is challenging . ` Is the person capable of saying no if they do n't want to do something ? That 's one of the biggest pieces , ' said Edgerly , who frequently lectures on sexuality and Alzheimer 's . Rayhons is charged with sexual abuse in the third degree and could serve up to ten years in prison if convicted . But Edgerly also noted that patients can vary day to day and said that physical closeness can be reassuring to many , noting : ` For most people with dementia , even long into the disease , they take comfort in being with people who love them . ' Rayhons is charged with sexual abuse in the third degree and could serve up to ten years in prison if convicted . Shortly before the charges were filed , Rayhons withdrew from a race to serve a tenth term in the Iowa House of Representatives . The Iowa attorney general 's office sought to move the trial out of Hancock County , where Rayhons lives , arguing that they would not be able to find an impartial jury after the extensive news coverage . But a judge denied the request . Court documents provide a window into the bitter case , which has left a blended family divided . In late March of last year , Donna Lou Rayhons moved to a nursing home in Garner . The clashes over her care built until a meeting in May during which Henry Rayhons was informed of his wife 's inability to consent . Suffering from dementia and Alzheimers , Donna Lou Rayhons was moved into a nursing home by her daughters from a previous marriage last year and she died in August . According to court documents , Henry Rayhons entered his wife 's room about a week later , pulled the curtains around her bed and a roommate heard noises that suggested sexual activity . As Rayhons left , he dropped undergarments in a laundry basket . Not long after that incident , one of Donna Rayhons ' adult daughters went to court and won temporary guardianship . A state crime lab found semen stains on Donna Lou Rayhons ' quilt and a sheet that matched Henry Rayhons ' genetic profile . The charging document says he confessed to sexual activity that night , but in an interview last year on the Dr. Drew On Call show on the HLN network , his son Dale Rayhons said the police interview was taken out of context . Dale Rayhons said in a recent statement to The Associated Press that he supports his father , adding that : ` to have found love and companionship this late in their lives was an extraordinary and special thing for both Dad and Donna . '