Controversial payday lender Wonga could change its name in a desperate attempt to regain credibility after a string of scandals caused the firm to lose £ 37.3 million . The firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending , as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters . Wonga 's revenues fell by nearly £ 100million last year to a total of £ 217.2 million , it was announced today - months after the company wrote off the debts of 300,000 customers . Controversial : Wonga , whose puppet advert is shown here , has reported a loss of £ 37.3 million . Now chairman Andy Haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair the company 's reputation . ` We are not ruling it out or in , ' he told Reuters today . ` The question comes down to whether it remains the only brand or one of many brands , and ultimately does it stay as a brand for the overall company ? ' Wonga 's financial woes are expected to continue thanks to a new cap on the interest rates it can charge which was introduced at the start of this year . Announcing the firm 's latest set of results today , Mr Haste said : ` We said Wonga would be smaller and less profitable in the near term as we focus on creating a sustainable business that lends responsibly and transparently to customers who can afford to borrow from us . Desperate measures : Chairman Andy Haste says that Wonga might change its name . ` We know it will take time to repair our reputation and gain an accepted place in the financial services industry , but we 're determined to deliver on our plans and serve our customers in the right way . ' He said that all credit providers have to ` put their customers first and lend responsibly ' , admitting : ` Regrettably , that has not always been the case at Wonga . ' The firm 's chairman insisted that Wonga would no longer lend to customers who can not afford to repay their loans , and said that the company had ` grown too quickly ' without putting in place the necessary management structure . The number of Wonga 's customers in the UK fell by nearly half , to 575,000 , with the company making 2.5 million loans in the course of 2014 compared to 3.7 million the year before . The total amount of money lent fell from £ 1.1 billion to £ 732million - but the company said that just 6.6 per cent of loans were defaulted on , down from 6.9 per cent in 2013 . Wonga has cut the proportion of loan application it accepts from 80 per cent to just half after toughening up the criteria which potential lenders must meet . However , Mr Haste admitted that it is likely to take another year to turn the company around , saying that 2016 would be when ` we will start to come back ' . Last year , Wonga took a £ 35million hit from writing off 300,000 personal loans , and also faces a £ 20million bill over the bogus legal letters scandal . The company was ordered to compensate 45,000 customers who were sent official-looking letters demanding repayment from law firms which were actually just a front for Wonga itself . Wonga also courted controversy with its cheerful adverts featuring puppets , which critics claimed were designed to appeal to children and which have now been pulled from the airwaves . Row : The company now faces new restrictions on the amount of interest it can charge on loans . New rules introduced this year are designed to clamp down on the costs of payday loans offered by companies like Wonga . Interest rates have been capped at 0.8 per cent a day - meaning that Wonga has had to cut its annual rate from 5,853 per cent to 1,509 per cent . Experts have warned that up to 99 per cent of payday lenders could be driven out of business by the rates cap , although Wonga is considered likely to survive because of its high profile . However , earlier this year Wonga announced that it was sacking 325 staff - a third of its workforce - in the wake of the new rules . Among those who have led the criticism of Wonga is the Archbishop of Canterbury , who announced plans to set up a Church-backed credit network which can compete with payday lenders . Clampdown : Payday lenders are now significantly restricted in the interest rates they can charge . March 2013 : The UK 's biggest payday lenders are threatened with being put out of business after a damning report by the Office of Fair Trading uncovers evidence of ` widespread irresponsible lending ' . June 2013 : The OFT refers payday lenders to the Competition Commission for a full-scale inquiry , saying it has found ` deep-rooted ' problems . It finds some firms ' business models appear to be based around customers taking out loans which they are forced to roll over because they can not afford them . March 2014 : Payday lenders face a new inquiry to see how sympathetic they are when customers struggle to pay back their debts , the Financial Conduct Authority announces . April 2014 : Supervision of the whole payday lending industry passes from the OFT to the FCA . The FCA immediately starts putting tough new rules into action , including forcing payday firms to provide financial health warnings in emails , online and in texts and signpost people to free debt help . June 2014 : The Competition and Markets Authority releases provisional findings from its competition investigation and says that payday loan borrowers are paying around £ 60 a year over the odds because of problems shopping around . It suggests setting up an independent price comparison website for payday customers . The FCA announces that Wonga is to pay £ 2.6 million in compensation after chasing struggling customers with fake legal letters in order to pressurise them into paying up . Between October 2008 and November 2010 , the firm sent correspondence to about 45,000 customers in arrears from non-existent law firms threatening legal action . July 2014 : The payday industry comes under more new rules overseen by the FCA . From July 1 , payday firms have to include risk warnings in television advertising . They are also banned from rolling over a loan more than twice . The FCA proposes a cap on payday lending , meaning that from January interest and fees on new loans , including those rolled over , must not exceed 0.8 per cent for each day of the amount borrowed . October 2014 : The CMA announces plans that will force payday lenders to sell their products through impartial comparison websites as part of a new clampdown by the watchdog . January 2015 : The FCA 's new cap on interest rates comes into force . It is predicted to squeeze up to 99 per cent of lenders out of the market . February 2015 : The Competition and Markets Authority says payday lenders will have to put their deals on comparisons sites , as Wonga reveals plans to sack one third of its workforce . April 2015 : Wonga reports a pre-tax loss of £ 37.3 million in the wake of its high-profile struggles .