They had only one shot at it , with the masked raider wriggling clear of security in the 88th minute and making his way into the penalty area undetected . This was the second London heist in a week , with the Loftus Road imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear in front of QPR 's stunned supporters . Cesc Fabregas was the diamond when he worked the opening , following the carefully laid out plans of Eden Hazard and substitute Oscar to pull off this unlikely job for Chelsea . The finish called for precision . Cesc Fabregas arrives late on to convert Eden Hazard 's pass and secure all three points for Chelsea at Loftus Road . Fabregas celebrates with Branislav Ivanovic after scoring a late goal which was harsh on QPR , but sent Chelsea seven clear . Jose Mourinho 's team are within inches of the silverware -- the Barclays Premier League crown -- after this dramatic game of smash and grab . Rob Green had been on guard throughout , but the crestfallen Rangers keeper made the mistake that allowed Chelsea to extend their lead at the top of the table again . You snooze , you lose . It was an important victory for Mourinho , keeping Arsenal at arm 's length by recording their 22nd victory of the season in the Premier League . ` We have been at the top throughout , ' he declared . Nemanja Matic hugs his goalscoring team-mate Fabregas as Joey Barton and Charlie Austin look on dejected at the final whistle . Charlie Austin lets fly from long range , the best effort for either side in a first half lacking quality in front of goal . Where they rank among the great teams to win the title , such as the Manchester United vintages -LRB- 1999 and 2009 -RRB- or Arsenal 's ` Invincibles ' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- -- is of no concern to the Portuguese . Chelsea 's manager has put together a team to win the league , grinding down the opposition until they eventually lift the trophy , probably later this month . They are relentless , we know that . Here at Loftus Road they were met with the resistance of their noisy neighbours QPR , surviving the screams and shouts from the stands to stretch their lead over Arsenal to seven points . Thibaut Courtois made a stunning save to deny Austin , as Chelsea 's Belgian goalkeeper kept QPR 's forwards at bay . They will meet at the Emirates on April 26 , but Chelsea are equipped to survive the sternest and stiffest tests that domestic competition can throw at them . Even Arsene Wenger knows a title-winning team when he sees one . Chelsea had only one shot on target , an improbable statistic for a team that can call upon the dancing feet of Hazard , Willian , substitute Oscar and Fabregas . Joey Barton -LRB- above -RRB- was everywhere for QPR , but Ramires -LRB- below -RRB- failed to have much impact . CLICK HERE to see more from Match Zone . QPR : Green 5.5 , Isla 6.5 -LRB- Dunne 90 mins -RRB- , Onuoha 7 , Caulker 7 , Hill 7 , Phillips 6.5 , Barton 6.5 , Sandro 6.5 -LRB- Kranjcar 81 6 -RRB- , Henry 6.5 , Austin 6.5 , Zamora 6.5 -LRB- Hoilett 83 5.5 -RRB- . Subs not used : McCarthy , Mitchell , Grego-Cox , Comley . Booked : Zamora , Sandro . Chelsea : Courtois 7.5 , Ivanovic 6.5 , Cahill 6.5 , Terry 7 , Azpilicueta 7 , Ramires 5 -LRB- Oscar 56 6 -RRB- , Matic 6 , Willian 6.5 -LRB- Cuadrado 80 5.5 -RRB- , Fabregas 6.5 -LRB- Zouma 90 -RRB- , Hazard 6 , Drogba 6 . Subs not used : Cech , Luis , Mikel , Brown . Booked : Drogba . Goal : Fabregas 88 . Referee : Andre Marriner . Man of the Match : Courtois . Ratings by Sami Mokbel . Chelsea were careless in possession , knocked out of their rhythm by the boisterous presence of Karl Henry , Sandro and the bristling figure of Joey Barton strung out across the QPR midfield . This defeat feels tough on them because anyone who can sedate Nemanja Matic and Ramires over the course of 90 minutes probably deserves a bit more . The pair were over-run in that Chelsea midfield . Rangers have found an outlet in the willing , emerging figure of Matt Phillips down their right flank . They have to use and abuse him to stand a chance of staying up . Chelsea 's Cesar Azpilicueta wins the ball from QPR 's in-form winger Matt Phillips as the league leaders attempted to control the game . He looked to be their one chance of making something happen , a shuttlecock on that halfway line as he flitted in and out of Chelsea 's half . Cesar Azpilicueta will be glad to see the back of him . So will Gary Cahill , the Chelsea defender who bravely intercepted Phillips 's dangerous first-half crosses from that cultured right boot . Phillips was a menace on that wing . He had a massive chance to put Rangers in front at the start of the second half , denied by the anticipation of Chelsea keeper Thibaut Courtois when the Belgian moved to his left to turn the shot away for a corner . Joey Barton battles with Chelsea 's Cesc Fabregas , who was wearing a mask after a collision with Charlie Adam against Stoke last week . When that failed , Rangers went old school , lofting balls into the box in the hope that forwards Bobby Zamora or Charlie Austin would get their head onto one of them . Even against Chelsea captain John Terry and the commanding presence of Cahill , the agricultural approach almost worked . Terry was hammered by QPR fans , choking on the abuse from the stands because of his exchange here with their former centre half Anton Ferdinand in October 2011 . Didier Drogba , starting in the absence of Diego Costa and Loic Remy , is tackled by Steven Caulker at Loftus Road . John Terry , whose every touch was booed by the Loftus Road crowd , wins the ball ahead of Bobby Zamora to clear the danger . Chelsea 's captain has learned to deal with it , but the trip to Loftus Road is possibly as poisonous as it gets for Terry . He can take his medicine . Rangers were shooting from anywhere , with Austin 's looping effort falling neatly into Courtois ' arms from long range and later drawing a stunning save to the keeper 's right with another poke from distance . Even Barton shanked an effort wide of Courtois ' goal when he was put clean through after the break . They gave this a right , old-fashioned go . Clint Hill puts in a tough tackle on Chelsea 's Brazilian winger Willian as QPR battled hard and matched Chelsea in the first half . Loftus Road was a bear pit , with just under 20,000 Rangers crammed into this stadium to watch them match their west London rivals for blood and guts . Under manager Chris Ramsey , they have renewed their faith . Rangers have given themselves a chance of getting out of the mess at the foot of the table after that handsome 4-1 win at West Brom earlier this month , followed by a 3-3 draw with Aston Villa . There is a noticeable shift in mentality , pulling together as they approach the final five games -- West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester -- of the season . Three are winnable . Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck -LRB- left -RRB- and owner Roman Abramovich share a joke as they watch their team in action at Loftus Road . The Russian was celebrating his 700th game as Chelsea owner since taking over the west London club in 2003 . Terry has to stretch to stop the ball getting through to Zamora as the hosts created the better chances in the first half . Gary Cahill stuck tight to Austin as the QPR front two caused plenty of problems with their direct style of play . Terry clashed with Austin on a number of occasions , in particular when he felt the QPR striker had followed through on Courtois . Chelsea are masters at this , calling on the pedigree of Hazard , in his 100 appearance in the Premier League , Oscar and the timing of Fabregas to secure this narrow win . It was their first chance , the only time in this game when they properly opened up the central defensive pairing of Steven Caulker and Nedum Onuoha . The man in the mask was there to finish the job , scoring in the league for the first time since Chelsea won 2-0 on the road at Stoke on December 22 . ` It 's like failing a driving test , ' admitted QPR 's manager . Here at Loftus Road , Fabregas turned out to be the getaway driver . A QPR fan shouts abuse at Chelsea 's Brazilian midfielder Oscar as the player prepares to take a corner late on . Buck and Abramovich watch the action unfold at Loftus Road as Chelsea take another step closer to the Premier League title .