A former TSA agent claims groping happens every day at security checkpoints across the United States and staff routinely bend the rules to get their hands on passengers . Jason Edward Harrington , who worked with the government agency for six years , added screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and will conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like . His comments follow revelations that two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights . Writing for TIME magazine , he said the case was disturbing but admitted it came as no surprise to him . Allegations : Jason Edward Harrington , who worked with the TSA for six years , claims groping is a daily occurrence at security checkpoints across the country and said staff of ` bending the rules ' so they could inappropriately touch passengers -LRB- file picture -RRB- . ` Over the course of my six years with the TSA , the leveraging of rules and surveillance tools to abuse passengers was a daily checkpoint occurrence , ' he said . ` And while it 's easy to focus all the blame on the two unsavory screeners who are now no longer with the agency , perhaps the bigger issue here is a systemic one : There are far too many federal hands on people 's private parts in airports . He added : ` Perhaps the most disturbing part of the sexual assault of male passengers at Denver International via full-body scanners is that the victims will likely never even know they were assaulted , since so many passengers have their private parts fondled when passing through the scanners , anyway . ` It 's difficult to tell where airport security ends and sexual assault begins these days . Pat-downs of people 's sensitive areas should be much rarer than they are at the airport . ' Mr Harrington also alleged the body scanners , that are used by millions of Americans every year , are ` practically useless ' . ` The TSA , in its rush to replace the controversial `` nude '' radiation scanners that they phased out in 2013 , swapped out one poorly functioning line of machines for another . ` The current millimeter wave scanners , with their outrageous false-positive rates , regularly cause unnecessary pat-downs : The agent running his or her hands over you after you pass through the scanner is almost never doing it for a good reason . ' The sackings follow a number of controversies over the screening of passengers at U.S. airports since 2010 , when the agency adopted heightened security measures including full body imaging and pat downs . In November , a TSA employee tipped off the agency that a male screener at the airport told her he groped male passengers he found attractive , according to a Denver police report . In response , an investigator went to the airport in February and saw the screener signal to a female colleague when a certain male passenger entered the screening area , the police report said . Scandal : His comments follow revelations that two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver -LRB- security pictured -RRB- as part of a scheme to pat men down as they passed through security checks . The woman colleague used a touchscreen system to categorize the passenger falsely as a female , which caused a scanning machine erroneously to detect an anomaly and trigger a pat-down of the passenger , the police report said . The investigator watched as the male screener then used that opportunity to pat down the passenger 's groin and buttocks , according to the police report . The woman screener was later interviewed by the investigator and told him she had participated in the pat-down scheme at least 10 other times . `` These alleged acts are egregious and intolerable . TSA has removed the two officers from the agency , '' the TSA said in a statement . The names of the two fired TSA screeners were withheld from the Denver police report released to the media . The TSA submitted its findings to Denver police , who turned the case over to the district attorney 's office for a possible charge of unlawful sexual contact . None of the passengers believed to have been touched by the screener could be identified , so prosecutors declined to file that charge , said office spokeswoman Lynn Kimbrough . Potential victims have already began contacting the TSA and , as the investigation continues , criminal charges could come in the future . Earlier this month it was also revealed the TSA would ` enhance ' pat-down training following complaints from African-American women that they were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings .