It 's that time of the season when Premier League footballers cast their vote for the PFA Players ' Player of the Year . Last year 's winner Luis Suarez now resides in Spain , so , too , does 2013 victor Gareth Bale . It means we 're almost certain to see a new name on the trophy come May . Here , Sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders ... Name : Harry Kane . Club : Tottenham . Age : 21 . Stats : Apps 44 , Goals 29 . Striker Harry Kane has hit an astonishing 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season . Kane -LRB- second right -RRB- has twice been named Player of the Month during his breakthrough campaign . Kane -LRB- left -RRB- broke into the England squad and scored 79 seconds into his debut against Lithuania . Reasons he deserves it : Very few would have predicted Kane would plunder an incredible 29 goals by early April in what is essentially his breakthrough season . His has been the name on everyone 's lips since the turn of the year and last month 's England call-up was thoroughly deserved . In an age where diving , spitting , lying and cheating too often dominate our news agenda , Kane 's goal-laden arrival has been a joy to witness . Reasons he does n't : Are there any ? You could argue it took him until November to score two Premier League goals but that was as much to do with a lack of opportunities . Previous -LRB- individual -RRB- Premier League honours : Player of the Month -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Name : Eden Hazard . Club : Chelsea . Age : 24 . Stats : Apps 44 , Goals 17 . Eden Hazard has been Chelsea 's outstanding performer , scoring 17 times in 44 games . Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- has been a menace to opponents all season with his trickery and high workrate . Hazard -LRB- centre -RRB- is the odds-on favourite to be named PFA Players ' Player of the Year . Reasons he deserves it : He 's running back into form at just the right time and his goals look like they 'll edge Chelsea towards the title . Hazard , under the instruction of Jose Mourinho , has married graft to his craft and has been his side 's outstanding player this season . The fact he works so hard in addition to his creativity is sure to earn the respect of fellow pros and it 's no surprise he is the odds-on favourite for the prize . Reasons he does n't : Like Kane , it is hard to make an argument against a player who has performed at such a high level on a consistent basis . It did , however , take the Belgian a little while to find his scoring stride and he netted just once in the opening nine matches of the campaign . Previous honours : PFA Young Player of the Year 2014 , PFA Team of the Year 2013 & 2014 . Name : Diego Costa . Club : Chelsea . Age : 26 . Stats : Apps 30 , Goals 18 . Reasons he deserves it : His immediate impact was sensational , smashing seven goals in his first four outings . His presence as the spearhead of Chelsea 's attack has turned them into title winners and he is n't afraid to put in a shift either . Diego Costa has spearheaded Chelsea 's attack this season , with 18 goals in 30 appearances . Costa -LRB- right -RRB- fires in the winner for Chelsea in their 2-1 victory over Liverpool at Anfield . Costa 's bid to become Player of the Year could be hampered by the games he has missed through injury . Reasons he does n't : He 's missed too many games because of injury , as well as suspension , and is too often on our back pages for the wrong reasons . It is that edge which will probably dissuade fellow pros from voting for the Spaniard . Previous honours : Player of the Month -LRB- 1 -RRB- . Name : Sergio Aguero . Club : Manchester City . Age : 26 . Stats : Apps 31 , Goals 23 . Reasons he deserves it : Without his goals City 's title challenge would have faded long ago . It has been a poor season at the Etihad . Aguero , though , has managed to mask those shortcomings with his brilliance . His four goals against Spurs and match-winning treble versus Bayern Munich are among the best individual performances of the season . Meanwhile , he was so devastating during his two-goal show at Sunderland that the home crowd rose to applaud the Argentine when he made way late on . Sergio Aguero has again been in prolific scoring form for Manchester City , blasting 23 goals in 31 matches . Aguero -LRB- right -RRB- has struggled with fitness and has only managed to score three times in the league in 2015 . Reasons he does n't : If Aguero managed to avoid what are all-too-frequent visits to the treatment room then City might be pushing Chelsea harder for the league title . He only has three league goals in 2015 and , while his numbers remain impressive , that lack of consistency will cost him votes . Previous honours : Player of the Month -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Name : David de Gea . Club : Manchester United . Age : 24 . Stats : Apps 37 , Clean sheets 13 . David de Gea -LRB- left -RRB- has been outstanding for Manchester United with 13 clean sheets this season . De Gea shone for United in the early part of the Premier League campaign when United struggled for form . De Gea 's displays have been integral to United 's top-four charge and he has been their best player . Reasons he deserves it : Only De Gea was spared criticism as United struggled to find their rhythm during the early part of the season . Indeed , there was an argument that , without his points-saving heroics , Louis van Gaal might have come under pressure far sooner . He has matured into the goalkeeper Sir Alex Ferguson thought he would and it is little wonder he is now being courted by the likes of Real Madrid . Reasons he does n't : Only the goalkeeper in a title-winning side would land the PFA prize , you feel . For while De Gea has been United 's best player , he has not single-handedly done enough to turn them into challengers for the Premier League crown . Previous honours : PFA Team of the Year 2013 . Name : Alexis Sanchez . Club : Arsenal . Age : 26 . Stats : Apps 43 , Goals 20 . Alexis Sanchez hit the ground running at Arsenal following his Barcelona switch , with 20 goals in 43 games . Sanchez hit 14 goals in 18 appearances during his most relentless scoring period this season . Chile international Sanchez has added greater aggression to Arsenal 's attacking line with his arrival . Reasons he deserves it : There was a suspicion it would take the Chilean time to settle in the Premier League . Well , he did n't score in his first four matches but then embarked on a run which yielded 14 in 18 . His energy , aggression and will to win -- coupled with bags of quality -- has made all to the difference to an Arsenal side previously lacking in such vigour . Reasons he does n't : His goals have dried up since January and his awesome autumn could well be forgotten by the time votes are cast . However , he is still a certainty for Arsenal 's individual annual honours . Previous honours : Player of the Month -LRB- 1 -RRB- . Name : Jordan Henderson . Club : Liverpool . Age : 24 . Stats : Apps 45 , Goals 7 . Reasons he deserves it : He has emerged as Liverpool 's future captain having taken on responsibility in the centre of the park . Henderson barely misses a minute and is now a certain starter for his country -- not bad for a player who Sir Alex Ferguson said could not run properly . He 's also added goals to his game and is a real pro 's pro -- it would be no surprise to see him land his fair share of the votes . Jordan Henderson -LRB- centre -RRB- has continued his development into an essential player for Liverpool this season . Henderson emerged as Liverpool 's future captain with Steven Gerrard -LRB- right -RRB- leaving at the end of the season . Henderson has added more goals to his game and has been ever present throughout Liverpool 's campaign . Reasons he does n't : It has n't been a vintage year for Liverpool and their bid for Champions League football looks set to end in failure . As good as Henderson has been , this will almost certainly cost him the top prize . Previous honours : None . VERDICT : If the bookies are to be believed then the award will be going to last season 's Young Player of the Year , Eden Hazard . However , do n't underestimate the amount of goodwill there is towards Harry Kane within the game and he could well clean up with both the young and senior prizes . And that Roy of the Rovers tale would be a victory for everything we love about the game . Kane certainly gets my vote !