Nick Clegg today revealed he struggled with maths at school , as he prepares to launch his election manifesto which will promise to balance the nation 's books ` fairly ' . The Lib Dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art when he was at school . He will use tomorrow 's manifesto launch to promise a ` stronger economy and a fairer society ' , and accuse the Tories of wanting to embark on an unnecessarily deep cuts . Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg today revealed he struggled with maths at school , as he prepares to launch his election manifesto which will promise to balance the nation 's books ` fairly ' Mr Clegg has promised to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to benefits and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the very wealthy . He has set out plans for £ 5billion in new tax rises , £ 7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance , £ 12 billion in public spending reductions and a £ 3 billion cut from welfare . But today he admitted that maths had not been his strong point as a youngster . Answering questions from youngsters at the Cradle Hill community primary school in Seaford , East Sussex , Mr Clegg said : ` My grades were OK . I was better at languages and English and art and history , I was a bit better at that than I was at maths and science . ' Despite his professed weakness in science he added : ` I liked physics . ' Mr Clegg visited the school alongside former minister Norman Baker , who hopes to retain the Lewes seat . Mr Clegg , campaigning with Lib Dem minister Simon Hughes in Southwark , has promised to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to benefits and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the very wealthy . The Lib Dems will launch their manifesto tomorrow , after the Tories unveiled their promise of ` the Good Life ' today and Labour 's Ed Miliband vowed to cut the deficit every year at his launch yesterday . On the campaign trail in south London earlier , Mr Clegg criticised Conservative plans to extend the Margaret Thatcher 's flagship Right to Buy scheme . The existing scheme allows tenants living in council-owned properties local authority tenants to buy houses and flats at a discount of as much as 70 per cent up to a maximum of £ 102,700 in London and £ 77,000 across the rest of England . The Conservatives plan would extend the scheme to people living in properties owned by housing associations - not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes . But Mr Clegg said : ` It 's a measure of how much the Conservatives have run out of new ideas that the big idea on the day they publish their manifesto is a poor cover version of one of Margaret Thatcher 's 1980s hits . It does n't even add up , it 's not even affordable as the housing industry has said . ' ` It will not help people who do n't presently live in their own home , it does not help the youngsters who are living with mum and dad and want to move out , it does not help the millions of people in private rented accommodation who want to own their own home . ` As the housing industry has said , actually under this plan you will see affordable housing go down rather than go up . ' Miriam Clegg at a campaign event in Greater Manchester . Nick Clegg 's wife Miriam today revealed how she is juggling the election campaign with making sure their three sons are ` OK during this intensive time ' . Mrs Clegg , who uses her maiden name Gonzalez Durantez , hit the campaign trail in Hazel Grove , Greater Manchester . She took part in a series of activities in the guides hut , including making lava lamps and also edible pigs made from cream eggs , chocolate digestives and fondant . Asked if the campaign was a hard time for her and her family , she said : ` It 's a busy time . ` I primarily focus on ensuring that our children are OK during this intensive time and then I continue with my normal life and try to help from time to time as I see that I can fit , without changing completely my life , but helping as much as I can . ' She said : ` It 's an exciting campaign . It 's obviously a very close campaign for everybody . Nobody 's going to have an outright majority and that makes it quite interesting . ' On whether Mr Clegg was holding up , she said : ` Oh yes , you can see him . ' The couple have three sons : Alberto , Migel and Antonio .