Melbourne radio broadcaster John Burns has been revealed as the media personality alleged to have vilified Richmond 's Bachar Houli . Burns , who hosts 3AW morning show Ross and John with Ross Stevenson , is alleged to have referred to Houli as a ` terrorist ' at a club function at the MCG on Friday night during the Tigers ' match against Melbourne . The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns and said he does n't recall making the comment , and is ` mortified ' by the allegation . 3AW host John Burns -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Bachar Houli a ` terrorist ' John Burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also did n't recall the comment being made . Mr Burns spoke to 3AW 's Tom Elliott on Monday afternoon and said that while he did n't recall making such a comment , he apologised unreservedly if any offence had been caused . ` The game was underway and the person in front of me turned around and said ` what did you say ' ? ' Mr Burns said on the radio show . ` I was n't aware of having said anything really and I do n't recall what I said but he alleged that I made a comment that was offensive . ` I do n't recall that comment . ' Mr Burns went on to claim that the person he was sitting with did not hear his comment . When quizzed by Tom Elliot on how much liquor he had consumed during the game , Mr Burns said he had enjoyed himself but alcohol did not contribute to the events . He said he could n't even begin to imagine what words of his might have been misconstrued but went on to tell Tom Elliot that he ` did n't say anything like accidental tourists , I would n't think ' . ` I ca n't recall saying anything that I intended to be offensive to anybody on the other side of the game . ' Mr Elliot told Mr Burns that he has heard the term ` terrorist ' and ` jihadist ' being used to describe Bachar Houli on numerous occasions at matches , however Mr Burns said he has never witnessed this . Bachar Houli -LRB- pictured -RRB- became the first Muslim man to play at top level AFL in 2006 . He said Mr Houli is a ` delightful man ' . Mr Houli became the first Muslim to play AFL the game at the top level in 2006 , when he was employed by Essendon . The 27-year-old moved to Richmond in 2011 and has since taken on the role of multicultural ambassador . In a statement , Mr Burns again apologised ` unreservedly ' , in particular to the people at the match and members of the Richmond Football Club . ` I had the pleasure of attending the Richmond Football Club function on Friday night , ' Mr Burns said . ` During the match , I sat with a friend and we were catching up and talking about the game . It has been suggested to me that during a conversation with my friend , I was overheard saying something which that person found offensive . ` I have no recollection of making an offensive remark . ` However , I acknowledge that a complaint has been made and the idea that something I 've said has offended someone is mortifying to me . Houli is a multicultural ambassador for the AFL . ` If I have said anything that has offended anybody , I unreservedly apologise . In particular , to the people at the match and the Richmond Football Club . ' Richmond Football Club also released a statement and said they ` now consider the matter closed ' . ` Richmond Football Club acknowledges the statement released by 3AW 's John Burns this afternoon in relation to an incident that took place at the MCG on Friday night . ` The Club fully supports the staff member who brought this issue to its attention and accepts his version of events . We also accept the apology and now consider the matter closed . ' Speaking to The Herald , Tigers captain Trent Cotchin said there is ` no place for it in our game , ' when he was asked about the comments allegedly made against Houli . ` It 's disappointing to see and hear and as a collective we need to make a stronger stand on it , ' he said .