A woman who was sexually abused as a child by her step-father has spoken out for the first time after a confession to her fiancé led to her attacker being jailed . Kim Hill , from Suffolk , has bravely waived her right to anonymity and spoken about how she was abused by Derek Osborne from the age of four . The now 31-year-old revealed she was forced to dress up in her mother 's lingerie at the age of eight , and was even made to watch pornographic films . Kim Hill -LRB- left -RRB- was abused for years by her step-father but never revealed her past until her partner Rob -LRB- right -RRB- encouraged her to approach the police about her attacker . The couple pictured on their wedding day in 2013 . For years , Kim bottled up the painful memories until she met her husband Rob , 34 , who guessed that she had been abused and helped to put Derek behind bars 20 years after the offences . While planning their wedding in 2013 , Rob asked his fiancée if she had been abused as a child due to her withdrawn nature . His question finally prompted Kim to confess what happened to her . The mother-of-two says that Rob 's question finally gave her the nudge that she needed to reveal her past . ` I 'd waited my whole life to hear that question . I was desperate for someone to bring it up , so I could tell them the truth . Derek Osborne -LRB- left -RRB- abused Kim -LRB- right as a child aged seven -RRB- from a young age encouraging her to get into his bed for ` cuddles ' At the age of nine Derek -LRB- pictured -RRB- forced Kim -LRB- pictured left as a child -RRB- to dress up in her mother 's lingerie and watch porn films . ` When Rob asked me it was my chance to share the painful secret I 'd been hiding -- that the man I had called dad had abused me . ' She told Rob how her step-father made her climb into bed with him and kiss and cuddle him . He even attacked her two days after her 12th birthday , while taking her out for a celebratory meal . Speaking about the abuse , Kim , who married Rob in 2013 , said : ` I did n't know any different so I accepted what he was doing as normal . ` I saw him as my dad . I just thought my dad loved me very much . ' Kim 's biological father died when she was young and she was aged three when Derek began a relationship with her mother . She says that as a young child Derek 's attention was originally welcomed in her large family . ` I scrambled for mum 's attention with my three siblings . But I was always Derek 's favourite . ` He 'd come and tuck me into bed while Mum watched television downstairs . ' But the attention soon turned sexual . She said : ` He would kiss me on the lips . Kim never revealed her past until Rob asked her if she had been abused ahead of their wedding . ` He often called me into his bed at night for a cuddle , so he could touch me under the covers . ` I was too young to know how wrong it was . I thought nothing of it . But years went by and the touching became more intimate . ' Aged seven , Kim was taught sex education at school which soon made her realise that her step-father 's actions were not normal . She said : ` I found out at school how babies are made . ` I was horrified , all I could think was , `` What if I have a baby growing inside me ? '' ` I knew how upset mum would be if she found out and I 'd get into so much trouble . ' Kim was too scared to approach anybody about her attacker and the abuse continued . She said : ` When I was nine , he forced me to dress up in mum 's underwear , then he made me watch sick porn films . ` I did n't know any different so I accepted it as normal . ' But that all changed when aged 10 , Kim saw a television programme about sexual abuse . She said : ` I could n't believe what I was seeing . I realised my dad was abusing me . ` Next time he tried to touch me I was in tears and pushed him away . Although he was angry , I stood my ground . Part of me wanted to tell mum , but I did n't want to hurt her . ' But weeks later , her mother sat her down with some news that would come as a welcome relief . ` She told me that her and my stepdad were splitting up . Finally , I could escape him . ' However to Kim 's horror her mother wanted to keep Derek around as a father figure . For her 12th birthday , he took her out for a celebratory dinner . But he pounced when they were alone at his house afterwards and performed a sex act on her . She said : ` My feet were kicking as hard as I could but I was n't strong enough to push him away . ` A look of anger spread across his face as he tried to hold me down . ` After , I felt disgusting . That was the last time he abused me . Afterwards he moved away with a new partner . ' Ahead of the wedding Kim reported the abuse to the police where it was revealed Derek had abused other girls . Although she had finally escaped her attacker Kim was still living with the effects of the abuse . She said : ` I 'd become so withdrawn , and jumped whenever anyone brushed past and touched me . ' Although Kim met a man aged 18 and had a daughter at 23 , the relationship did not work out . She found it difficult to trust and stayed away from the dating scene until a friend set her up with Rob . She says that right from the start Rob offered her huge support and she found him trustworthy . ` I was n't sure and it was the first proper date I 'd had since having my little girl . ` He talked about his sister , who 's also a single mum and how difficult she 's found it . ` From the very beginning , Rob was so understanding . ' Kim and her daughter moved in with Rob after six months and just weeks later in August 2010 he proposed . Kim said she was able to seek justice after confessing all to Rob . Pictured on their wedding day . Kim has began to visit counselling sessions and says she is beginning to move on . The couple had a son in January 2012 and started planning the big day . She said ` Me and Rob shared everything , but I still did n't dare tell him what dad had done . We 'd started making plans and wanted the perfect venue . ' While searching for wedding venues , Rob asked her if she had been abused as a child . The question came as a huge shock to Kim . She said : ` I broke down in tears . I did n't know how he could guess . ` He said that I was different to other women because I was withdrawn . He encouraged me to tell mum what had happened . ` And with his support the next day I called the police . ' After her brave confession Kim discovered that she was not alone and Derek had attacked a string of victims . ` I was the first victim to come forward but soon other victims spoke out and said Derek had abused them too . ' Kim has started her own blog to share her experiences and inspire others . When he was arrested , Derek denied all the offences and even claimed one of the girls had made sexual advances towards him . With the trial looming , in September 2013 Kim and Rob tied the knot . She said : ` I did n't think of Derek once . He might have destroyed my childhood , but he was n't going to ruin the best day of my life . ' In May 2014 , Derek , then 72 , of Lowestoft , Suffolk , appeared at Ipswich Crown Court where he admitted 16 counts dating from 1982 and 2004 , including eight of indecent assault and seven of indecency with a child , related to Kim and two other schoolgirls . He also admitted raping another woman . He was jailed for 21 years . In October 2014 one count of gross indecency with a child , not relating to Kim , was quashed at the Court of Appeal in London , but his sentence remained the same . Kim said : ` I went to see him sentenced . He was so pathetic and frail , he was unrecognisable . ' Judge John Holt said Derek 's victims had all suffered ` devastating ' psychological effects . He said a probation officer who interviewed Derek had assessed him as ` dangerous ' and said he had shown ` very little ' genuine remorse . Now he is behind bars , Kim says that she has been able to begin to move on . ` I 've started counselling and healing sessions with the Happiness Foundation . They 're helping me to accept it and move on . ` Rob is there with me every step of the way and I know he 's so proud . I 've also started a blog about everything I 've been through . ` I 've had so many victims of sexual abuse thank me for telling my story and showing you can put your abuser behind bars -- even years later . '