A mummified monk who is believed to have lived for 102 years has become a major tourist attraction after he was put in a crystal display case sitting in the traditional lotus position of prayer . Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in central China 's Anyang City . Now 17 years on , his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible , the People 's Daily Online reports . Macabre attraction : Buddhist monk Wu Yunqing was preserved at Lingquan Temple in Anyang . Records show that his parents died he was 15-years-old , leading him to run away to became a monk in Shanxi Yanan Qing Hua Temple . When Wu Yunqing passed away his disciples placed his body in the lotus position and sealed it inside a large porcelain vase with cement . The body was later taken out and placed beneath a crystal glass cover in the Wu Yunqing Memorial Garden at Linquan temple . Then and now : Buddhist Wu Yunqing , pictured left , looks remarkably similar 17-years after his death after he was mummified . Self-mummification was a way to preserve a person 's body after death and was practised in various areas of the world including Asia . Earlier this year , mummified remains of a man apparently meditating in the lotus position were unearthed in Mongolia with experts estimating the human relic was 200 years old . The amazing mummified remains of a man apparently meditating in the lotus position were unearthed in Mongolia . Mummified remains of a monk were also found encased in a Buddha statue dating back to the 11th or 12th Century after a CT scan and endoscopy were carried out by Drents Museum at Meander Medical Centre in the Netherlands . It led to hundreds of villagers signing a petition demanding the return of the relic which they believe was stolen in 1995 from Spring Village in eastern China 's Fujian province . The mummified remains were discovered at the end of February after he took the statue to the museum in the Netherlands to be restored . According to various Chinese media , the Dutch collector said he is willing to return the Buddha statue if it is proved to be the one stolen from Fujian . A Buddha statue -LRB- left -RRB- containing a mummified monk -LRB- right -RRB- was stolen from a village temple twenty years ago , Chinese experts believe . Zhu Guosheng , a mummification master who has preserved the bodies of dozens of monks since 1990s , told Guangzhou Daily that a large porcelain vase is the key to the success of the Buddhist tradition . ` The process can be divided into resting the body in the vase , sealing the body in the vase and opening the vase , ' said Mr Zhu . To help with the preservation , a variety of ingredients are put into the vase , such as ground lime , shredded wood , coal and sandalwood . The body is usually kept in the container for three years before being taken out . Mr Zhu said if it 's not rotten , then the deceased monk will potentially be wrapped under a layer of gold foil and turned into a statue .