Thibaut Courtois has achieved a lot in a relatively short time , but the Chelsea goalkeeper is not resting on his laurels with the Premier League title in his sights . The 22-year-old has established himself as one of the world 's best goalkeepers in recent years , impressing first for Genk , then Atletico Madrid and Jose Mourinho 's side . Courtois ' fine performances have helped bring with it collective success , with the Blues ' recent Capital One Cup triumph making this a fifth straight trophy-winning season for the goalkeeper . Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois celebrates after Cesc Fabregas handed them the lead at QPR . The Belgian keeper produced an excellent performance as Chelsea moved closer to the title at Loftus Road . Courtois helped Chelsea to the League Cup earlier in the season and now wants to win the Premier League . Chelsea sit seven points clear of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League table . 2014-2015 -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- . League Cup . 2013-2014 -LRB- Atletico Madrid -RRB- . La Liga . 2012-2013 -LRB- Atletico Madrid -RRB- . Copa del Rey , UEFA Super Cup . 2011-2012 -LRB- Atletico Madrid -RRB- . UEFA Europa League . 2010-2011 -LRB- Genk -RRB- . Belgian Pro League . The Wembley victory was good , he says , but having been substitute it would understandably be surpassed should Chelsea get over the line in the Premier League . ` Last season , I was part of a team who lost the Champions League in the last minute , so that 's something I still want to win , and to be able to play for a Premier League title every season is also a big motivation , ' Courtois told the club magazine . ` To win a European Championship or a World Cup with Belgium is another goal . ` But , it is true , when I was a young kid I dreamed of playing in finals and it 's nice to have won the Europa League and Super Cup , and won a final against Real Madrid , but hopefully I can achieve much more now . ` Every year I 've won one trophy , so it 's nice we won the one at Wembley . ` But , of course , the Premier League would be much bigger so hopefully we can add that this season . ' Courtois won La Liga , the Copa del Rey and the Europa League during his three seasons at Atletico Madrid . His first season with Chelsea in the Premier League has been a success on the whole . There have been some embarrassing moments , such as being lobbed by Charlie Adam this month . Courtois joined Chelsea in 2011 but this is his first campaign with the club , having spent the past three seasons on loan at Atletico . The Belgium international has displaced club great Petr Cech as number one and , despite a few recent slip-ups , proved his worth with a wonderful display in Sunday 's 1-0 win at QPR . ` As a goalkeeper , you might only have to make one or two saves a game - but sometimes really important ones - so , of course , it 's nice that people see it and recognise it , ' Courtois said . ` The concentration as a goalkeeper needs to be very high . We work on the focus in training and it 's good because , in big teams , one save maybe in minute 88 can be decisive , so it 's very important . '