A huge collection of designer shoes , handbags , clothes and accessories worth from £ 300 to at least £ 2,000 are set to go up for auction . The 173 lots include the Issa dress as worn by Kate Middleton for her engagement photos , and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of Carrie and Samantha in Sex And The City . The items , which are in immaculate condition , come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner , and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity . Scroll down for video . Bid time : 173 lots of designer brands worth from £ 300 to thousands are set to go up for auction on April 28 . Pictured : Blue wrap dress £ 250 -LRB- top left -RRB- , silver Giuseppe Zanotti fish bone sandals £ 450 -LRB- centre -RRB- , orange Louis Vuitton bag £ 900 -LRB- centre left -RRB- , blue Manolo Blahniks £ 625 -LRB- bottom right -RRB- , red Louis Vuitton handbag £ 1200 -LRB- bottom right -RRB- , brown Louis Vuitton handbag £ 580 -LRB- centre right -RRB- , blue check Chanel jacket £ 1720 -LRB- top right -RRB- , beige Gucci monogram bag £ 500 -LRB- centre left -RRB- . Chanel , Louis Vuitton , Prada , Gucci , Mulberry , Ferragamo and Manolo Blahnik will all go under the hammer . House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth , Dorset , will rival the likes of Harrods and Selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on April 28 . They are being sold without a reserve , which means they will go to the highest bidder on the day - so those on a budget could scoop a bargain . Some are said to be worth a few hundred pounds while others are valued at a four-figure sum . The auctioneers are expecting at least double the number of people they normally get on a sale day . There are 50 designer handbags , some of which have never been used or even removed from their protective bags , and at least 50 pairs of shoes . Snap : Bidders can raise their paddle for a sapphire Issa wrap dress -LRB- right -RRB- ; the same as the one worn by Kate Middleton during the photo shoot for her engagement to Prince William in 2010 -LRB- left -RRB- . The 30 Chanel items - bags and clothing - are expected to be the big draw for potential buyers . Bidders can also raise their paddle for a sapphire Issa wrap dress ; the same as the one worn by Kate Middleton during the photo shoot for her engagement to Prince William in 2010 . There are also flat versions of the blue Milano Blahnik Hangsi pumps that Big used to propose to Carrie in the Sex and the City movie , and which she wore at their -LRB- second -RRB- wedding . The silver fish-bone sandals as worn by Samantha in her hilarious sushi scene are also available sans heel . David Brasher , Area Manager of House & Son 's Auction organising the handbags for the auction . Same-antha : The fish-bone sandals as worn by Samantha -LRB- right -RRB- in SATC are available sans heel -LRB- left -RRB- . Ian Brasher , from House & Son Auctioneers , said : ` We are expecting a lot of interest because it 's an outstanding collection . ` You say a designer name and we 've probably got it , the big names are all there . ` The items are from a lady who collected handbags , shoes and clothes throughout her lifetime and just enjoyed buying and owning them . ' As seen before ... a flat version of the blue Milano Blahnik Hangsi pumps Carrie wore when marrying Big in Sex And The City are part of the haul . Lust-have : A pair of Chanel shoes in black suede and red leather with camellia flower decoration . ` They have been purchased from stores such as Harrods , and some were bought abroad in New York . Blue wrap dress - £ 250 . Giuseppe Zanotti fish bone sandals - £ 450 . Orange Louis Vuitton bag - £ 900 . Blue Manolo Blahniks - £ 625 . Red Louis Vuitton handbag - £ 1200 . Brown Louis Vuitton handbag - £ 580 . Blue check Chanel jacket - £ 1720 . Beige Gucci monogram bag - £ 500 . ` Some of them come with their receipts - which show that they were purchased for £ 2,000 - and are still in the bags they came in . ` There 's 50 handbags and the condition is outstanding . It looks like some of them were bought and never used . ` We 've got items ranging from £ 300 into the thousands . ` The owner would buy a bag in a particular colour when it came out and then buy it in another colour a month or so later , or buy matching Jimmy Choos . ` There 's probably in excess of 50 pairs of shoes , and they are in immaculate condition too , hardly worn . ` Then we 've got about 20 lots of designer clothing and the rest is accessories . Bag it : A Gucci cream monogrammed canvas and leather tote bag , comes complete with dust bag . Up for grabs : Louis Vuitton monogram canvas Speedy 30 , and a lady 's Ferragamo jungle print handbag . ` This is never going to come up again . It 's a true one-off and a privilege to be asked to hold the auction . ` I think it 's quite unusual for things like this to go without a reserve , but because the proceeds are going to charity , everything has to be sold , so will go to the highest bidder on the day . ` It 's such a genuine sale , it 's not a sale that has been put together , the items are being sold for a reason . And it 's a chance for people to get something in immaculate order . ` We 're expecting in excess of 100 people on the day . We 've got a reasonable-sized premises so we will cope fine with the extra , but we normally only have about 50 people at a sale . ' The auction takes place on April 28 and the items will be available to view the day before . Other items for sale include ... A pair of Jimmy Choo Couture calf length brown leather boots together with matching handbag , together with dust bags -LRB- no size -RRB- -LRB- left -RRB- and a pair of Chanel black leather ankle boots complete with box and shoe bag -LRB- size 36 -RRB- -LRB- right -RRB- . Three pairs of Christian Dior patent court shoes , boxed -LRB- size 35 -RRB- -LRB- left -RRB- and five pairs of Chanel pumps complete with shoe bags and boxes -LRB- sizes 34 , 35 and 35 1/2 -RRB- -LRB- right -RRB- . A pair of Jimmy Choo nude patent shoes -LRB- left -RRB- and a pair of lady 's Gucci black monogram design wellington boots , shoe bags -LRB- size 35 -RRB- . A Ralph Lauren brown leather belted jacket -LRB- size 10 -RRB- -LRB- left -RRB- and a lady 's Mulberry Bayswater handbag in brown leather complete with dust bag -LRB- right -RRB- . A Chanel black bead necklace and a pair of matching earrings , boxed -LRB- left -RRB- and a Chanel simulated pearl necklace in original box with dust bag and a pair of matching earrings , boxed -LRB- right -RRB- .