Prague 's international airport has been forced to hire porters to carry passengers ' luggage up 32 stairs because a multi-million pound construction project did n't budget for an escalator . A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital -- transporting travellers closer to the airport than ever before -- but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses does n't have a moving staircase . That means porters are left to carry travellers ' heavy bags up and down the steep stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station , in north-west Prague , from 5 am to 10 pm every day , free of charge . Scroll down for video . Porters are carrying passengers ' luggage up and down the stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station every day . The construction project did n't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal . One of the porters , Radek Mojzis , a 23-year-old student at Prague 's School of Economics , told the Associated Press that he applied for the job because he wants ` to stay fit and help the elderly . ' Without a direct train connection , the No 119 bus takes passengers on the final five miles between Vaclav Havel Airport and the nearest metro station . More than three million airport customers use the bus every year , choosing not to go by car or risk being ripped off by one of Prague 's notorious cab drivers . The 20billion koruna -LRB- £ 527million , $ 787million -RRB- metro extension , planned by the Prague Public Transport Company , was supposed to transform Nadrazi Veleslavin station into a transport hub for the airport , with passengers transferring to trains , not buses . Travellers can use a lift , but they are forced to cross a busy road to access the bus terminal . But the project is unfinished and the escalator that was constructed connects with an unbuilt train station . Michal Rehorek , a spokesman for the airport , told MailOnline Travel that the public transit authority is responsible for building a new escalator . He said the airport is in talks with transit officials and a private company regarding the refurbishment of buses that stop at the airport and better signage at the metro station . He added : ` Costs for -LSB- porters -RSB- are in tens of thousands of Czech crowns per month but for Prague Airport it is primarily an investment into the comfort and quality of service rather than cost only . ' Jiri Stabl , a spokesman for the Prague Public Transport Company , told AP that the train project is delayed and ` it became impossible ' to change the original plan to include an escalator for those transferring from the metro station to the bus terminal . He added : ` We do n't feel it is a mistake of the transport company . ' An escalator was built for airport customers but it connects the metro station and an unbuilt train station . The new extension allows passengers to travel between central Prague and the airport in 30 minutes , including the bus ride . Officials are now considering adding an escalator while it remains unclear when the train project will be completed . Travellers can use a lift located at another part of the metro station , but it is not a seamless transfer . Once they arrive on the surface they are forced to cross a busy road to enter the bus terminal .