Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is confident it will take just ` five minutes ' to put the finishing touches to a contract extension once he is fully fit and back in the squad . The 33-year-old Spaniard is set to miss Saturday 's FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley as he recovers from a minor ankle problem picked up on his return to action with the Under 21s following a calf injury which sidelined him since the end of November . Manager Arsene Wenger is keen to retain the services of Arteta , who is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension . Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is confident it will take just ` five minutes ' to finish a contract extension off . Arteta will miss Saturday 's FA Cup semi-final against Reading as he recovers from a minor ankle problem . In Arteta 's absence , the Gunners have moved up into the top two of the Barclays Premier League with a run of eight successive victories . The former Rangers and Everton man is determined to first get himself fully match fit and then sort out the formalities of a new deal . ` My only aim is to get back fit and try to perform on the pitch . As long as I do that I am sure that I will continue with this club , with the relationship I have with the club and the respect I have from everybody here , ' said Arteta , who signed on transfer deadline day in August 2011 . ` If I do n't do that then I am not going to be here because I do n't want to be somewhere where I can not perform at my best and give what I think I can give . ` In May , when everything is fine , we will sit down and talk and it will take five minutes . ' Arteta is set to step up his rehabilitation next week , and could be back in contention for the showdown against Chelsea on April 26 . ` I am not far . I have done five or six sessions with the first team and I am feeling good , ' he said . Arteta has missed much of the season but his team-mates have racked up a run of eight successive victories . A calf injury which sidelined him since the end of November has been followed up with a minor ankle issue . ` I do n't feel I am ready to start , but I 'm almost there . It has been a long process , I do n't want to rush it . ` I made a mistake at the end of the rehab -LRB- from my groin problem -RRB- , but I think I will be back soon . ' Arteta admits it has been tough watching from the sidelines . ` It is obviously very frustrating when you can not perform , when you can not be out there , training or any of the basics to contribute to the team on the pitch - it makes it really hard , ' he said . Manager Arsene Wenger has helped pull Arsenal up into second place without the services of his captain . ` It is part of the job and we have all been there . ` This season we have probably had more injuries than ever , so sometimes you learn other things when you are out . ` It has been frustrating and I am trying my best to get back to the level I want to be at . ` Whenever it comes , I will take it . ' Arteta believes Arsenal can sustain their challenge for the title as Wenger looks win win the Premier League . Arteta believes Arsenal can sustain their challenge . ` We have got the best squad since I have been here , for sure the best squad in numbers and quality , ' he said . ` We are in a really strong position now compared to where we were in November . ` Three months ago , to be in the top four was an achievement and now it is not good enough . ` In the next two weeks we can determine where we are and what we can do from then on . ' Cesc Fabregas and Chelsea lead the table but the Gunners will hope for a slip-up and their first tile since 2004 .