A former special education high school teacher who admitted to having sex with five underage male students has been sentenced to three years in state prison . Summer Michelle Hansen , 32 , of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts which included seven counts of oral copulation of a minor , six counts of statutory rape and three counts of distributing pornographic material to a child , according to NBC . The mother of three was told during the sentencing on Friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life . Parents of the victims were upset that Hansen 's plea agreement was approved , which was made directly to Riverside County Superior Court Judge Becky Dugan . If she had been convicted at trial , Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison . Scroll down for video . Summer Michelle Hansen -LRB- above in court during her sentencing on Friday -RRB- , 32 , was sentenced on Friday to three years in state prison and must also register as a sex offender for life . Parents of the victims were disappointed that the judge approved Hansen 's plea agreement , as she could have faced 13 years in prison if convicted at trial . Hansen entered a guilty plea in February to the 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students . Judge Dugan said she took into consideration factors such as the former teacher 's admittance of guilt and lack of prior criminal history when deciding on an appropriate sentence . In court on Friday , the judge told Hansen : ` You 're a mother yourself . It 's beyond me to understand your behavior . ' Deputy District Attorney Kimberly Williams said that her office opposed the length of the sentence proposed by the judge but that she was happy to see Hansen take responsibility for her actions , according to the Press Enterprise . Hansen made an emotional plea to the victims ' families while in court saying she prayed for them every night and that she was ` heartbroken ' , according to KTLA . ` I 'm not a monster . I made bad choices in life and for that I 'm truly , truly sorry , ' Hansen said through tears . The ex-teacher came under investigation two years ago after a former student at Centennial High School came forward to say he had sex with Hansen , and she was arrested in June 2013 . Prosecutors said the crimes took place in her classroom , a school utility room , her car and at one victim 's home between May 2012 and 2013 , according to KTLA . It is not believed that the students were taught by her at the time but all were under the age of 18 . Hansen , -LRB- left and right -RRB- was a special education instructor at Centennial High School . She was officially terminated on Friday by the Corona-Norco Unified School District . In court Hansen made an emotional plea to the victims ' parents and said : ` I 'm not a monster . I made bad choices in life and for that I 'm truly , truly sorry ' Court documents revealed that the sex related acts included Hansen having oral sex with a student who was in her classroom for Saturday school , sending students texts with pictures of herself naked , and having sex with two students while on campus , according to NBC . On Friday , one of the victim 's mother referred to Hansen as a ` predator ' in court and said she ` stalked my child in the sanctuary of a school ' . The mother also said she was disappointed in the judicial system that gave Hansen a ` ridiculously low offer ' . One of the victims ' mothers said she was disappointed with the ` ridiculously low offer ' given during the sentencing to Hansen -LRB- above pictured in court last May -RRB- . Hansen was under investigation after a student came forward and said he had sex with her . She was arrested in June 2013 and prosecutors said the crimes occurred between 2012 and 2013 . Another parent said the three-year sentence was ` a slap in the face ' for the victims . Hansen was was placed on administrative leave following her arrest while officials tried to determine how many students she had sex with , and she was officially terminated on Friday by the Corona-Norco Unified School District . Parents at the school were stunned by the arrest two years ago . ` It surprises me that any 31-year-old adult , married woman is having sex with a child , teacher or otherwise , ' said parent Angela Thompson at the time . Staff at Centennial High School -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Corona notified police to Hansen 's alleged inappropriate relationships .