A luxury Knightsbridge flat which is brushed with a touch of Hollywood glamour has gone on the rental market - for more than half a million pounds per year . The spacious five bedroom home , based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years , offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms , five bathrooms , a study and kitchen/breakfast room . Entered through a long entrance hall , it has a grand double-sized reception room , private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building . There are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes . Scroll down for video . This is the stunning living room of the Knightsbridge flat which is based in the same building as the former home of screen goddess Ava Gardner . The luxurious bedroom , decorated in purple and neutral colours , is one of five at the flat which also boasts a private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building . The high-end flat which is brushed with a touch of Hollywood glamour features a bathroom with marble topped sinks and bath . The gleaming white modern kitchen at the property which is based in Ennismore Gardens , London where Gardner , who famously starred in The Killers , The Barefoot Contessa , 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana , lived until her death in 1990 . It is based in the high-end Ennismore Gardens , London where Gardner , who famously starred in The Killers , The Barefoot Contessa , 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana , lived from 1968 - after her three failed marriages , to Mickey Rooney , Artie Shaw and Frank Sinatra - until her death in 1990 . Homes along Ennismore Gardens have a long history , built in 1870 as part of the redevelopment of Kingston House , a Palladian mansion dating back to the 18th Century , belonging to Elizabeth Chudleigh , Duchess of Kingston . The mansion and its estate was later sold to William Hare , Baron of Ennismore , in 1837 , but was sold off for development following his death , with the street and private gardens named to commemorate him . Once completed the five-storey homes along Ennismore Gardens , designed with Porticos and Corinthian Columns , commanded a premium of £ 17,000 per year . The pin-up girl of her era , Ava Gardner -LRB- right -RRB- was listed 25th among the American Film Institute 's Greatest Female Stars in the 1950s with high-profile marriages to Mickey Rooney and Frank Sinatra -LRB- pictured with Ava , left -RRB- . Gardner , pictured at her Knightsbridge flat in the same building was once quoted as saying ` I love the history and grandeur of my little London retreat , some say it is too big for me alone , but I love the space ' Once described as ` the most irresistible woman in Hollywood ' , Ava Gardner became one of the pin-up girls in the 1950s . High-profile roles in in films such as the Hucksters -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , Show Boat -LRB- 1951 -RRB- and The Night of the Iguana -LRB- 1964 -RRB- catapulted her into the limelight . But her off-screen life was often as dramatic as the roles she played , with marriages to Mickey Rooney , Artie Shaw and Frank Sinatra . She was said to have been the only woman who could ever tame the notorious playboy Sinatra . After they met he told Ava : ` All my life , being a singer was the most important thing in the world . Now you 're all I want . ' The pair married in 1951 but it was tumultuous . Ava was a diva with a soul whose turbulence equalled his own . Both harboured profound feelings of worthlessness , which expressed themselves in volcanic furies . ` We were high-strung people , ' she said . ` Possessive , jealous and liable to explode fast . When I lose my temper , you ca n't find it any place . He 's the same . ' Like him , she was infinitely restless and easily bored . In both , this tendency could lead to casual cruelty to others -- and to each other . They quarrelled constantly . Friends whose house the lovers met in recalled how Ava would scream at Frank and he would slam the door and storm downstairs . Eventually the couple split in 1957 . She later moved to London where she was to pass away on January 25 , 1990 , at age 67 . She is listed 25th among the American Film Institute 's Greatest Female Stars . The property offers triple aspect views with private gardens at the front and rear of the building , and access to the large private garden square on Ennismore Gardens . Mark Tunstall , Managing Director of Tunstall Property , said : ` This property is just steeped in history . It is in a quiet yet well-connected pocket of prime central London and with five bedrooms provides space for all the family . ` The location is hard to beat , with Hyde Park and Harrods on the doorstep , as well as the Royal Albert Hall and museums and bistros of South Kensington a short stroll away . This home meets every requirement , providing ; space , amenities and location . ' The flat is now available to rent through Tunstall Property at £ 10,500 a week - or £ 546,000 a year . The spacious home at 34 Ennismore Gardens is now available to rent through Tunstall Property at £ 10,500 a week - or £ 546,000 a year . It provides 3,054 sq. ft. of luxurious accommodation with two reception rooms , five bathrooms , a study and kitchen/breakfast room . The homes along Ennismore Gardens have a long history , built in 1870 as part of the redevelopment of Kingston House , a Palladian mansion dating back to the 18th Century , belonging to Elizabeth Chudleigh , Duchess of Kingston . The plushly decorated flat is in prime location , based within minutes of Hyde Park and Harrods as well as the Royal Albert Hall .