Manny Pacquiao took time out of his busy schedule to hang out with Saved by the Bell actor Mario Lopez , otherwise known as AC Slater , and NBA superstar Jeremy Lin . Pacquiao said of meeting Los Angeles Lakers guard Lin : ` Thank you @JLin7 for coming to show your support . Thank for showing your love for the Lord and being a good example . ' The Filipino appears to be in fine fettle ahead of his highly-anticipated showdown against Floyd Mayweather with Pacquiao taking to social media to show off his ripped physique . Manny Pacquiao poses for a picture with NBA superstar Jeremy Lin and Saved by the Bell actor Mario Lopez . Pacquiao took to Instagram to show off his ripped torso ahead of his fight against Floyd Mayweather . Welterweight boxer Pacquiao is all smiles after meeting up with Los Angeles Lakers star Lin . The 36-year-old posted an Instagram snap of himself tensing his upper torso while posing in a boxing ring . Pacquiao said on Twitter : ` Only 18 more days until the blessed event . See you in Las Vegas ! #TeamPacquiao #MayPac . ' Mayweather 's upcoming opponent has been stepping up his training programme in LA with the welterweight boxer recently pictured jogging around Griffith Park . Pacquiao trains inside the ring as he steps up his training programme ahead of the Las Vegas bout on May 2 . Pacquiao poses up , surrounded by boxes full of Butterfinger Cups - an American biscuit brand . Meanwhile , Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing and will have just one more fight after his bout with Pacquiao . Mayweather , speaking to Sportsmail 's Jeff Powell during a media workout at his gym , said : ` I 'm pretty much done with all this . ` It 's not fun like it was back then . It 's business now . I do n't really enjoy it any longer . ' Mayweather works out with his trainers as the media swarm around the ring to get a glimpse of the superstar . Mayweather hits a speed bag as he works out in front of a poster of Pacquiao with his eyes and mouth taped .