It 's one of the most boring kitchen jobs ; prepping a mound of potatoes for mash . But this ingenious method eliminates all dinner preparation stress when you 've got a pile to peel . YouTuber Dave Hax 's clever spud solution does away with peelers , and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work . The innovative Mr Hax , whose YouTube channel demonstrates various life hacks , devised the simple kitchen method which results in perfectly peeled potatoes . Start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade carefully around the middle of the potato , he advises in the video . Do this to all the potatoes you 're planning to use , running the blade just through the skin without letting it cut through the potato flesh . ` Try to get the line to meet up on the other side , ' he says . Once all your spuds have been prepared put them in a pan on the hob and add some boiling water from a kettle . YouTuber Dave Hax 's ingenious new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler . The process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife carefully around the middle of the potato , without letting it cut through , making sure to get the line to meet on the other side . Leave the potatoes to cook . When they 're ready , drain the water into another pan , leaving the potatoes in the first one . ` Run some cold water over your potatoes until they are cool enough to pick up . ' he instructs . The cut mark should now be visible all the way around the potato . The next step is to simply use your fingers to gently pull the skin off the cooked potato . Turn the spud around and do the same on the other side ... and hey presto , you 'll have a perfectly peeled potato . Chefs then need to boil the spuds -LRB- left -RRB- for as long as needed and let them drain before running under cold water -LRB- right -RRB- . The swift method of skin removal means the potatoes remain warm under their skins . ` But if you want them warmer , simply pop them back into the water they were boiled it for a quick reheat , ' he advises . The video , which was uploaded only five days ago on 10 April has already received more than 1.5 m views . Finally skin the spud using fingers to pinch the skin off the potato - hey presto , perfectly peeled potatoes !