Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season . The final of the European Challenge Cup is now tantalisingly within reach for Alan Solomons ' side after their heroic quarter-final triumph over London Irish . Only Newport Gwent Dragons stand in their way in what will be a tough semi-final at BT Murrayfield in a fortnight . Should the Scots prevail , they will head for Twickenham Stoop - home of Harlequins for whom winger Visser signed a two-year deal this month . Tim Visser was a key player in Edinburgh 's dramatic win over London Irish at the Madejski Stadium . ` The Stoop is going to be my future home ground and it would be great to get to know it by playing a final there , ' he said . ` For that to be one of my final games for Edinburgh and to pick up silverware would make things pretty special , really emotional and a great end to my time at the club . ` Helping Edinburgh bring the first major trophy back home would be the perfect way to give back something to the club , to repay them for all they have done through the years , all the good friends I have made , all the good memories . ' Scotland cap Visser was one of Edinburgh 's key men in the dramatic win at the Madejski Stadium . He played a crucial role in a mighty rearguard action when he joined the scrum as a flanker following the sin-binning of prop John Andress . VIsser is hopeful he can end his Edinburgh career at the ground he will call home from next season . And it is the strength of character shown in those closing minutes that has convinced him the season will end with silverware and a top-six spot in the Pro12 . ` That was an unbelievable win and you ca n't under-estimate its significance , ' he said . ` I was at the scrum in the end and the way Dicko -LRB- Alasdair Dickinson -RRB- held up their player when he went over the line in that final minute showed the desire we had to come away with a win . ` The way we defended in those final moments shows the fight of the boys to get underneath the ball at the end and keep them out . Edinburgh will have to see off Newport Gwent Dragons if they are to reach the final at the Stoop . ` The Edinburgh of old would have probably let that through and we would have lost . ` We work hard for each other . That is exactly what you saw at the end of the game . Our aim is to finish in the top six and to lift the European Challenge Cup . Both are definitely on . '