Expectant mom AmberMarie Irving-Elkins felt a few contractions on Thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby . But the little boy , Malachi , had other ideas . She was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she 'd make it to hospital in time . ` I had that contraction that hit me and brought me to knees , ' the mom-of-three told KTLA . Scroll down for video . Surprise : Baby Malachi Elkins was born in the hallways in a Los Angeles courthouse on Thursday morning as his mother , AmberMarie Irving-Elkins , was there to pay a fine . The baby boy was healthy . Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department who were inside the courthouse . Deputy Marquette Oliver ran over to assist her . ` She was like , ` I 'm having the baby right now ' , ' Oliver recalled . ` I was like , `` Hold on ! Hold on ! '' ' But there was no stopping baby Malachi . ` I had to push , ' Irving-Elkins said , describing how she laid on the floor . ` That 's when Sheriff Oliver said , `` Do n't push , do n't push ! '' and I said , `` Oh , I 've got to push '' . ' Relief : AmberMarie Irving-Elkins laughs about the birth while in hospital with her healthy newborn son . Helping hand : Deputy Marquette Oliver was in the courthouse and told her to stop pushing - but she could not . At the ready : He shows how he bent down to catch the baby boy as he slipped onto the floor . She pulled down her trousers and the baby 's head was visible , Deputy Oliver said . So he bent down and caught the baby as he was born . ` It was all over in about five minutes , ' said Associated Press reporter Anthony McCartney , who happened to be there . ` She gave birth in the hallway , pretty much unassisted . ' It was the officers who told Irving-Elkins that she had given birth to a boy . Officers had surrounded the mother and blocked her off with cardboard boxes in a bid to give her some privacy in the busy hallways . McCartney said people started cheering when they realized a baby had been born . ` I do n't think they even realized what was going on until they saw this woman had a baby , obviously a newborn , on her chest , ' the reporter said . ` They cheered and clapped and everything . ' Doing well : Malachi 's mother said she thinks his birthplace means he might be a judge or a lawyer . Family : The mother and son were rushed to hospital , where they were met by his dad and older siblings . Scene : She was feeling contractions before she went into the Stanley Mosk Courthouse , pictured , but thought she had time to run some errands before heading to the hospital - but Malachi had other ideas . ` Mom & baby fine ! ' the Special Enforcement Bureau of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department tweeted Thursday , along with a photo of the healthy baby boy inside the courthouse . They were then taken to hospital , where Malachi met his dad , Nom , and two older siblings , who were grateful for the officers ' actions . ` I do want to thank them for stepping in and stealing my shine , ' Nom joked with KABC . ` No . Thank you . I 'm glad he 's here . He 's healthy . We 're happy . Everything 's good . ' Irving-Elkins said her son 's birthplace means he may now be a judge , lawyer or sheriff 's deputy . See below for video .