Rotor Volgograd , one of Russia 's leading clubs in the 1990s and who famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup 20 years ago , have been wound up after going bankrupt . The team from the Volga region of Russia were competing in the second division in the southern zone , which is effectively Russian football 's third tier . Volgograd is one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 World Cup although Rotor did not play at the Victory Arena which will have a capacity of 45,000 spectators . Rotor Volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt - picture shows the Russian outfit take on David Beckham -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his then Manchester United team-mates in 1995 . Rotor Volgograd celebrate after their surprise UEFA Cup triumph against Manchester United in 1995 . Sir Alex Ferguson checks his watch during Man United 's defeat on away goals against Rotor Volgograd . A Manchester United side containing the likes of David Beckham , Paul Scholes and Roy Keane were eliminated from the first round of the UEFA Cup in 1995 . Manchester United drew 0-0 with Rotor in Russia before their elimination from Europe 's second tier competition on away goals . The English side crashed out of Europe despite Paul Scholes and Peter Schmeichel 's goals at Old Trafford . ` The Volgograd Region 's administration have signed an official document concerning the bankruptcy of Rotor , ' the club 's website stated -LRB- www.rotor-fc.com -RRB- . In April a ` new ' amateur club , which will also be known as Rotor Volgograd , will take part in the Russian third division . ` Over time , the Volgograd Region 's administration plan to turn Rotor Volgograd into a legally binding structure , which will allow them to compete at a professional level , ' the club added . Rotor , founded in 1929 , finished runners-up in the Russian Premier League in 1993 and 1997 . In September 1995 they knocked a United side containing the likes of David Beckham , Paul Scholes and Roy Keane , out of the UEFA Cup at the first round stage . After a 0-0 draw in Russia , Rotor drew 2-2 at Old Trafford to go through on away goals . In 2005 Rotor lost their professional status but were reformed a year later and have since been competing in the lower divisions . Ex-Red Devils goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel scored in Manchester United 's 2-2 draw with Rotor Volgograd .