Premier League clubs looking for players at Barcelona and Real Madrid this summer will find a team 's worth . Bara want limited departures from the first team this summer because they ca n't sign players until January but they also want to blood young players from their B-team out on loan at higher leagues because their second string is likely to be playing third division football . At Real Madrid the need for a clear-out could make the exodus bigger than in most other seasons and boy wonder Martin Odegaard will need a loan club . Sportsmail look at 10 potential Clasico exports . Martin Odegaard -LRB- right -RRB- is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid to gain experience next season . PEDRO . He will probably stay for another year but there will be no shortage of suitors for the 27-year-old if he does decide he 's had enough . Much may depend on the part he plays in the end of the season at the Camp Nou as Luis Suarez 's arrival has seen his opportunities restricted this year . Pedro could be on his way out of Barcelona after falling down the pecking order since Luis Suarez 's arrival . If Real Madrid step up their interest in David de Gea , it could mark the end of Iker Casillas 's time at the club . IKER CASILLAS . Iker Casillas does n't want to leave but if Real Madrid sign David de Gea he may be more tempted . Arsenal have been interested in the past and London would suit the Spain international . MARTIN MONTOYA . Martin Montoya played in midweek against PSG because Dani Alves was suspended but there is little faith in his ability to be the Brazilian 's long-term successor . Liverpool have looked at the defender before . Not for nothing was he called up to the Spain squad aged 19 . At the right club the 24-year-old would thrive . Martin Montoya is not considered to be the long-term replacement for Dani Alves at Barcelona . FABIO COENTRAO . Fabio Coentrao remains one of the biggest mysteries of Real Madrid 's transfer policy in recent years . Jose Mourinho requested the player in his second season at the club and he was brought in for £ 22million . He has played less than 40 percent of possible minutes and will be sold in the summer . Inexplicably , he always looks a good player for Portugal and his ability to play left back or left midfield is an added plus . Fabio Coentrao -LRB- right -RRB- has struggled to impress at Madrid and could be offloaded in the summer . Munir El Haddadi -LRB- left -RRB- could be loaned out next season with attacking opportunities limited at the Nou Camp . MUNIR EL HADDADI . Another already called up by Spain because Vicente del Bosque did not want to lose him to Morocco . The 19-year-old was brilliant for Barcelona earlier in the season , often starting ahead of Pedro as everyone waited for Suarez 's return . He was impressive but now Barça are at full strength and he could be loaned out . ASIER ILLARRAMENDI . Asier Illaramendi , 25 , is beyond the point of being able to grow as a player with the occasional first team start . He is another in the same ` strange signing ' bracket as Coentrao . The midfielder cost £ 27million from Real Sociedad two years ago and has never looked good enough to play for Madrid . Liverpool have looked at him but Real Sociedad are keen to take him back . Asier Illarramendi has had his progress hindered by a lack of starting opportunities at Real Madrid . Somewhere between the two he will find his level . JESE . Jese can play anywhere across the front and looked like being the late entry in Vicente del Bosque 's Spain squad last season until he tore his cruciate ligament . It 's been a long way back and as ever at Madrid holding down a first team place in the forward line is next to impossible . Jese will only be sent on loan to gain experience as Madrid see him as a first team regular one day . Jese -LRB- left -RRB- has endured a long recovery from injury after tearing his cruciate ligament last year . Real will only loan him , because they do see the 22-year-old graduating to the first team one day . A season 's experience in England would work wonders . SERGI SAMPER . Spurs were keen on 20-year-old Sergi Samper when Andre Villas-Boas was at the club . Barça believe he will be the long-term successor to Sergio Busquets . The problem for Samper is that Busquets has years ahead of him . Midfielder Sergi Samper -LRB- left -RRB- has been earmarked as Barcelona 's next Sergio Busquets . A loan will be sought if Barça B are relegated but Luis Enrique might also consider making Samper a first-team player next season . SAMI KHEDIRA . Are you still here ? The 28-year-old German hardly played last season because of injury and this season has been no different thanks to a lack of form and many at Madrid would say , application . Germany midfielder Sami Khedira -LRB- left -RRB- is expected to depart Madrid after a minor role at the club this year . Khedira -LRB- right -RRB- pictured in action against Schalke , the club that could be his next destination . Schalke are the favourites to sign him . Arsenal have looked before but huge wages are a major hurdle . MARTIN ODEGAARD . He has brought nothing but bad luck to Real Madrid 's B-team ` Castilla ' and it 's no surprise team-mates would prefer he did n't play , such is the team 's improved form when he is off the pitch . The 16-year-old Odegaard has struggled to fit in the Real Madrid B-team and may depart on loan next season . That 's more a reflection of how he has n't fitted in than any problems with his ability . The 16-year-old prodigy will go out on loan next season but English suitors will find it tough to persuade Madrid that the loan club should not be a La Liga side .