A digital art student has used Photoshop to show what her body might look like if she could mold it like modelling clay on a whim . Kelsey Higley , who studies art media at the University of Oklahoma in Norman , created a fascinating self-portrait of her body , showing what it would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes considered beautiful . The 22-year-old 's work , which is part of a project and has been published on video-sharing site Vimeo , shows just how different her frame might look if she had , for example , an hour-glass figure , or larger boobs . Scroll down for video . Before the process : Oklahoma University student Kelsey Higley , pictured above in her natural form , made a video entitled ` Manipulation ' which showed her body digitally altered according to beauty trends . At its most extreme , Kelsey 's body has a tiny waist , large breasts and large eyes . The project , entitled ` Manipulation ' used 126 different images resulting in a video that was published on Vimeo . She even digitally alters her face , making her eyes appear much bigger than they are . The artist set her camera on a timer to take a photograph every seven seconds and posed as if she ` wanted to look like someone else ' . The resulting video , entitled ` Manipulated ' , plays in a non-stop loop for over a minute and sees her proportions morphing into different shapes , often cartoon , highlighting the constantly changing beauty ideals that women face . Bigger boobs , smaller waist : Art Media student Kelsey made her body pliable by using photoshop to show what she 'd look like with different proportions . The student artist browsed through hundreds of images of what might be considered beautiful and even changed the proportions of her eyes , seen as normal , left , and much bigger , right . Kelsey , who graduates in May , says that after spending ` countless hours ' browsing magazines for body trends , she combined ' 126 digitally manipulated photos that create the illusion that I am molding my body like modeling clay . ' She told entertainment and lifestyle website Hello Giggles : ` Being a young woman , I have had many battles with this idea of beauty . ` I 'll go through stages where all I want in life is to be super fit with rock hard abs and big boobs , then after a while I 'll flip to the other side and tell myself that I should love and embrace the body I have . This time Kelsey experiments with a nipped-in waist and small breasts . The artist took a different image every seven seconds to capture the video . Fantasy proportions : With big eyes and large breasts in one shot -LRB- left -RRB- ... Kelsey then slims down her frame to be much more slender -LRB- right -RRB- . ` But as soon as I start scrolling through the Internet , my mind is flooded with images of this impossible , `` ideal '' beauty . ' She goes on to explain that ` the video goes through several stages of `` beauty '' as I receive conflicting opinions on what true beauty is . As I go back and forth , I end on my natural body and the video starts over . ' The aim of the project , which has garnered an art award , she adds , is to illustrate ` the effects media and public opinions have on the way we look at ourselves . ' ` I have chosen to use myself in this short to show my own inner conflict with beauty as I battle with the desire to look like someone else and the acceptance of my natural beauty . ' The artist described the project as ` therapeutic ' and said that it helped her to realise that her flaws are what make her human . Her next project will look at women in the workplace and includes a scold 's bridle , a 1500s device used to punish nagging women .