When Melbourne mother-of-two , Kady Marsh , took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular Sydney hotel , the last thing she expected was to be told to put her breast away . It was a sunny Saturday afternoon at the Manly Wharf Hotel . Kady was in town for her best friend 's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family . When she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel 's lounge area with baby Isla , she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she could n't breastfeed because the area was for ` over 18s only . ' ` A young manager came over , pointed to a sign above me and said : `` Ca n't you see it says over 18s only ? '' ' Kady told Daily Mail Australia . ` At first I thought he meant he wanted to see my ID - that he thought I was n't 18 - then I realised he was referring to Isla . ' Scroll down for video . Kady Marsh with husband Euan , baby Isla -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and her older daughter Ava enjoying lunch at a hotel in Melbourne . ` I said : `` Oh no , she 's only seven-weeks-old , she 's just a tiny baby , that 's ridiculous . '' ` He said we could n't be there and told me to use the disabled toilet if I wanted to breastfeed in the hotel . ' Kady went back to where her friends were seated in the main bar , ` feeling a bit embarrassed ' . ` I was n't worried about breastfeeding in the main bar - and I would have done - it 's just that I physically could n't manage it on the stools in there and I could n't find anywhere else to sit , ' Kady says . ` My husband Euan went to speak with management to ask what we were supposed to do , and it was then that we were told to use `` the baby room '' - a disabled toilet with a change table . ' Kady was asked to move from the lounge area of the hotel because it was an area restricted to over 18s . Justin Tynan , general manager and licencee of the Manly Wharf Hotel , says the particular area of the bar where Kady was breastfeeding is the only area that is restricted to adults , apart from the gaming room . He says his hotel welcomes women who want to breastfeed elsewhere in the venue and that the incident sounds like it was a miscommunication . ` It 's ludicrous to suggest that we would n't allow breastfeeding in the hotel , ' Mr Tynan told Daily Mail Australia , adding that his own wife regularly breastfeeds their four-month-old baby , Max , at the venue -- and elsewhere in public , often . ` We just would n't have a policy like that , ' Mr Tynan said . ` We 're a kid-friendly bar : We have children eating here seven days a week on a special kids menu , we have 30 high chairs and we have mother 's groups here every day . ' Ajita Tynan , wife of Justin Tynan , with their baby Max . Mr Tynan , General Manager of the Manly Wharf Hotel , says Ajita often breastfeeds their son at the venue and it 's ` ludicrous ' to suggest the hotel would n't allow women to do the same . In Australia , women have a right to breastfeed in public . Under the federal Sex Discrimination Act 1984 it 's illegal to discriminate against a person or deny services , directly or indirectly , on the grounds of breastfeeding . ` Breastfeeding mothers should feed their babies , in any way they feel comfortable and not feel any pressure to meet other people 's expectations of discretion , ' says Jessica Leonard of the Australian Breastfeeding Association . ` For some mums this may mean breastfeeding in public in full view , for others it might mean covering up , ' she says . ` But being directed to a public toilet is really inappropriate . Any place a woman breastfeeds has to be somewhere that is also appropriate to prepare food . A toilet is not one of those places . ' Ms Leonard says it 's important to see mothers breastfeed their babies because it normalises what is a natural and healthy thing to do . ` Mothers breastfeeding in public are helping the next generation of Australians to learn that breastfeeding is normal , ' she says . Her comments echo those of Australian supermodel Miranda Kerr recently on the ` breastfeeding in public ' issue . ` Everyone has a right to choose what they feel is best for their own baby and some people can not breastfeed and/or do not want to , ' Kerr said after posting a photo of herself breastfeeding her son Flynn to social media . ` But do n't abandon breast feeding because of any `` social '' stigma -LRB- perceived or real -RRB- that might be attached to breastfeeding in public , ' she said . ` There are more breasts being shown on a daily basis around the world in swimwear and low-cut dresses than there are from breastfeeding mums . ' ` There are more breasts being shown on a daily basis around the world in swimwear and low-cut dresses than there are from breastfeeding mums , ' Miranda Kerr said when she tweeted this photo of herself with baby Flynn . For Kady Marsh , the incident at the Wharf Hotel was just ` unnecessary ' . ` There was only one other couple sitting on the lounge area , it really was n't that busy , ' she says . ` If they had just exercised some common sense , said something like : `` Look we know it 's silly , do you mind if we just ask the other patrons if they mind , or we can find an alternative spot for you , '' it could have been solved . ' ` Instead , I was made to feel like I was doing something wrong , that I was just another hormonal breast-feeding mother being difficult , ' Kady says . ` If I was a first-time breastfeeding mum , I would have been a lot more upset . ' Kady was told by another employee of the hotel to move to some benches about a metre from the ` over 18 's ' lounge . Instead , she and her husband - who ran their own bar in Melbourne for more than three years - ended up going to a different hotel nearby . Kady says they sat down at a table and fed Isla without a sideways glance in their direction . They then went back to their friends at the Wharf . ` We 're a kid-friendly bar ' : The General Manager of the popular Manly Wharf Hotel , pictured , says the venue welcomes women who want to breastfeed elsewhere in the hotel . Jessica Leonard from the Breastfeeding Association says stories like Kady 's of women being asked to ` move on ' are uncommon . But they do still happen and can knock a women 's confidence . ` We know that about 300,000 babies are born in Australia each year and that 96 per cent of those mothers start out breastfeeding , so , the number of complaints we hear are really a drop in the ocean , ' she says . ` Sometimes the problem is just poor customer service , but really , it 's in the best interests of businesses to be supportive of women who breastfeed . ' The Australian Breastfeeding Association -LRB- ABA -RRB- supports recommendations of the World Health Organisation to breastfeed for the first two years of a child 's life , with exclusive breastfeeding until a baby is six-months-old . ` Breastfeeding is the best way to provide infants with the nutrients they need and it should be encouraged everywhere , ' Ms Leonard says . New mothers can find breastfeeding-friendly venues through the ABA 's Breastfeeding Welcome Here directory.The Association also runs a free 24-hour breastfeeding helpline for mothers .