Do n't play H-O-R-S-E with this guy ... LeBron James has been able to do just about anything he wants during his team 's first three playoff games this season and that has apparently carried over to practice as well . James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday at the TD Garden in Boston before their game against the Celtics on Sunday afternoon . During a break in the action , James decided to practice his long-range shooting . Scroll down for video . LeBron James hit a one-handed shot , which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court , on Saturday . After he wound up for the shot -LRB- left -RRB- , James flicked it overhand -LRB- right -RRB- while his teammates watched him shoot . Just before the long distance shot went through the hoop , James could be heard saying : ` Give me my money ' The NBA superstar grabbed a basketball and flicked it with relative ease at the hoop at the other end of the court . The one-handed shot , which traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court , dropped through the basket with an audible swish . Just before the full-court shot hit nothing but net , ` King James ' said : ` Give me my money ' . It 's unclear who , if anyone James bet with , but James Jones did seem as if he was trying to disrupt the former MVP 's concentration before the shot . Jones was also teammates with James when they both played for the Miami Heat . In 13 career postseason games in Boston , James is averaging about 29 points , nine rebounds , and six assists . After the video began to spread via social media , Dwight Howard of the Houston Rockets issued a response . In a clip the team posted , the center is seen swishing a one-handed shot of his own while wearing a yellow backpack . Instead of tossing the ball overhand , Howard used a motion that was one part underhand and one part sidearm to make his full-court shot find paydirt . Apparently Superman - Howard 's nickname - is just as powerful as the King . After the video began to spread via social media , Dwight Howard of the Houston Rockets issued a response . The Cavs hold a 3-0 lead in their Eastern Conference first-round playoff series against the Celtics . In 13 career postseason games at TD Garden , James is averaging about 29 points , nine rebounds , and six assists . He has missed ten of the 13 three-point shots he has taken during the first three games of the series . Perhaps that is why he may have felt the need to bet with Jones , a deadly long-range shooter , about his prowess from long distance . If James and the Cavs make it to the NBA Finals , it will be his fifth straight appearance . He has won two championships but lost to the Dallas Mavericks and San Antonio Spurs . James has missed ten of the 13 three-point shots he has taken during the first three games of the playoffs .