Andrew O'Clee , 36 , hid his secret second family from his first wife and has been jailed for eight months , pictured outside Chichester Crown Court yesterday . A bigamist was caught out when his first wife discovered his secret second marriage -- on Facebook . ` Shameless liar ' Andrew O'Clee , 36 , wed Michelle Agbulos -- and later tied the knot again with another woman . But Michelle , 39 , uncovered the deception when she came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge on the social networking site . Serial cheat O'Clee had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in a fraud case and had been put into the witness protection programme which meant he had to live in a ` safe house ' for long periods . Blinded by her belief in his honesty , Michelle allowed herself to be taken in by his elaborate lies , agreeing not to tell her family and friends what was happening . Yesterday the former soldier was jailed for eight months after a court heard about the web of ` lies and forgery ' lasting four years . O'Clee tied the knot with first wife Michelle in 2008 . But while they were trying for a baby together , he had already started his double life with a new woman . He later turned up at the birth of his daughter , Amelia , and cut the umbilical cord -- before telling his wife he had to leave with a police escort . But instead of heading to a so-called safe house , he would leave their rented flat in Ealing , West London to go back to finance manager Philippa Campbell in upmarket Chiddingfold , Surrey -- a 40-mile journey away . He started the affair with Philippa after claiming his first marriage had ended after he caught shopworker Michelle being unfaithful . He married again in August 2013 -- even forging divorce documents so his family would attend the second wedding . O'Clee 's lavish illegal nuptials took place in St John the Baptist church in Kirdford , West Sussex , before the reception at Russets Country House , near their detached £ 575,000 home . He began his affair with his second wife Philippa -LRB- right -RRB- in 2011 - while he and his first wife were trying for a baby , pictured together outside Chichester Crown Court yesterday . His first wife Michelle -LRB- pictured -RRB- revealed that he showed up late at the birth of their child and said he had to leave with police . But the deception was uncovered last August when Michelle discovered a video of him on Facebook completing the ice bucket challenge -- where people are filmed being drenched in freezing water for charity . It was captioned ` Uncle Andrew and Auntie Philippa ' . The post led her to photos of his second wedding , which she reported to police . Yesterday O'Clee was jailed after admitting bigamy at Chichester Crown Court . But second wife Philippa , 30 , has vowed to stay with him . 2000 : Andrew O'Clee met Michelle . 2008 : The pair married in West Acton in 2008 . 2011 : Couple began trying for a baby around the same time he started affair with Philippa . 2012 : O'Clee got engaged to Philippa and forged a decree absolute for his first marriage . 2013 : He married Philippa in St John the Baptist church in Kirdford , West Sussex . 2014 : Michelle and Andrew 's daughter was born . 2014 : O'Clee was arrested in September . Judge Christopher Parker , QC , told O'Clee : ` You began to develop a complicated and absurd lie . ` All of which was a complete nonsense but it enabled you to lead a double life . ` Bigamy is an offence against the institution of marriage , an institution founded on complete trust . This was simply a selfish act . ' To avoid detection , O'Clee told Michelle he had been placed in witness protection and had to live in a safe house as his life was in danger . She told the court : ` Thinking back , as I do every single minute of every single day , I had no reason not to trust Andrew . ` I was told he would have to be taken to a safe house with his colleagues for his and my own safety . ` He was taken to a safe house every night and I was n't allowed to know the location . ` I was told by him not to tell my family or friends . I became paranoid and constantly fearful for my safety . ` Looking back I feel completely stupid and naive for not thinking something was wrong . I believed my life was in danger . ' Michelle went into labour 18 months after he began his safe-house lie . The bigamist married his second wife in August 2013 , pictured is Philippa 's Facebook page with a photograph from their wedding . The bigamist has since deleted his Facebook page and removed the incriminating Ice Bucket Challenge video . But O'Clee took five hours to turn up -- and then cut the umbilical cord before saying he had to leave with police . She added : ` The day I found out about the bigamy was the day my world fell apart and the violent betrayal unfolded . Bigamy is a crime under section 57 of the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 . If someone is caught entering into another marriage whilst still being legally married and is convicted on indictment , they could face a fine or a jail term of up to seven years . A custodial sentence can be ordered when one party has been deceived and suffered injury or if the offence has been committed for money to evade immigration . ` To add insult to injury he instructed me to take a paternity test . ' Defending , Patrick Duffy said O'Clee -- who worked for business services provider ISS -- has ` abandonment issues ' because his parents split when he was 15 . He said second wife Philippa planned to continue her relationship with him and wished ` to draw a line under this and get on with her life ' . O'Clee admitted to one count of bigamy and is expected to serve half of his sentence in custody . Michelle is currently staying with her sister Jasmine Agbulus and her partner Sean in a house in Lancashire and refused to comment about her two-timing husband . She used to live in a rented flat in Ealing , West London , with O'Clee and the landlord became so suspicious of his behaviour that he hired a private investigator to check on the pair . O'Clee told Michelle he was in Witness Protection as his life was in danger and then moved into a new house in Chiddingfold , Surrey , -LRB- pictured -RRB- with Philippa . His illegal wedding to Philippa took place in St John the Baptist church in Kirdford , West Sussex , in 2013 . The owners were alerted to the fact that nobody was living in the flat when neighbours complained about a foul smell coming from the property - which turned out to be rotting food in the fridge . A spokesperson for the letting agents said : ` I 'm glad that he 's been caught out . We knew there was something strange going on . ` The fact he did n't want us speaking to his wife was very weird . ` We got in touch with Philippa and she said , ` Yes that 's my husband ' but she knew nothing about the flat . ` He called us and said , ` Do n't speak to Philippa anymore it 's a sensitive matter . ' O'Clee cleared out all their belongings , including his old army uniforms , from the flat in October last year , according to the spokesman . Neighbours living at the block of flats in Ealing said they remember Michelle , as well as her ` energetic ' husband . One neighbour said : ` Yes I heard he had multiple wives . He was always on the go and very energetic . ' Another added : ` Michelle used to live here . She would always say hi when I saw her in the street . It 's awful what he did to her . ' O'Clee and Philippa celebrated their wedding reception at Russets Country House , near their Surrey home .