A dilapidated country mansion in the Scottish Highlands that was once the secret love nest of Coco Chanel and the Earl of Grosvenor has gone on the market for £ 3million . The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings . It was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by Hugh ` Bendor ' Grosvenor , the Duke of Westminster . The main house on the Rosehall Estate near Inverness in the Scottish Highlands , which was once the secret love nest of the Duke of Westminster and Coco Chanel . The main house , pictured , has 22 rooms , which is set in 700 acres of land along with five separate out buildings that are on the market for £ 3milllion . The house has not been lived in for more than 60 years and is now in a dilapidated state , right . Its most colourful history was when it was used as a secret love nest of the Duke of Westminster and Coco Chanel , left , . The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer , with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929 . Miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate 's river , catching more than 50 salmon , according to former Prime Minister Winston Churchill , who stayed with her at the property . She redesigned the whole of the building 's interior , making the property unique in the UK and despite leaving the home 85 years ago , a number of the rooms still bear her work . One of the rooms inside the main house , which still has the remants of the hand-blocked wallpaper shipped in from France by the French designer . The French designer painstakingly decorated each room in subtle , elegant hues , much of it based on the look of her Paris apartment . A dilapidated bathroom in the main house . The estate , in the Scottish Highlands near Inverness , was originally built in 1820before being bought by the Duke . The downstairs vaults of the main house . It is on the market for £ 3million but also requires millions more to be spent on a full restoration . The French designer painstakingly decorated each room in subtle , elegant hues , much of it based on the look of her Paris apartment . She had hand-blocked wallpaper shipped in from France , and oversaw local workmen as they put together simple fireplaces . Churchill , a friend of the Duke of Westminster , stayed at the mansion in 1928 as he recuperated following an illness . In letter to his wife , Clementine , the future PM described both Chanel and the main house as ` very agreeable ' . As well as the main house on the 700 acre estate , it also comes with five outbuildings including a cottage set near to a wooded area . More of the outbuildings that come as part of the Rosehall Estate . Former Prime Minister Winston Churchill also stayed there while recuperating from illness . He wrote : ` The air is most exhilarating , keen and yet caressing . Coco got three fish yesterday . ` This morning it is raining , which is good for fishing . We all play Bezique so that the time is not burdensome . ` Coco is here in place of Violet . She fishes from morn till night , and in two months has killed 50 salmon . She is very agreeable - really a great and strong being fit to rule a man or an Empire . ` Bennie is very well and , I think , extremely happy to be mated with an equal - her ability balancing his power . We are the only three on the river , and have all the plums . ' But the years and the harsh weather has n't been kind to the estate and it has not been lived in for 60 years . Set within the 700 acre estate is a lake and an island . Churchill wrote in a letter how Miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate 's river , catching more than 50 salmon . The estate 's herb garden growing a selection of produce . The estate is regarded as one of the most expensive properties in Scotland after going on the market for £ 3million . The view across the Highlands from one of the windows of the main house . It is being marketed by Lonfon-based estate agents RE/MAX , who suggest it could be turned into a family home or luxury hotel . It now requires millions spent on a full restoration and , when ready , it could be returned to a stunning family home or converted into a luxury hotel . The estate has been put on the market with London-based RE/MAX for £ 3 million - making it one of the most expensive properties for sale in Scotland . It is thought that the Duke and Miss Chanel were introduced in 1923 when the fashion designer was 40 by British socialite Vera Bate Lombardi . The Duke is said to have lavished her with expensive gifts , extravagant jewels and costly art and even provided her with a home in London 's prestigious Mayfair . However , he is thought to have been devastated when she turned down his proposal of marriage , when she reportedly said : ` There have been several Duchesses of Westminster , there is only one Chanel . '