Israeli Jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on Thursday marking Holocaust memorial day and 70 years since the liberation of the Nazi death camps . Traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out . Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem 's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial , parliament and elsewhere . A beach-goer stands still as a two-minute siren marking Holocaust Remembrance Day is sounded in Tel Aviv . Israelis pictured standing on the Tel Aviv seashore as they observe the annual Holocaust Memorial . Youths stand still on a beach play area as a two-minute siren marking Holocaust Remembrance Day is sounded in Tel Aviv . Memorable : Israelis take photographs of a main Tel Aviv highway as all traffic comes to a standstill . Motorists stand still beside vehicles as a two-minute siren marking Holocaust Remembrance Day is sounded in Jerusalem . Israelis stand outside their vehicles on a main Tel Aviv highway as a two-minute siren wails and all traffic comes to a standstill . The annual memorial day commemorates the six million Jews killed by the Nazis during World War Two . The two-minute silence is observed by the entire country , the young and old taking a moment to reflect on the atrocities visited on Jews during the Second World War . President Reuven Rivlin -LRB- centre -RRB- and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu -LRB- left -RRB- mark Holocaust Remembrance Day in Jerusalem . Israel 's President Reuven Rivlin -LRB- centre -RRB- pauses after laying a wreath during a ceremony marking the Holocaust Remembrance Day at Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial in Jerusalem . Benjamin Netanyahu laying wreaths at the Holocaust Remembrance Day ceremony . Holocaust survivors and their relatives lay a wreath next to the names of concentration camps at the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial . The two-minute silence was an emotional experience for Israelis , with the whole country coming to a standstill for the occasion . Until sundown , radio and television stations were to broadcast programmes on the genocide and play sombre music , while places of entertainment were closed . The theme of this year 's observances - ` The Anguish of Liberation and the Return to Life : 70 Years Since the End of World War II ' - dealt with the pain of survivors and the challenge of rebuilding shattered lives . About 189,000 survivors live in Israel today but according to their welfare organisation close to 25 percent struggle financially , despite government assistance . At opening commemorations for the six million victims on Wednesday evening , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu compared arch-foe Iran to Hitler 's Germany . Israelis and soldiers attend a ceremony marking the annual Holocaust remembrance day in the Martyr 's forest near Moshav Kesalon , in central Israel . Soldiers at the Martyr 's forest near Moshav Kesalon stand during one of the country 's most sombre occasions . Six hundred young people stopped for several minutes to form a Star of David on the City Hall Square in Vilnius during the Holocaust Remembrance Day . People gather around and look at a monument in the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial complex in Jerusalem on the day that the liberation of Jews from the Nazi death camps was marked . Israeli soldiers stand at attention in front of the Yad Mordechay memorial , commemorating a battle between Israel and Egypt during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war as sirens wailed across the country marking the Holocaust memorial day . Solemn : Israelis stop walking and stand in silence in the center of Jerusalem on Thursday . The theme of this year 's observances - The Anguish of Liberation and the Return to Life : 70 Years Since the End of World War II - dealt with the pain of survivors and the challenge of rebuilding shattered lives . Pictured are people in Jerusalem observing the silence . Until sundown , radio and television stations were to broadcast programmes on the genocide and play sombre music , while places of entertainment were closed . Rabbi Avraham Firer -LRB- chairman and founder of Ezra LeMarpeh , a non-profit organization established in 1979 that provides medical assistance to the needy -RRB- lights the main beacon at the Massuah Memorial ceremony for Holocaust Remembrance Day . Moshe Eshkenazi tells Israeli border police officers the story of his grandfather Moshe Pesach , rabbi of the Jewish community in Volos during World War Two who saved more than one thousand Jews , during a ceremony marking the annual Holocaust remembrance day in the Martyr 's forest . ` As the Nazis sought to stamp out civilisation and to set the master race to rule across the earth ... while wiping out the Jewish people , so does Iran seek to control the region , spread outwards and destroy the Jewish state , ' he said . Netanyahu misses no opportunity to slam the emerging nuclear agreement between Tehran and world powers , which is to be finalised by June 30 . Israel and the West suspect Iran 's civilian nuclear programme is a front for efforts to build a military capability , a charge Tehran denies . Warning against appeasing ` tyrannical regimes , ' Netanyahu questioned whether the lessons of World War II had been fully absorbed . ` Has the world really learned from the incomprehensible universal and Jewish tragedy of the previous century ? ' he asked . ` Democratic governments made a momentous mistake before World War II and we , along with many of our neighbours , are convinced that a bitter mistake has also been made now . ' Blacksmith Michael Poitner works on a replica of the Dachau Nazi concentration camp gate with the writing `` Arbeit macht frei '' -LRB- Work Sets you Free -RRB- in Biberbach near Dachau . A German blacksmith who painstakingly rebuilt an iron gate at the Dachau concentration camp bearing the notorious ` Arbeit macht frei ' -LRB- work sets you free -RRB- slogan said on Thursday he hoped no one would notice his work was a replica . Michael Poitner said he was honoured to win the contract to reconstruct the 1.87 metre-high , 108-kg gate , which was stolen last year from the memorial site at Dachau , the first Nazi concentration camp , set up in 1933 . ` It was an imposing assignment full of history and it 'll be around a lot longer than I am , ' he told Reuters after putting the final touches to the gate ahead of a May 3 ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the camp 's liberation by U.S. troops . ` It 's as close as possible to the original with a variance at most of just a few millimetres here and there . ' Chancellor Angela Merkel , who in 2013 became the first German leader to visit Dachau , will join some 100 survivors at the ceremony . She visited the Buchenwald death camp with U.S. President Barack Obama in 2009 . The Nazis set up the camp in Dachau outside Munich only weeks after Adolf Hitler took power . Initially designed to detain political rivals , it became the prototype for a network of death camps where 6 million Jews were murdered . More than 41,000 died at Dachau . ` A lot of thought went into how to make this cynical Nazi slogan close to the original - which is important as some 800,000 people visit the Dachau memorial each year , ' said Poitner , 36 , who was born in town of Dachau . ` You can feel all that cynicism with this gate . ' He studied pictures and documents about the original gate , which was installed in 1936 , and used techniques like high-temperature brazing , which was more common than soldering in the 1930s . More than 200,000 people had been detained in the camp by the time U.S. troops liberated it in 1945 . Television footage showing piles of bodies and starved inmates of the camp were among the first images the world saw of the Holocaust . The original Dachau gate was stolen in November and police have not yet recovered it . In December 2009 , a similar ` Arbeit macht frei ' sign was stolen from the entry gate of the former Nazi death camp of Auschwitz in Poland by a Swedish man with far-right ties . Michael Poitner said he was honoured to win the contract toreconstruct the 1.87 metre-high , 108-kg gate . Poitner said his gate is ` as close as possible to the original with a variance at most of just a few millimetres here and there ' A March Of The Living participant carries an Israeli flag from the former German Nazi death camp Auschwitz I to Auschwitz II . Participants carrying Israeli flags attend the March Of The Living to Birkenau , in Oswiecim , Poland . About 10,000 people take part in the annual march on the site of the wartime German Nazi death camp Auschwitz-Birkenau to remember the six-million Jews who perished at the hands of the Nazis during World War Two . People stand behind the main entrance of the Nayi concentration camp memorial in Dachau , Germany , Thursday , April 16 as Israel remembers those killed within . The gate with the writing ` arbeit macht frei ' -LRB- work sets you free -RRB- was stolen in November 2014 . A participant of the annual March Of The Living walks past a carnation placed at the fence of the Auschwitz-Birkenau Nazi death camp memorial in Oswiecim , Poland . The March Of The Living sees students from all over the world arriving in Poland to learn more about the Holocaust . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu seized on Israel 's annual remembrance of the Holocaust Wednesday to compare arch-foe Iran to Hitler 's Germany . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu seized on Israel 's annual remembrance of the Holocaust Wednesday to compare arch-foe Iran to Hitler 's Germany . ` As the Nazis sought to stamp out civilisation and to set the master race to rule across the earth ... while wiping out the Jewish people , so does Iran seek to control the region , spread outwards and destroy the Jewish state , ' he said . Speaking at Jerusalem 's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial , as Israel began marking the liberation of the Nazi death camps 70 years ago , he used the occasion to keep up his constant pressure against the emerging nuclear agreement between Tehran and world powers . World powers agreed with Iran this month on the framework of a deal to rein in its nuclear programme in exchange for the lifting of international sanctions . Israel and many Western governments suspect Iran 's civilian nuclear programme is a front for efforts to build a military capability , a charge Tehran denies . Warning against appeasing ` tyrannical regimes , ' he questioned whether the lessons of World War II had been fully absorbed . ` Has the world really learned from the incomprehensible universal and Jewish tragedy of the previous century , ' he asked . ` The bad agreement being drafted with Iran teaches us that the historic lesson has not been internalised . ' ` The powers turn a deaf ear to the crowds in Iran shouting ` Death to America ; death to Israel , '' Netanyahu said . ` The democratic governments made a momentous mistake before World War Two and we , along with many of our neighbours , are convinced that a bitter mistake has also been made now . ' Last week , Netanyahu demanded that Iran ` stop its threats to annihilate Israel . '