A 45-year-old NBA fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills . It 's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen . Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , Malenda Meacham . At a recent game , the basketball-loving attorney was filmed unleashing her percussion skills . Getting into the groove : A 45-year-old NBA fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills . Smile for the camera : It 's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen . Footage shows her enthusiastically flailing her arms in the air while swinging her head around . Others who attempt to mimic her act lack the same passion . Meacham previously told the I Love Memphis blog that she likes to drink coffee before playing the air bongos so she can give it her all . Over the years she has become known as the Bongo Lady with thousands of followers on social media . Caught on camera : Spectators are often filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , Malenda Meacham . Dressed to impress : Over the years she has become known as the Bongo Lady with thousands of followers on social media - she even has a basketball jersey with her nickname emblazoned on the back . She even has a basketball jersey with her nickname emblazoned on the back . She says her children are a little embarrassed about her drumming antics but sometimes her 16-year-old daughter joins in by playing the maracas . Meacham has been a Memphis Grizzlies season-ticket holder for the past seven years . Last year she was named NBA TV 's Fan of the Year for her numerous air bongo performances . ` I like to think that I play enthusiastically and with aplomb . ' Meacham concluded in an interview with the New York Times .