Chelsy Davy showcased her style credentials as she stepped out in London rocking ripped jeans and a chic blazer on Wednesday night . The ex-girlfriend of Prince Harry radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in Mayfair . The 29-year-old seemed in high spirits , smiling as she made her way down the street wearing tan wedges and a crisp white blouse . Chelsy Davy proved to be quite the fashionista as she stepped out in London wearing ripped jeans and a chic beige blazer on Wednesday night . It 's the second night out this week for the party girl , who was seen laughing and joking with friend Irene Forte at the launch party for new London restaurant , The Ivy Chelsea Garden , on Tuesday . Zimbabwean Davy wore a similar look - a white layered chiffon top , as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles . Davy has previously been known for her more relaxed , casual style , but it seems she is upping the style stakes and taking a more sophisticated approach to dressing now that she is approaching her thirties . The 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends out and about in London . It 's the second night out on the town for the party girl , who joined friends at the opening of cool new eatery , The Ivy Chelsea Garden , on Tuesday . The party was to celebrate the opening of the restaurant , part of renowned West End dining institution , The Ivy . Davy circulated the party with a couple of friends , in particular daughter of hotel tycoon Rocco Forte , Irene . Davy and Forte were spotted together recently at Duke of Northumberland 's estate Syon Park over the weekend for the wedding of property magnate Caspar MacDonald-Hall . At the wedding Chelsy , notably , was the gooseberry as she was seen with friend , Irene Forte and Forte 's boyfriend , Jacobi Anstruther-Gough-Calthorpe . Davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller Charles Goode in January . The sporty socialite had a relationship with Prince Harry spanning six years until they called it a day in May 2010 . The pair still remain good friends . Prince Harry with Chelsy Davy , seen in 2010 after receiving his Flying Wings from his father , dated for six years until they called it a day ; the pair still remain good friends . Chelsy Davy attended the Royal Wedding of Prince William and the former Kate Middleton at Westminster Abbey in 2011 , proving how close her and Prince Harry remained after their split .