Huddersfield coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side 's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence as they look to start climbing back up the Super League ladder . The Giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the Easter holiday period but they go into Sunday 's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league . ` There 's no hiding away from the fact we are a very good defensive team , we 've just got to get our juices flowing offensively more than anything and we 've put some things in place to try and make that happen , ' said Anderson . Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his Hudderfield side 's misfiring attack to climb up Super League . The Giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the Easter holiday period . ` We know what we 're capable of and we know we can quite easily go on a decent run . We had a poor start and a poor week because the games have come thick and fast . ` We 've had some issues with our offence all year and I 've got to take responsibility for that , because that 's my role at the club , it 's my job to try and fix it . ` If we were getting beaten by 30 or 40 points we 'd have some serious issues . We just need to make sure we find our groove with the ball as well as we have without it . ` If you look at the last three games we 've lost , if we 'd have got one more score in every game we 'd probably have come out winners - those are the fine margins that we 're dealing with at the minute . ' A first win in four would enable Huddersfield to leapfrog their French visitors , who have won just one of five away games so far this year . Widnes are the only team yet to take a point from their travels but they will be aiming to capitalise on their impressive record at the Select Security Stadium against Castleford in Sunday 's other league game . Anderson says there is no hiding when facing Catalans Dragons , who have the league 's best defensive record . The Yorkshiremen can climb to a season-high fourth if they make it three wins in a row and Vikings coach Denis Betts is expecting a stern test from Daryl Powell 's improving side . ` Castleford have a solid squad who all know their jobs , ' Betts said . ` They work really hard for each other in defence and that allows them freedom to express themselves in attack . ` We 've had some really tough games against them - very competitive games . I expect a tough physical encounter on Sunday . '