Joy Behar and Kelly Ripa shared their grief on Monday over the tragic death of cosmetic surgeon Dr Fredric Brandt who hanged himself at his Miami mansion . The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt 's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging . An autopsy was scheduled on Monday , the coroner confirmed . Comedian and former The View star , Joy Behar , tweeted on Monday : ` Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with . He will be sorely missed . ' Morning show host , Kelly Ripa , posted : ` My heart is breaking for the loss of Dr. Fredric Brandt . My friend . You will be missed forever and in my heart even longer . ' Miami Herald columnist , Lesley Abravanel had said Brandt , 65 , had been ` devastated ' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show , Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . Scroll down for videos . Dr Fredric Brandt was remembered by morning show host Kelly Ripa -LRB- left with the surgeon in 2011 -RRB- and Joy Behar -LRB- right in 2011 -RRB- on Monday following his tragic suicide at his Miami home on Sunday . Dr Fredric Brandt -LRB- left -RRB- has a resemblance to Dr Franff -LRB- right -RRB- , a character on Tina Fey 's Netflix show , Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . He was reportedly ` devastated ' by the portrayal . Columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself at his home . Dr Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry and worked with Ms Ripa along with a host of other stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour . His colleague , Dr Robert Anolik , who worked with Brandt at his practice , posted a moving tribute on Monday . The acclaimed dermatologist wrote : ` Dr. Fredric Brandt died yesterday . For nearly 5 years , Fred and I worked side by side . He was far more than a colleague to me . He was a close friend . I will miss him every day . ' Ripa 's husband , actor Mark Consuelos , retweeted choreographer Isaac Calpito 's post , which read : ` Devastated over the loss of our dear friend @drfredricbrandt . You are missed . You are loved . The world has lost one of its kindest souls . ' Ms Abravanel , a Miami Herald columnist , posted a series of tweets on Sunday claiming that he had been ` devastated ' by unflattering comparisons to Dr Franff on the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , according to sources close to the doctor . The doctor 's longtime publicist Jacquie Tractenberg told The New York Post on Monday : ` The show definitely deeply hurt him , he was being made fun of because of the way he looks . ` It is mean , and it was bullying . But the show was not the reason for his depression , and it was not the reason he would take his own life . ' The Tractenberg & Co PR agency did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Daily Mail Online . Morning show host , Kelly Ripa , posted : ` My heart is breaking for the loss of Dr. Fredric Brandt . My friend . You will be missed forever and in my heart even longer ' Behar tweeted on Monday : ` Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with . He will be sorely missed ' The doctor was found dead at his Coconut Grove mansion in Miami by his housekeeper where he lived alone . She called 911 at 9.17 am , according to a police statement . The Miami-Dade County Medical Examiner Department confirmed that an autopsy will be conducted on Monday . The New York Post also wrote a column last month comparing the real-life doctor to the fictional doctor on Tina Fey 's hit comedy . ` Sources : Dr Fredric Brandt was `` devastated '' over comparisons to the protagonist on Tina Fey 's new Netflix show , `` Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt '' , ' Abravanel tweeted . Dr Franff only appears in one episode , titled ` Kimmy Goes To The Doctor ! ' , of the first season . The character shares Dr Brandt 's smooth skin , platinum blond hair and enthusiasm for plastic surgery , but his door sign claims he 's a ` board certified D , DS , DDSOBGYN ' , rather than a cosmetic dermatologist . Dr Brandt 's colleague , Dr Robert Anolik -LRB- pictured right with Brandt in June 2014 -RRB- posted a moving tribute on Monday saying that he had lost a ` close friend ' The dermatologist posted a tribute to his colleague of five years after Dr Brandt 's tragic suicide on Sunday . Dr Anolik taking part in a radio show on SiriusXM Radio with Dr Brandt and colleague Dr Jeremy Green . The Dr Franff character is depicted on the Netflix show with a high-pitched laugh and unable to speak certain words due to his plastic surgery . He is also seen drinking from a surgical bag and reinflates his own face after being punched . Netflix had no comment when contacted by Daily Mail Online . Dr Brandt was famed for his appearance , which displayed many of his dermatology techniques . In a 2014 profile in The New York Times , he said that his goal was to ` restore the face to harmony ' . ` I approach each face with a visual perception , an artistic perception and a medical perception , ' he said . The article , which described the doctor as an ` unnervingly ageless-looking personage ' , said that he was sought out by the rich and famous for his signature Y lifts , where fillers are injected below the cheekbones . Dr Brandt , a cosmetic dermatologist and well-known art collector pictured in front of a piece from his collection at his apartment in New York City on March 7 , 2014 . Dr Fredric Brandt was last pictured on November 17 , 2014 alongside life coach Tony Robbins and wife Sage Robbins -LRB- right -RRB- at a magazine party in New York City . The cosmetic surgeon , pictured left , with Hugh Jackman 's wife , Deborra-Lee Furness , gallery owner Lisa Fox and Sting 's wife Trudie Styler at a Donna Karan party in February last year . It was also widely known that Dr Brandt injected products including Botox , Restylane , Perlane , Juvéderm , Voluma , The Times reported , into his own face , erasing his wrinkles , leaving him with full lips and an ageless quality . The doctor told The Times that people often asked him if he was from Sweden . Representatives for Dr Brandt and Fey did not immediately return requests for comment from Daily Mail Online . Dr Brandt grew up in Weequahic section of Newark , New Jersey where his parents ran a candy store . His father died when he was a teenager and he lost his mother before he graduated from Rutgers University in 1971 . He went on to attend Hahnemann Medical College in Philadelphia . He completed residencies at NYU 's Department of Internal Medicine and then in Dermatology at the University of Miami . He set up a practice in Coral Cables , Miami in 1982 and began part-time work in New York in 1998 but quickly expanded to become one of the most in-demand cosmetic appointments . He would sometimes see around 30 patients a day at his midtown Manhattan offices , which is filled with expensive art works , for appointments costing thousands of dollars . The 65-year-old was considered as the number one injector of Botox and Restylane filler in the world . Dr Fredric Brandt 's practice was closed on Monday and Tuesday in Miami , Florida following his tragic death . Dr Brandt had famed practices -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Miami and Manhattan . In a 2014 profile , he said that his goal was to ` restore the face to harmony ' Though Abravanel suggests that Dr Franff is a protagonist on the show , Martin Short 's character only appeared in one episode of the first season . Security was tight in the gated entrance to Dr Brandt 's Miami home on Sunday . His publicist declined to comment on the circumstances or cause of death . The doctor was regarded by his peers as a pioneer in the field and often gave lectures on the use of products . Dr Brandt also has a range of high-end dermatological products . A 1.35 oz ` Do Not Age with Dr. Brandt ' Transforming Pearl Serum costs $ 150 . He wrote two books about his work , '10 Minutes/10 Years : Your Definitive Guide to a Beautiful and Youthful Appearance ' and ` Age-less : The Definitive Guide to Botox , Collagen , Lasers , Peels , and Other Solutions for Flawless Skin ' . Along with his Miami mansion , Dr Brandt had a luxury apartment on the West Side of Manhattan with sweeping views of the Hudson River and filled with the esteemed art collection . Tributes poured in for Dr Brandt following the news of shocking death . TV presenter and beauty editor Nadine Baggott wrote : ` RIP Frederic Brandt - I loved every fascinating minute spent interviewing him . ' @idrisjoel postd on Twitter : #RIP to one of the kindest and most brilliant physician I 've ever met , Dr Frederic Shelton Brandt . ' TV Host Jeannette Kaplun wrote : ` So sad that the world has lost a wonderful , kind and brilliant human being , Dr. Frederic Brandt ' Abravanel said that sources told her Dr Brandt was ` devastated ' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . The plastic surgeon , Dr Franff , in the Netflix comedy , is played by comedy veteran Martin Short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life Dr Brandt . In one scene , where the lead character Kimmy almost gets plastic surgery , the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder . Martin Short had a small role as Dr Franff in one episode of the TV show 's first season . When he is punched by the main character , Kimmy , as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon 's chair , his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube . Dr Franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . He 's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by Martin Short . The show follows a Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- , who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader . She then is hired to be a nanny for the step-children of socialite Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski -RRB- . In the fourth episode of the show , Jacqueline visits Dr Franff to discuss a ` foot lift ' of sorts because she believes that ` feet are the new butts ' . In the fourth episode of the Netflix show 's first and only season , Dr Franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- and Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski , pictured -RRB- . Dr Franff 's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of Dr Fredric Brandt , who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour . Franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor , whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times . In the episode , he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for Jacqueline , as well as on Kimmy .