A man who lost his iPhone ended up finding it on the other side of the world and striking up a friendship with its new ` owner . ' Matt Stopera misplaced his cellphone in New York City and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream . Mr Stopera said he asked himself , ` Who is this man , and why are his pictures showing up in my phone ? ' Instant connection : Months after Stopera lost his iPhone in New York City . It ended up in the ends of Li Hongjun in southeastern China . He received the phone as a gift . The pair eventually decided to meet up ! Celebrity status : Their story got a lot of attention online and Li invited Stopera to visit . When he got to China he was granted almost celebrity-like status . Lost in the cloud : Li 's pictures began showing up in Matt 's iCloud and PhotoStream . The first few pics were taken in front of what looked like orange trees . The orange man : Li was actually standing in front of kumquat trees - not oranges - but the nickname ` Brother Orange ' stuck . ` I noticed a bunch of pictures I had n't taken . Like , a lot of them . They were mostly of this man taking selfies with an orange tree . To be honest , it was pretty funny but also terrifying because I did n't take the pictures , ' he said . The phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern China and into the hands of Li Hongjun . Mr Hongjun had received the phone as a gift but whoever had presented it to him forgot to wipe its contents . ` I went to the Apple Store and , sure enough , there was my old iPhone on the iCloud . Orange Man 's pictures were showing up in my stream because my iCloud was still connected , ' Mr Stopera said . The pictures that were being taken in China were automatically uploaded to Mr Stopera 's new phone and as an editor for BuzzFeed , he began writing and Tweeting about it . Showing off : Matt was surprised by how mucy interest there was in the story . Li had even had a car sticker designed with their two faces printed on the side . Digital duo : 30-year-old restaurant owner named Li , had received the phone as a gift and began taking pictures . The images ended up on Matt 's iCloud because the phone had not been erased properly . 21st century story : With the help of social media , a stolen cell phone brought two people from opposite sides of the world together and turned them into the best of friends . Going global : Users on Weibo -- China 's version of Twitter -- started looking for an answer after Stopera 's article was translated into Chinese and posted there . Helping hand : ` I got all of these tweets from people in China saying , ` Hey , we 're going to help you find Orange Man , '' Stopera said . At one stage , his article was translated for users on Weibo , the Chinese version of Twitter , and he received Tweets from people telling him that they were going to find the new owner . ` I got all of these tweets from people in China saying , ` Hey , we 're going to help you find Orange Man , '' Stopera said . Over in China , Mr Hongjun got a call from his nephew who told him his photos were all over the internet . There was so much interest in the ` lost-phone-found-friend ' tale that it generated more than 75 million clicks and before long , Mr Hongjun incited Mr Stopera to come at visit . Their ` lost-phone-found-friend ' saga generated more than 75 million clicks and prompted Li 's invitation to visit . What a welcome ! Brother Orange surprised Matt at the airport , but the even bigger surprise was all the media attention . Brother Orange : Everywhere they went , they were swarmed by cameras . They developed quite a bond . The entire China trip has been well documented through a series of Tweets and plenty of selfies and it appears that Mr Stopera was seen as quite the celebrity . They traveled around the country where the pair were treated like celebrities . Photographers seemed to follow them wherever they went . They even had a car with their faces stuck on the side ! ` It 's not over , ' Stopera said to WTSP . ` Brother Orange has to visit me now , so that has to happen . ' The pair are hoping to plan a trip for Mr Hongjun to visit the U.S. later this year . ` One of the lessons I learned is never judge a man by his selfies , ' Mr Stopera said to NPR . ` Because in his selfies he looks so serious , and in real life , he was just the warmest , funniest , very smart guy . ' Seeing the sights : Writer Matt Stopera and Li Hongjun aka ` Brother Orange ' visit Tiananmen Square in Beijing . Do n't judge : ` One of the lessons I learned is never judge a man by his selfies , ' Matt Stopera says . ` Because in his selfies he looks so serious , and in real life , he was just the warmest , funniest , very smart guy ' What a way to meet ! Experts say it 's not uncommon for stolen or lost iPhones to make their way from the United States to countries overseas where the demand for them is high - but the meeting-up part is very unusual ! Firm friends : Their bromance is clear to see from the selfies they posted online from their week together .