John Carver has called on the advice and support of former Newcastle managers Alan Shearer and Alan Pardew as tensions grow between the club and its fanbase . Supporters are planning to boycott today 's game at home to Spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from owner Mike Ashley . Carver was in the dugout alongside Pardew at the end of last season when fans again expressed their discontent during a 3-0 victory over Cardiff . Pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline amid a toxic atmosphere inside St James ' Park . Newcastle boss John Carver is under pressure and has asked for advice from some of his predecessors . Alan Pardew was in charge of Newcastle from 2010 to January this year , when he left for Crystal Palace . Former Newcastle striker Alan Shearer , the club 's record goal-scorer , also had a brief stint as manager . Newcastle fans are planning to protest against owner Mike Ashley for a perceived lack of ambition . Sunday 's protests will take place outside of the stadium , but Carver -- who , in fairness , has been left with a depleted and disinterested squad - could nonetheless find himself the target should his side fall to a sixth straight defeat . Carver , though , accepts that he must take criticism and has spoken to the likes of Pardew and close friend Shearer , who was relegated as boss in 2009 , for words of encouragement . ` Some of the advice I 've had has been excellent . It 's definitely changed me as a person in how I 've dealt with things because , in the past , I would have reacted to what people have said and some of the things that have been written , ' he said . ` Both Alans have excellent experience at it and that 's why I 'm listening to what they are saying . Without a shadow of a doubt they have helped me through this . ` We are not through it yet but they have been excellent for me , along with many other people in the game . ' He added : ` But the club realise the situation I 'm in and they realise that it 's a difficult one , and that 's why I 'm convinced they are going to have to invest . ` Whether it 's me or whether it 's Sir Alex Ferguson doing this job , they would need investment . ' Carver , meanwhile , does not expect a repeat of the poison of 12 months ago when they take on Spurs . ` The Cardiff game was one of the strangest atmospheres I 've ever experienced , ' he said . ` We got through it in the end . I hope it wo n't be as difficult an atmosphere this time . Toon fans are planning to boycott the next home game with Spurs and have designed anti-Ashley leaflets . Newcastle players are put through their paces in training ahead of the home game with Spurs on Sunday . Newcastle winger Remy Cabella strikes a shot at goal during a training session ahead of the Spurs match . ` I do n't think it will be , I think it will be a different type of protest . The fact that people are staying away , the people who come into the stadium will be behind the team because they understand where we are and everyone will be in it together . ' And Carver believes that the home double-header with Spurs and Swansea will determine how the rest of their season plays out . ` I think these next two could define the season , because if we do n't pick up results it just adds a bit more pressure , ' he added . ` Sometimes pressure can take over and we do n't want to leave ourselves in that situation . '