Michael Bisping is eyeing a long-awaited homecoming ahead of his fight against CB Dollaway . The Manchester middleweight takes on Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career . And assuming he does so , Bisping is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July , five years since he last fought in the UK . Michael Bisping gets up close to CB Dolloway during the UFC 186 weigh-in at Metropolis on Friday . ` I know it 's a cliche but I feel like I 'm in the best shape of my life . I 'm ready to take on the world , and by world I mean CB Dollaway , ' he said . ` For me it 's just another day in the office . This is what I love to do , this is what I was put on this earth to do . ` Make no mistake , I 'm going to deliver for the fans in Montreal . ` He 's going to look for a takedown , I 'm going to stop that takedown . ` I 'm in the best training situation of my life -- if I had this type of training my entire career , I 'd have been a world champion five years ago . I just have to prove to the world I 'm still one of the best . I 'll beat CB , then I 'll beat someone else and then you 'll hear me start talking about that title shot again . ` I have n't fought in the UK in five years . After this fight , if the UFC wants me to fight on the Glasgow card I 'll do it . I 'll fight anywhere in the UK . I 'm an Englishman at heart and it 's been far too long since I 've been able to fight in the UK . ' Bisping looks to get back to winning ways against Dolloway in Canada this weekend . Bisping is coming off the back of a defeat by Luke Rockhold last November but still considers himself among the best in the world . ` I 'm expecting the best CB Dollaway there is , and I expect him to be confident . But his courage will diminish as the fight goes on , and I will knock him out , ' he added . ` CB Dollaway is a very good athlete . He 's a great wrestler , he 's a mediocre striker -- I 'm by far a better striker . ` I 've never lost two fights back to back . I need to put a win streak together . But I still consider myself one of the best in the world . ` The last fight against Rockhold , we clashed heads and I could n't see too well -- he caught me with a head kick and that was it . ` I know I 've had my setbacks , they 've been well documented . There 's no shame in losing to the guys I 've lost to ; they 're all guys who could be world champions . Dana White called me after the Luke Rockhold fight and told me the reason I was losing fights is because I 'm consistently fighting the best guys in the world -- not everyone can say that . ` I 'm going to prove that I 'm still one of the best in the world . '