Stephanie Scott was allegedly murdered just days before she was due to walk down the aisle . The man accused of the brutal murder of young teacher Stephanie Scott led a secret life online that included violent video games , a seeming obsession with fantasy worlds and rambling writings for a science fiction series . New details have emerged about Vincent Stanford , who created an online alter ego to use in science fiction , gaming and fantasy forums characters . Stanford , 24 , has been charged with killing Ms Scott , a popular high school teacher in Leeton , 550 kilometres from Sydney , on Easter Sunday , just days before she was due to be married to her childhood sweetheart . Fairfax Media identified an online profile it said Stanford used , including a YouTube channel and multiple gaming forums . Using the name of a mythical Aztec serpent Quetzalcoalt , Stanford 's wrote scripts for his favourite TV series , the science fiction show Stargate , titled ` Secret endangered ' about a fictional land ` under imminent threat when wraith survivors know about atlantis ' . ` Hi . Wanted to introduce myself names Vincent . Love stargate and videogames and I do a bit of 3d modelling in my spare time -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' he wrote as Quetzalcoalt in one forum . ` Loved stargate resistance and i like fallout 3 gears of war franchise halo 1 through 3 and the dead space games . ' he posted in another forum , in June 2012 , in reference to some of his favourite shooting games . According to Fairfax Media , Stanford signed petitions to save violent galactic warfare games such as Stargate World and Stargate Resistant . His YouTube account included more than 65 videos - mostly recordings of him playing games with other people online , including the violent zombie apocalypse Dying Light and the fantasy game League of Legends . In many of the videos he can be heard talking in a European-sounding language . In one , he laughs after deliberately blowing up his game character by shooting a gas cannister . Scroll down for video . The online profile named quetzalcoalt identifies himself as a person named Vincent who loves videogames . Stanford uploaded some of his online video game battles to YouTube -LRB- seen here -RRB- . Stanford has uploaded more than 65 videos of his gaming interactions with other gamers as he commentates . Stanford had an obsession with a number of computer games , including League of Legends . Stanford commented ` I regret nothing ' on a YouTube video about Nazi leader Rudolf Hess . ` RIP Rudolf Hess . Ich bereue nichts , ' he wrote . The gamer was like an invisible man in the small rural town he moved to just 13 months ago . Leeton has a close-knit community of only 6,700 people , but little else is known of the casual school cleaner who has swept the halls of Leeton High School since October . Stanford was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family and working in the city of Rotterdam before returning to Australia as an adult . He moved into a single-storey home with his mother Anika and elder brother Luke with just a small bag of belongings each . His neighbours in Maiden Avenue say the family were welcomed by the community but Stanford made few connections . Neighbour Gail Scanlan told Daily Mail Australia Stanford was a ` big strong fellow with dark , black eyes ' who she and her husband would chat to over the fence . Police were lead to the place where Stephanie Scott 's remains were found , by the family of her accused killer . Stephanie Scott -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley , was last seen on Easter Sunday . She described him as a beautifully mannered and polite young man who wanted to get ahead in life . Mrs Scanlan said the accused and his family mostly kept to themselves but were friendly and ` would come over for a cup of coffee ' . His mother Anika , a qualified nurse , worked at a local nursing home and Stanford , along with his brother Luke , worked shift work so Mr Scanlan said they did not see the family often . Meanwhile , as Stanford adjusted to life in Leeton , his identical twin brother -- who moved from Holland back to Australia in June 2013 - settled in South Australia . Stanford engaged in fictional gunfire with other gamers in the violent video games . In one YouTube video , he commented ` I regret nothing ' on a video about Nazi leader Rudolf Hess . Mr Scanlan , the retired pensioner living next door to Stanford , confirmed on Friday that photographs of Stanford 's twin that had circulated in the media were correct . ` That 's definitely him . They really look identical . Vincent is a little broader and fatter in the face but you ca n't mistake who it is , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` They look exactly the same in the face -- the image of each other . He also has the same receding hairline . Looking at him is like looking at Vincent . ' Hinting at a possible family rift , the alleged killer 's twin wrote on Facebook on January 4 : ` One good thing about not being able to go home , been back to Swan Reach and Gawler for the first time in 4 years . ' The Sydney Morning Herald reports Stanford worked with his twin designing a new video game called Overseer but it was never released . Ms Scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen party last month in Canberra last month with her mother Merrilyn . Steph was set to marry her childhood sweetheart Aaron and honeymoon in Tahiti . Before moving back to Australia , Stanford - who speaks with a Dutch accent - previously worked as a cleaner for a dental company in Holland . In Leeton , he landed a casual job with cleaning company Colin Joss & Co , who have a contract with the Department of Education in NSW . Senior manager at the company Fleur Dooley told Daily Mail Australia that Stanford had worked for them since October last year . She explained he had passed national criminal record checks and worked at multiple schools in the area , as well as the local TAFE . ` He was employed as a casual cleaner and worked on different sites a required , ' Ms Dooley said . It has now emerged Stanford was not contracted to work on the Sunday that he allegedly killed Ms Scott . Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5 pm in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW . Detectives piled evidence bags outside the home Stanford shared with his mother and brother on Friday . A police forensic officer carried evidence from his home after Stanford was charged with murder . Ms Scott was preparing lesson plans at Leeton High School for a relief teacher who would be working in her place while she was on her honeymoon when she disappeared . An autopsy will soon begin on Ms Scott 's body to determine how she was killed and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to get married . Ms Scott 's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney , and a NSW Department of Justice spokeswoman confirmed State Coroner Michael Barnes has ordered that an autopsy be carried out this week . This follows after it has emerged detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of Ms Scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer . NSW Police will get in contact with their counterparts in the Netherlands to determine if the accused 24-year-old murderer had any relevant history there , AAP reports . Police discovered the burnt remains of a woman 's body around 5 pm on Friday . Stanford has reportedly been uncooperative with investigators . Daily Mail Australia has contacted NSW police for comment . It has also emerged that one of the last actions of Ms Scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding , confirming transportation for guests . Police discovered the burnt remains of a woman 's body around 5 pm on Friday after they were directed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW by Stanford 's mother and brother . It 's further alleged a gasoline can had been found nearby . It is understood Stanford was familiar to the area and went on regular camping trips to the national park on many occasions with his family . Ms Scott 's grief-stricken fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was supported by loved ones to release yellow balloons into the air to commemorate her life at a memorial on what would have been their wedding day . On Saturday , the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley , a memorial was held . Ms Scott was last seen at Leeton High School as she prepared to go away on her honeymoon . On Saturday - the day which English and drama teacher Ms Scott was set to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley - a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be . In a poignant move , the memorial service took place at the same time as when her wedding ceremony was due to take place . Her father Robert Scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief on Saturday at Mountford Park in Leeton . The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday , when her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher . ` Stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' Mr Scott said at his daughter 's memorial on Saturday . ` Our wishes for the future are that this stays in your minds and you remember her . ` I 'm sure she 'd wish for that to be the case and you could remember her for the great little girl she was . ' Ms Scott 's grief-stricken fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was too upset to take the stage , but was supported by loved ones to release yellow balloons into the air to commemorate her life . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .