Her recent achievements include a 3,000-mile bicycle ride across the USA , a cross-country ski marathon and a four-mile swimming race in a Turkish tidal shipping strait . So perhaps it should come as no surprise that Pippa Middleton can go jogging without even appearing to break a sweat . The Duchess of Cambridge 's younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine , displaying her toned figure in a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap . Scroll down for video . Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park , stopping to chat to a fellow jogger . New Balance Pink Ribbon 990v3 Sneakers . Support the cause ! Buy now . Pippa Middleton kicked up her workout gear to the next level with a pair of New Balance sneakers trimmed with a pop of pink . We love how she kept the rest of her outfit a simple medley of blues , from her camo shorts right up to her Nike cap . The royal sister topped off the chicness of her ensemble with a peek at a pink sports bra underneath her blue top , which echoed the pink in her sneaks perfectly . A pair trainers as cool as these need not be kept for running only . The playful kicks would also look great paired with skinny black jeans and a cozy oversized sweater for an off duty , street savvy look . In case you need further convincing , New Balance will contribute 5 % of the retail price of sales from these ` Lace Up for the Cure ' collection sneakers supporting breast cancer awareness ! Click right to buy them today . Or get the look for less with our edit of similar styles below . New Balance WX711 Sneaker at Zappos . Buy now . Nike Revolution 2 Sneaker at Zappos . Buy now . Fila Approach Sneaker at 6 pm -LRB- Now $ 45.99 -RRB- . Buy now . U.S. POLO ASSN. . Natalie 9 Sneaker at 6 pm -LRB- Now $ 25.99 -RRB- . Buy now . Miss Middleton kept her jewellery and watch on and appeared to be clutching a set of keys as she effortlessly made her way around a London park , stopping to chat to a male jogger before continuing with her workout . The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in the 54-mile London to Brighton charity bike ride in June to raise money for the British Heart Foundation , for which she is an ambassador . The keen athlete , who won a sports scholarship to Marlborough College , has previously spoken about how she sticks to ` wholesome carbs ' such as brown rice , lentils and quinoa and eats a lot of protein to prepare for races . Last month it emerged a planned deal for her to join US television channel NBC as a special correspondent had collapsed . She currently writes a column in Waitrose 's magazine and is a contributing editor to Vanity Fair . Her limited company , PXM Enterprises , made a profit of more than £ 200,000 in 2014 . The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from London to Brighton to raise money for charity . She previously completed a 3,000-mile race across the USA -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Miss Middleton has previously told of how she sticks to ` wholesome carbs ' when preparing for sporting events .