After suffering a blow in the September referendum , Nicola Sturgeon has steadily set about boosting her political profile . In spite of the defeat which prompted her predecessor 's resignation , the SNP leader has racked up support across Scotland since , with some fans even hopeful of a victory on May 7 . But weeks after having to deny allegations of back-room plotting against Ed Miliband , Mrs Sturgeon has been rocked by more smearing claims yet . For with just two weeks to go until she canvasses polling station queues , the 44-year-old has been accused of savage violence . The SNP leader -LRB- pictured right , aged 14 -RRB- has denied her sister 's claims she used to shave the heads off her sister 's Barbie dolls . According to her sister , Gillian Owens , the politician was prone to hacking the hair of from dolls as a child . ` She once cut the hair off my Sindy doll , just for fun , ' Gillian Owens , a part-time actress , said . Rebutting the claims , the politician told the BBC : ` I deny the allegations levelled at me by my sister . ` I 'm sure I did n't cut the hair off her Barbie doll . ` But if I did it - and it 's an `` if '' - then there would have been provocation involved , I 'm sure of it . ' Later posting on Twitter , she added : ` For the record I think my sister is misremembering . I 'm sure it was a Sindy doll . #dollgate . ' Poking fun at the tale , she told one follower : ` I 'm not proud of it ... but I 've changed . My niece 's have never come to any harm . ' The accusations sparked a Twitter trend with internet users sharing mocking photographs of beheaded Barbie dolls on Saturday afternoon . The politician poked fun at her sister 's claims which sparked a Twitter trend on Saturday afternoon . Twitter users were quick to join in on the joke , sharing photographs of beheaded dolls on the social network . One user shared this photograph of the SNP leader as a murderous doll herself , holding a pair of scissors . A joke Twitter account was set up in the name Barbie Sturgeon in the wake of the claims this weekend . In an interview with The Sun , Mrs Sturgeon 's sister told of how they were ` like chalk and cheese ' growing up . ` I was into dolls and everything girly . Nicola was into sitting reading . She was a very strong-minded wee girl . ' Polls suggest the SNP is on the brink of a landslide on a scale unprecedented in modern British politics , winning as many as 50 of Scotland 's 59 Commons seats . That would be all but certain to leave it holding the balance of power at Westminster for the first time . Mrs Sturgeon did not attend a ceremony at the Cenotaph this morning with other party leaders to commemorate the centenary of the Gallipoli Landings . Laying a wreath a Scottish memorial site instead she later attended an SNP women 's rally in Glasgow City Centre . The SNP leader skipped the Cenotaph ceremony to join female voters in central Glasgow at a women 's rally .