Former Queens Park Rangers chairman Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company in what appears to be the first move towards taking control at Valley Parade . Paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011 and has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung . The Italian seems to have enjoyed more success in West Yorkshire where he has forged an official link to Bradford , a club which has been one of the great success stories of the season . Former QPR chief Gianni Paladini appears to be keen on taking over the reins at League One side Bradford . Bradford 's most memorable moment of the season came during their shock FA Cup win over Chelsea . Phil Parkinson 's team captured the imagination of fans across the nation when they fought back from 2-0 down to win 4-2 at Chelsea in the FA Cup and went on to beat Sunderland before losing in a quarter-final replay at Reading . Those FA Cup exploits came against a backdrop of colourful and passionate support . They took 8,000 supporters to Stamford Bridge and generated a brilliant atmosphere for the tie at home to Sunderland . It was a reminder of the club 's enormous potential , having been led out of the doldrums of League Two and administration by chairmen Julian Rhodes and Mark Lawn , with the help of Parkinson 's managerial skill . Lawn has spoken of the need to attract new investment and Paladini is registered as the sole director of Bradford City -LRB- Holdings -RRB- Limited , set up in February . The company was originally set up with Paladini and Mauro Milanese named as directors but Milanese 's name has been removed . Paladini has previously made an attempt to buy Birmingham from Carson Yeung -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Milanese is a former centre half who played for several Italian clubs and had one year at QPR during a long playing career and briefly managed Leyton Orient last year . Paladini 's ambitions to return to football are well documented . As well as trying to buy Birmingham , he has been linked possible takeovers at Millwall and Reading . Bradford were beaten 6-0 at home by Bristol City on Tuesday , which confirmed Bristol City 's promotion to the Championship and virtually ended Bradford 's hopes of capping an incredible season by reaching the play-offs . Paladini spent eight years at QPR , seizing control after a complicated takeover in 2003 and attracting investment from billionaires Lakshmi Mittal and F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone and Flavio Briatore . He left his role at Loftus Road in 2011 following the takeover by Tony Fernandes .