After nearly two years of jockeying with Congress over the IRS 's history of discriminating against conservative nonprofit groups , former official Lois Lerner wo n't be charged with a crime for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions . U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen , on his last day in office , told House Speaker John Boehner in a seven-page letter that Lerner could wrap herself in the U.S. Constitution 's Fifth Amendment , even though she offered a self-serving opening statement before clamming up during a May 22 , 2013 hearing . Lerner has long been in the GOP 's crosshairs because she led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups ' applications for tax-exempt status . Beginning in 2010 , the department gave conservative groups with words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' in their names extra scrutiny , slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years . The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee had subpoenaed Lerner after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS AND THE DOJ 'S LETTER TO BOEHNER . I 'LL TELL THE TRUTH ... UNLESS I 'M TAKING THE FIFTH : Former IRS official Lois Lerner insisted on her innocence in an opening statement during a 2013 congressional hearing , and then refused to answer lawmakers ' questions -- a choice that the Obama administration now says was perfectly legal . U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Ronald Machen -LRB- left -RRB- dropped his bomb on Congress just one day before leaving office to return to private legal practice . Emailed ? Machen 's letter was addressed to House Speaker John Boehner -LRB- left -RRB- , who was in Jerusalem visiting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu -LRB- right -RRB- . When she refused again to answer questions during a second hearing on March 5 , 2014 , House Republicans prepared a criminal contempt citation and referred the case to the Justice Department once it was approved . California Republican Rep. Darrell Issa , then the Oversight committee 's chairman , told Lerner in one hearing that she had ` effectively waived your rights ' by defending herself under oath . ` I have not done anything wrong , ' Lerner had said in the 2013 hearing . ` I have not broken any laws , I have not violated any IRS rules or regulations , and I have not provided false information to this or any other congressional committee . ' Machen told Boehner on Tuesday that since Lerner had only made ` general claims of innocence , ' she was within her rights to refuse to answer questions . ` Ms. Lemer 's general denials of wrongdoing did not amount to `` testimony '' about the actual facts under the Committee 's review , ' he said . ` The Fiflh Amendment to the Constitution would provide Ms. Lerner with an absolute defense , should she be prosecuted , , , for her refusal to testify . ' Machen 's March 31 letter arrived on Capitol Hill just a day before his resignation took effect after a five-year stint as Washington , D.C. 's top federal prosecutor inside the Justice Department . President Barack Obama named him to his post in December 2009 . Reactions swept through the nation 's capital as word spread that Lerner was , legally , in the clear . ` Once again , the Obama administration has tried to sweep IRS targeting of taxpayers for their political beliefs under the rug , ' Boehner spokesman Michael Steel told Daily Mail Online . ` But unaccountable federal bureaucrats using their power to attack the First Amendment strikes at the heart of our democracy , and the American people deserve the truth . ' ` The White House , ' said Steel , ` still has the opportunity to do the right thing and appoint a special counsel to examine the IRS ' actions . ' Attorney General Eric Holder has refused repeatedly to bring in a special counsel , instead appointing attorney Barbara Bosserman to lead an internal probe . Republicans see Bosserman as a politically conflicted choice : Federal Election Commission records show that she donated a total of $ 6,750 to Obama 's campaigns and to the Democratic National Committee . SWITCH : During the tea party targeting hearings , it was Oversight committee ranking Democrat Elijah Cummings -LRB- left -RRB- who was regularly exasperated -- but now Darrell Issa -LRB- right -RRB- , his Republican foil at the time is frustrated by a lack of accountability for Lerner . Tea party groups and other conservative organizations seeking tax-exempt status were kept in limbo for years while the IRS often green-lighted liberal groups in weeks or months . Issa , whose outrage led to the congressional contempt citation against Lerner -- and one against Holder , for refusing to turn over documents related to the scandal -- was livid . ` Refusing to prosecute Mrs. Lerner and Mr. Holder after they were held in contempt by a vote of the House of Representatives sends a disturbing message that it is permissible for senior government officials to lie to Congress and to ignore subpoenas for information vital to Congressional investigations , ' he said Wednesday in a statement . Issa 's successor as chairman of the Oversight committee , Utah Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz , said Machen 's letter ` exhibits a disregard for the rule of law ' and scoffed at his objectivity . ` It is unclear whether the Administration directed Mr. Machen not to prosecute Lois Lerner , or whether he was motivated by an ideological kinship with IRS 's leadership , ' Chaffetz said . ` The Committee will continue to pursue its ongoing investigation into the targeting of American citizens based on their political beliefs . Our goal is to ensure that the people responsible , including Lois Lerner , are held accountable . ' Lerner 's attorney , William Taylor , said in a statement that his client ` looks forward to moving on with her life . ' ` It is unfortunate that the majority party in the House put politics before a citizen 's constitutional rights , ' Taylor said . DOJ Letter to Boehner About Lois Lerner uploaded by DailyMail.com .