Barcelona boss Luis Enrique has urged his players to shut the Champions League out of their minds and concentrate on extending their lead at the top of the La Liga table on Saturday . Victory over fourth-placed Valencia will take Enrique 's men at least temporarily five points clear at the top of the table with title rivals Real Madrid not kicking off against Malaga until evening . But with Valencia visiting the Nou Camp in the midst of a 10-match unbeaten run Enrique has stressed the importance of forgetting Wednesday night 's superb 3-1 semi-final first leg win in Paris . Barcelona boss Luis Enrique has urged his side to switch their attention back to the La Liga title race . Luis Suarez starred in Barcelona 's 3-1 Champions League win over Paris Saint-Germain by bagging a brace . Barcelona midfielder Andreas Iniesta has been ruled out of his side 's league encounter against Valencia . Enrique said : ` We are not thinking about the PSG match , we are only thinking about the visit of Valencia . ` Mentally we will have no problems because the players know if they are not 100 per cent against Valencia things will get complicated , but physically there are one or two things we have to assess . ' Andreas Iniesta is definitely ruled out for Barca after he was forced off early in the second half of the 3-1 win in the French capital with a bruised pelvis . Valencia boss Nuno Espirito Santo insisted he was impressed but undaunted by Barca 's performance over PSG as his side look to pull off a shock win which will strengthen their grip on fourth place . Santo said : ` What we have seen confirms what we already thought . They are a great team with great players . They do n't have many weaknesses , but they do have some . ' Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti knows his side have plenty of reasons to be wary as they look to keep up the pressure on the leaders with victory over seventh-placed Malaga . Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema has been ruled out of his side 's La Liga match against Malaga . Benzema rolls around on the floor during Real Madrid 's quarter-final clash against rivals Atletico . Real Madrid attacking midfielder Isco is expected to replace the injured Benzema for Saturday 's clash . Malaga pulled off a stunning 1-0 win over Barcelona in the Nou Camp in June and Ancelotti has warned his players they must wipe thoughts of their Champions League semi-final against city rivals Atletico if they are to avoid a similar fate . Ancelotti , who is without the injured Karim Benzema , said : ` Malaga played very well against Atletico -LRB- last week -RRB- , performing with a lot of intensity and quality . They beat Barcelona at home and we need to focus on this match in order to win it . ' Atletico Madrid will look to consolidate their grip on third place as they travel to a Deportivo La Coruna side for whom two successive draws has left them sitting above the relegation zone on goal difference alone . James Rodriguez -LRB- left -RRB- is likely to play in a central attacking role alongside club team-mate Isco . Gareth Bale -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Cristiano Ronaldo will be tasked with scoring goals in Benzema 's absence . Bale sprints ahead of Luka Modric during Friday 's training session ahead of Real 's clash against Malaga . Also on Saturday , mid-table Athletic Bilbao look to return to winning ways after three games without a victory as they take on Getafe , for whom three games unbeaten have effectively ended relegation fears . Sunday 's action switches to the relegation zone with Almeria looking to build on their potentially priceless win over Granada last week and put space between themselves and the drop zone with victory at Rayo Vallecano . Granada hunt for their first league win in six at home to Sevilla while bottom-placed Cordoba 's survival hopes will be all but over if they fail to take the points at Europe-chasing Villarreal . Celta Vigo travel to Eibar while the Monday match sees Elche look to ease relegation fears at home to David Moyes ' Real Sociedad .