No matter whether you pay for First Class , Business or Economy , sometimes the best part of a flight is enjoying the breathtaking views at take-off and landing . Colourful landscapes , snowcapped mountains and dazzling city skylines unfold below and passengers can sit back and enjoy their chosen destination from a different perspective . No one gets a better seat to view the world than the pilots who are lucky enough to frequent these scenes for a living , and they have revealed their expert guides to which routes and seats can offer these front row experiences . Pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination on arrival . Many people are so eager to get to their destination that they do n't realise their best views of their holiday spot can be seen on the way in or out . British Airways ' chief Boeing pilot , Captain Al Bridger , said : ` We get some spectacular views from the cockpit but many of these can be seen by everyone on board , especially on our new 787 aircraft which have much larger windows . ` We always try to share our knowledge and point out some of the amazing sights that can be enjoyed from the air so that customers can begin sightseeing before they 've even landed ! ' Harbour views can be seen for guests leaving Sydney on the right hand side . Sydney Harbour . ` When leaving Sydney , sit on the right hand side of the aircraft to get the best views of Sydney Harbour , ' says Captain Derek May , British Airways . The harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world and flyers will be able to get unbeatable aerial shots of world-famous Sydney Harbour bridge and the Sydney Opera House . When departing San Francisco sit on the left side of the plane to see the famous Golden Gate Bridge , or opt for the left side to see Alcatraz , the site of the first lighthouse and US built fort on the West Coast . Golden Gate Bridge , Alcatraz and bay . ` Great whichever side of the aircraft you 're on for flights departing San Francisco . ` You get great views of the bridge on the left hand side of the aircraft , Alcatraz from the right , and the bay from both ! ' says Captain Simon Scholey , British Airways . Enjoy stunning views of Cape Town and Table Mountain if arriving from the North into Cape Town International Airport . Cape Town and Table Mountain . British Airways ' Senior First Officer Kate Laidler said one of her favourite plane views was of Cape Town . ` On early morning arrivals from the North it 's great for Table Mountain and the bay . ` These stunning views can be seen from both sides of the aircraft , ' she said . See sights like the impressive San Gabriel mountains if you enter LAX from the east side , by sitting on the right side . Los Angeles . If you are flying into LAX it is recommended to try to get a seat on the right side of the plane . A lot of the time planes land from the east and a seat on this side is the best for seeing the towering San Gabriel mountains , the Los Angeles River , downtown LA , the Hollywood sign , and Century City . For night flyers , either side will offer you spectacular views of the lit roads and neon city lights . Opt for the right side of the plane if you are landing at Chicago 's Midway airport to experience the magnificene of the city skyline . Chicago skyline . It is hard to predict which direction you will land at Midway in Chicago , due to its X-pattern runways . If you are arriving from the east you should be treated to close-up views of Chicago skyline on the right side of the plane . As the airport is situated in the midst of a dense neighbourhood , you will feel as if you are in the heart of the city on the descent . It 's not cheap to take a helicopter ride to see the fiery Grand Canyon from above , but why fork out when you can witness its magnificence on your plane ride . Grand Canyon . Sit on the left side of the plane for incredible views of the sprawling Grand Canyon stretching out before you . This can be seen on a flights for San Diego from London , and can make your journey just as impressive as the destination . Arrive early to secure a left seat for approaching Bora Bora Airport as the planes work by open seating . Bora Bora . The Bora Bora Island Guide has a page dedicated solely to where you should sit on the plane , as it has one of the most breathtaking views on the planet as you enter the island . The planes operate by open seating , so it is key to arrive early to secure a left seat , but if you do , you will not be disappointed . You will see Huahine , Tahaa , Raiatea and Bora Bora on your approach to Bora Bora airport and witness the unspoilt reefs and lagoons . Witness Mount Fuji peering through the clouds in the distance when travelling to or from Tokyo 's Narita Airport . Mount Fuji . One of Captain Chris Hanson 's favourite sky views is of Mount Fuji . ` Whether arriving or departing from Tokyo -LRB- Narita -RRB- you can see Mount Fuji sticking out of the clouds , ' said the British Airways Captain . If you come into Narita , you will see Tokyo and Mount Fuji on the right . You may also be able to see it from the left at times , if the plane makes a loop to approach the airport from the south . America 's playground for adults is best seen at night time from the right side of the plane . Las Vegas . A British Airways air hostess recommended you opt for the right side of the plane when flying into Las Vegas to see the dazzling city below , with its colossal hotels and glistening casinos . Do n't worry if you are sat on the left side , as you will still be able to see the strip when the plane is taxiing on the ground . Enjoy a scenic tour of London as you fly to Heathrow , here pictured on the right side of the plane . London . Looking like the opening credits of soap Eastenders , Heathrow flights entering London will see the winding River Thames , and famous landmarks such as the O2 Greenwich . Captain Mark Mannering-Smith , of British Airways , said : ` Most flights approach Heathrow from the east - a great opportunity to get an unbeatable view of London . ` A perfect welcome to London . '