Forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets , the perfect pillow is the key to a good night 's sleep . On average , we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours -- or the equivalent of more than 100 days and nights -- per year , so it 's certainly worth getting the right one . And while once our choice was limited to feather or fibre , the shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows , and even one which is wired for sound . But which is a pain in the neck and which is a dream come true ? SUPER COOL . Buckwheat Hull Pillow , £ 22.99 , livingiseasy.co.uk . In Tudor times , buckwheat pillows were so prized that grandmothers handed them down to their grandchildren . My children are n't quite as easily pleased . When I showed them this thick , heavy pillow with an industrial-looking cotton cover , they were n't impressed . This feels like a giant , heavy beanbag and looks like a prop from Wolf Hall . Billed as the ultimate eco-pillow , it 's filled with the tiny husks which protect the kernel of the buckwheat grain . In summer , you can chill it in the fridge for a few hours to keep you cool throughout the night . It also soothes stiff muscles -- as the chill will reduce inflammation and help numb any pain . It does n't look impressive , but it shapes beautifully around my shoulders and neck . It makes a slight rustling as the tiny hulls shift , but I had a great night 's sleep . All I needed was Mark Rylance beside me , and my dream would have been complete . 4/5 . MARRIAGE SAVERS . Reversible Foam Pillow , £ 35 , marksandspencer.com . I 've had some spectacular rows over pillows . My husband , Ray , likes a firmer pillow , while I like a lovely soft one , but I hate buying different types as we inevitably get them mixed up and we both have a bad night . Can m & s solve the dilemma with this unique two-sided pillow ? One side -- made from a very firm memory foam -- suits Ray perfectly , but is far too rigid for me . The other side , made from synthetic microfibre filling , is perfectly soft and squishy . At 6in thick , it 's a little higher than some we tried , but this clever pillow still gave me a good night 's sleep . We both woke up happy , and that 's good enough for me ! 4/5 . A SMELLY SNOOZE . Silent Night Febreze Pillow , £ 9.99 , argos.co.uk . I was hoping for the soft scent of lavender gently lulling me to sleep , but instead I got a rather sickly synthetic pong wafting up from the filling . Definitely more lavatory than lavender . The lightweight pillow made of polyester did n't improve my sleep any more than any other ones I tried . Synthetic fillings are the most popular type of pillows in the UK , because they are cheap . But let 's face it , if I wanted the scent of Febreze at bedtime , I 'd be better off spraying Ray as he lay beside me snoring . At 3.5 in thick , it is soft but offers little support , and I woke feeling uncomfortable and grumpy . 1/5 . SO SOFT ... AND CHEAP ! Lidl Microfibre Pillows , £ 3.49 , Lidl . Budget pillows tend to be thin , bounce-free and crackling with static electricity . So I was delighted to find these bargain-basement microfibre-filled pillows are generously stuffed and incredibly silky to touch . Because they are filled with bundles of ultra-fine synthetic fibre , the pillows are wonderfully soft . My 16-year-old daughter , Ruby , the fussiest sleeper since the princess and the pea , declared it the best pillow she had ever tried . A similar synthetic pillow from John Lewis would set me back £ 35 , which makes this -- at under a fiver -- a total winner . Synthetic pillows have the shortest lifespan of all -- from six months to two years before they flatten or fall out of shape -- but at this price , who cares . This pillow is just under 4in thick , but flattens due to the synthetic filling , so if you prefer height you 'll need two . 5/5 . WHEEZE-FREE SLEEP . Sleepangel Memory Foam Filter Pillow , £ 59 , sleepangelworld.com . More dust mites live in the bedroom than anywhere else in the house -- and they make a beeline for warm bedding . This anti-allergy pillow contains a four-layer filter designed to block germs , bacteria , mould and allergens . The waterproof , wipe-clean cover is heat-sealed , with no seams or needle marks to let in germs . It sounds impressive , but to test the effectiveness I used a pillow for three months before sending it to an independent laboratory . Scientists took samples of the foam filling and confirmed it was completely free of any nasties . With a 13-year-old son who suffers from asthma -- a condition often triggered by mould and dust mites -- this was reassuring . It is 3.5 in thick , with little give thanks to the memory foam filling . The price tag is hefty , but totally worth it for a wheeze-free son . I 've passed this on to Charlie for an unbroken night of sleep . 4/5 . MUSIC TO MY EARS . Sound Asleep Pillow , £ 17.99 firebox.com . Since my three children became teenagers , the task of persuading them to go to bed at night has become my worst nightmare . Could this high-tech pillow -- wired for sound as they plug in their iPods to the external lead which connects to a speaker hidden inside -- work miracles ? Certainly , it 's the only time I 've ever seen them excited about going to bed , and I was stunned to see my son Archie jump in before I 'd issued a single threat . But the sort of music I hear thumping out of his pillow minutes later is n't exactly restful ! Luckily , the pillow muffles the sound for the rest of us . The pillow is not very thick -LRB- at 3in deep -RRB- or supportive . A winner for anyone aged 13-19 and for parents who are desperate for peace and quiet ! 3/5 . THE GOLDEN GOOSE . Hungarian Goose Down Pillow , £ 88 For Two , soakandsleep.com . Down pillows are the softest and most luxurious type available and often come with a price tag to match . These ones are made by a small family firm in Hungary . The filling is washed in thermal spring water -- so there are no nasty chemicals involved . Each pillow is double-stitched for strength and edged with gold piping for luxury you 've never seen outside a five-star hotel . No wonder these pillows have amassed their own online following -- as well as demand from top hotels around the world . Feels like sleeping on a giant marshmallow -- it really is a luxury treat . Just one sumptuous pillow , measuring 5in thick -- was enough for a perfect night 's sleep . 5/5 . LIKE SLEEPING ON A SPACE HOPPER . Mediflow Waterbase Pillow , £ 39.99 , amazon.co.uk . Water pillows are fast becoming a trend -- to keep cool or help sore necks and shoulders . They contain a pouch that you fill with water by opening the rubber seal , and pouring your water in . This means you can actually choose the height of your own pillow , depending on how you sleep best . My first attempt at filling it goes wrong . I pour so much water inside that it feels like I 'm sleeping on a Space Hopper . A thermal insulator keeps the water cool , while an anti-allergy cushion of polyester fibres surround the inner water chamber , making it look and feel like any other pillow . The first night did n't go well , as my neck felt too high . But I simply let water out the next day , taking the pillow from 5in thick to 3in , and I slept like a baby . 3/5 . WOOLLY WONDER . Fogarty Wool Pillow , £ 24.99 , dunelm-mill.com . Wool is nature 's best temperature regulator -- staying cool in summer and warm in winter . But can a pillow stuffed with wiry wool instead of lovely bouncy feathers offer as much comfort ? The answer is yes . As I sink into the warm pillow I feel instantly comforted . Wool naturally absorbs moisture and scientists say the average sleeper gives off nearly a pint of water vapour . If you suffer from menopausal night sweats , this can rise to well over that . Once absorbed , the moisture quickly evaporates from the porous wool cells , so what looks like a normal pillow is actually a natural air conditioning unit . at 3in thick , this pillow is thinner and has less give , but it supported my sore neck -- strained as I walked the dog -- well . I slept well and woke feeling cool and refreshed . 3/5 .