There 's no doubt that Mesut Ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits . But when he 's at his best he is worth paying to watch . I 'd much rather see a quality player do something special than a bunch of grafters with nothing to show for it . Against Liverpool , Ozil was at his brilliant best in a massive game . You do n't become a Real Madrid hero or win the World Cup without being something special . Ozil is just that . Mesut Ozil wheels away to celebrate after his brilliant first half free-kick against Liverpool . Ozil is congratulated by his team-mates during Arsenal 's impressive 4-1 victory on Saturday afternoon . 7 - Ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games , scoring three and setting up four . 241.9 - The German sets up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the PL , the seventh-best tally in the competition 's history . 47 - Ozil only played for 73 minutes against Liverpool , but made 47 passes in the opposition half , more than any other player . When things do n't come off for the German , people are quick to criticise . We do that too much in this country -- looking at what people ca n't do rather than what they can -- and it 's where we go wrong so often . No , Ozil does n't charge around like Alexis Sanchez so people say he does n't care . Just ask Liverpool if Ozil cared about the game on Saturday . People have been quick to criticise Ozil , but the German star is worth paying to watch when at his best . Hazard so cool when it counts . A few weeks ago I was talking to John Terry and we got round to discussing Eden Hazard . John told me that Hazard was the most relaxed player he had ever played with . He is so chilled out on and off the pitch but that 's exactly what Chelsea needed against Stoke . In a match where some of his team-mates looked overcome with fear , Hazard was playing a different game . He 's only 24 but the Belgian is already the man Chelsea seek out when they need something special . It was his desire and creativity that led to Loic Remy 's winner and that could be a defining result in their bid for the title . It 's premature to speak of him in the same breath as Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo -- Ronaldo added another five on Sunday to take his tally to 47 goals this season and Messi has 43 . Hazard has 17 , which is good , but those two are on another level . Hazard , at least , is moving in the right direction . Eden Hazard steps up to stroke home the opener for Chelsea from the penalty spot in the first half . Hazard jumps in the air to celebrate his goal during the hard-fought win over Stoke City in west London . Loic Remy finishes to put Chelsea back in front after another driving run for the little Belgian . It 's tough at Toon , even for the best ... It 's a good job Newcastle have already earned 35 points this season . If they had n't , they would be in serious trouble . But I do n't blame John Carver for one second . Even Jose Mourinho , Arsene Wenger and Louis van Gaal would struggle with this group of players . It just shows you what a good job Alan Pardew was doing . He won 26 of those 35 points at 1.4 per game . Since he left , Newcastle average 0.8 per game . They have declined badly . John Carver looks on as his Newcastle United team suffer a Tyne-Wear derby defeat against Sunderland . Against Sunderland , they were poor and the fans deserve better . They love a hero in the North East , but where is the stardust in that team right now ? As for Sunderland , that is such a big result for them and Dick Advocaat at the bottom . Jermain Defoe 's strike was absolutely fantastic and I ca n't remember the last time we had such a good weekend for great goals . Jermain Defoe -LRB- centre -RRB- fires a left-footed volley past Time Krul to give Sunderland a 1-0 lead . Defoe celebrates after his stunning volley put Sunderland into a 1-0 lead against Newcastle . City must be feeling the pressure . Who would have thought at the start of 2015 that Man City would be sitting fourth in the table ahead of their game on Monday night ? On January 1 , they were level on points at the top with Chelsea and had the same goal difference , too . Now Arsenal and Man United have overtaken them and they face a real fight just to finish second . That is not how the owners , players or manager will have expected things to go after winning the title last season and investing heavily in the summer . They need a result at Crystal Palace , but that is easier said than done these days . Manuel Pellegrini will be feeling the pressure as his Manchester City side sit in fourth place . Sergio Aguero and Co will know they must beat Crystal Palace on Monday night to stay in the title race . With Bony gone , Gomis is the star . At the start of the season , I picked out Bafetimbi Gomis as one to watch . As the weeks went by , I started to wonder if I 'd made a mistake . Not anymore . I watched him at Lyon and he 's always had something about him . He 's powerful and is built for the Premier League . He 's strong , you can play off him and he 's technically very good -- his two finishes against Hull were outstanding . When Wilfried Bony left , I feared for Swansea , but Gomis has come into his own . It shows how well that club is run . Even when they lose players like Bony or Joe Allen , they have already lined up quality replacements and the same goes for the managers . It 's good to see Gomis finally becoming the player I expected him to be . Bafetimbi Gomis unleashes a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time against Hull on Saturday . Gomis roars with celebration after giving Swansea a 2-0 lead against Hull at the Liberty Stadium . Herrera is raring to go . Much like Gomis , Ander Herrera was another in my ` 10 To Watch ' list . He had a difficult start and had to win over the trust of Louis van Gaal , but now he looks like he 's enjoying himself . Herrera is a good technician but he likes a tackle . I like that about him . At Anfield he was not afraid to take on Steven Gerrard after he saw Gerrard go through his pal Juan Mata . He does not fear reputations and stood up to Gerrard . The rest is history . I met him in a London restaurant and he was a bright kid who clearly loves life in England . He 's had to be patient , but now he 's starting to show his class . Manchester United star Ander Herrera -LRB- right -RRB- scores his side 's opening goal against Aston Villa . Herrera , who has played his way back into the United side , celebrates opening the scoring against Villa . 1 - Only once before has a Tony Pulis team conceded four goals at home in the Premier League -- when Chelsea beat Stoke 4-0 in January 2013 . Hope for Hoops . A few weeks ago in this column I said it was no time for Chris Ramsey to be playing the kids . At West Brom it was his most experienced men who gave him a result to savour . Scoring four goals away at a team managed by Tony Pulis is no mean feat . West Brom 's defence has improved under their new boss but QPR were terrific . It was a result and a performance to give them a glimmer of hope . With Leicester winning and others struggling , it makes things a whole lot more interesting in the battle at the bottom . QPR went 2-0 up thanks to Charlie Austin -LRB- right -RRB- and finished the first half with a 3-0 lead against West Brom . QPR boss Chris Ramsey will hope to lead his side out of the Premier League relegation zone .