A mother-of-two lost more than ten stone after she became concerned that her size was causing her to look like a man . Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3 lb . However , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10 lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions . Kim Callaghan became so worried that her weight was causing her to look like a man that she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight . Kim 's weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight . Before she slimmed down Kim 's wardrobe was limited to size 28 figure-hiding garments , and she was afraid she was losing her femininity . Kim who lives in Ardee , County Louth , Ireland , says she turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape . ` I only wore baggy trousers and flappy shirts when I was fat - I was trying to cover up my body because I was embarrassed . I stopped looking like a woman . ` Now I 've slimmed down and I feel confident enough to wear dresses again . I feel healthy and very feminine . ' Kim married her husband Sean Callaghan , 41 , in 1999 . After the pair got married they splashed out on a double deep-fat fryer . Kim piled on the pounds after giving birth to her two children , as she became heavier she worried that her husband Sean would not see her as the ` sexy ' woman he married . Before her weight loss Kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10 . The housewife 's diet consisted mainly of convenience foods like chicken kiev , deep-fried chicken , potato croquettes and burgers . She said : ` We loved pizza , chips and chicken kievs . The deep fat fryer was my favourite thing in the house . ' Soon after Kim gave birth to her children Owen , now 14 , and Shannon , 13 , and her weight gain accelerated . Eventually she tipped the scales at 20st 3 lb and says that she found it increasingly difficult to find clothes to suit her . The turning point came for Kim when she struggled to keep up with her children she now takes part in regular exercise including cycling around her local area . Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks . ` I tried to take pride in my appearance , but at that size it was impossible to find anything flattering , I ordered all my clothes from catalogues . ` Before long I had a wardrobe which could have been owned by a man . I had a signature cropped hairstyle and honestly looked nothing like a woman . I was worried that the the sexy , curvy bride which Sean had married had disappeared forever . ' The turning point came for Kim when she was out with her children on St Patrick 's Day in 2011 . She had to stop and rest after struggling to keep up . She said : ` I was trying to follow the kids up a hill near our home . I was hot and sweaty and I had to stop to catch my breath . ` My weight was getting in the way of my life with my kids - I knew it was time to change . ` When I got home that night I found a Slimming World leaflet had been posted through my door . I thought it was a sign . ' Kim started attending her local Slimming World classes in secret and was initially embarrassed to admit she was trying to lose weight . She said : ` It took all my courage to go to the meetings - I was convinced everyone would judge me . Kim feels far more feminine now that she is not limited to catalogue clothing . ` Three weeks later I 'd shed a stone and I celebrated by telling my husband and the kids . They were all very supportive and amazed at what I had done . ' In a bid to make a dramatic change she swapped greasy fried foods for healthy meals cooked from scratch . Kim even threw out her double deep-fat-fryer . The devoted slimmer also started running and cycling - and the pounds started to fall off . Soon she had slimmed down to the slinky 9st 10 lb she is today and ditched her baggy unflattering clothes for good . She said : ` I love being able to go into shops and have everything fit me . I do n't need to order from catalogues any more . ` I feel fantastic and I look great . I have a new life now . ' Breakfast : Nothing . Lunch : Fry-up with four slices of buttered bread . Dinner : Chicken Kiev with potato croquettes and chips . Snacks : Crisps . Breakfast : Porridge with berries . Lunch : Scrambled eggs with ham and mushrooms . Dinner : Chicken stir-fry . Snacks : Throughout the day she snacks on yoghurt and fresh fruit .