A prisoner who helped stab a man in a random attack has been posting photographs of himself posing in his cell on Facebook - just a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail . Royston Coates , who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding , boasted about watching TV from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures . He also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons . It is the second such incident to emerge within two days , after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online . Scroll down for video . Jail : Prisoner Royston Coates has posted a string of photographs from inside his jail cell . Inmates : Coates posed up alongside another prisoner in one of the photos on Facebook . Prison authorities have now shut down the criminal 's Facebook account after being alerted to the messages he has posted . Over the past six months , Coates has repeatedly sent out messages to his 300 Facebook friends updating them about his life inside jail . His messages reveal that he has been allowed to watch popular TV shows such as The X Factor and The Only Way Is Essex , as well as an England football match . Photographs taken last month show that he has a television set and DVD player in his cell , with the walls covered in photographs . Facilities : Coates 's cell has a television and DVD player , and is covered in photographs . Mugshot : Coates was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2013 for attacking a man . In one of the first posts , from last October , Coates joked : ` Go out or stay in ? Hmmmmmm . ' In another message , he claimed he was ` glad I am locked away ' so he would n't have to mix with other people in his home town of Macclesfield , Cheshire . A spokesman for the Prison Service said they were investigating the matter , and had asked Facebook to close the page . Coates was jailed in October 2013 alongside his friend Hayden Whittaker after he admitted helping to stab a man with a kitchen knife . He held the victim down while Whittaker knifed him , shortly after the pair had failed to get in to a block of flats where they were trying to sell drugs . Killer : Dashem Tesfamichael , 30 , who was jailed for stabbing a young father , has been filmed partying behind bars , it emerged yesterday . Coates later boasted about what he had gone , sending a text message to friends in which he said ` I put the gun to his head . ' The victim suffered a collapsed lung following the savage attack . A prisons spokesman said : ` Anyone caught accessing social networking sites or instructing others to do so on their behalf will be subject to strict disciplinary action . ` No prisoner should be in any doubt that if they break the rules they will be stripped of privileges and may be reported to the police for further action , which may result in extra time being added to their sentence . ' It is not known which jail Coates is serving his sentence in . His photographs emerged just a day after a murderer was filmed partying to prison hooch and singing along to rap lyrics in a video shared on WhatsApp . Dashem Tesfamichael , 30 , who stabbed a young father to death in 2006 , clutched a glass of illegal alcohol in the clip , which also showed a large stash of party food . The footage was captured on a banned mobile phone before being sent out to friends of the prisoners involved .