A gel made from patients ' own blood could help heal burns more quickly - and stop wounds getting worse . The gel contains platelet-rich plasma -LRB- PRP -RRB- - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing . It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm -LRB- amounts vary depending on wound size , but typically no more than a couple of tablespoons -RRB- and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components . Blood is largely made up of a clear yellowish liquid , called plasma , but it also contains small , solid compounds - red cells , white cells and platelets . The platelets are important for clotting , but they also contain hundreds of proteins called growth factors that are important for healing . U.S. researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns . Spinning the blood leaves behind the plasma and the platelets but in higher concentration - up to ten times greater than usual . Platelet-rich plasma is sometimes used to treat tendon injuries and is also used in some cosmetic procedures that claim injecting it into the face can rejuvenate skin - nicknamed the ` vampire facelift ' . U.S. researchers are testing it as a dressing for burns . As well as boosting healing , it is thought the gel , known as Magellan Bio-Bandage , will act as a barrier against infection . The researchers also hope using platelet-rich plasma will address a common problem with burns , which is that they often continue to get worse hours or even days after the original injury . This can mean a burn that had initially caused damage to the outer layer of skin -LRB- the epidermis -RRB- and the underlying tissue containing the hair follicles and sweat glands and smaller blood vessels -LRB- dermis -RRB- can become a ` full-thickness ' burn . Platelet-rich plasma is sometimes used to treat tendon injuries and for cosmetic procedures . This is where there is damage to the third and final layer of skin - the subcutis , which contains larger blood vessels and nerves , and regulates the temperature of the skin and body . Full-thickness burns usually require extensive treatment , including skin grafts . It 's hoped the platelet-rich plasma will allow the wound to start to heal before it can deteriorate . The U.S. trial uses a new blood-spinning machine that is designed to be used at a patient 's bedside , collecting it in a syringe ready for immediate use as a gel . Previous research suggests that the high concentration of growth factors in the platelet-rich plasma helps stimulate growth of new blood vessels and skin tissue . It 's also suggested that it reduces pain , though it 's not clear why . For the latest study , at the University of Utah and other burns centres , about 40 patients will have up to 18 ml of the platelet-rich plasma -LRB- about three teaspoons -RRB- applied on to a partial-thickness burn within 72 hours of the initial injury . The quantities used may vary depending on the size of the injury . Commenting on the treatment , Dr Bav Shergill , consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital , East Grinstead , said : ` This is emerging technology that is causing a great deal of excitement . Platelet-rich plasma is already being used by orthopaedic surgeons with some amazing successes . ` We are all looking for a method to collect and purify a high concentration of these effective molecules to improve repair in skin disorders . I look forward to large-scale trials of PRP showing similar results . ' Meanwhile , a combination of platelet-rich plasma and stem cells is being tested as a treatment for knee arthritis . Researchers at the Post Graduate Institute of Medicine in Chandigarh , India , believe injections of both substances will help regenerate worn-out cartilage , the tissues that cushions the joint . Stem cells have the ability to turn into different cell types . About 40 patients will be given injections of either stem cells and platelet-rich plasma or just platelet-rich plasma and the results compared .