The parents of Elijah Cook were worried he may be born deaf . Hearing problems had run strongly through the genetics of Ahavah and Jason Cook , with both their mothers and fathers deaf . But after the baby boy was confirmed to be profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right , the couple from Andova , Minnesota , were afforded something neither of their parents were . Last month , they were able to experience the moment their son was able to hear for the first time , thanks to a pair of specially-fitted hearing aids . Amazing moment : Elijah Cook was last month fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to properly hear the voice of his mother , Ahavah Cook , for the first time . All smiles : Tests confirmed he was profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right , but doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids as soon as possible . What 's that noise ? : Elijah will now undergone a more serious set of tests in a few months , at about seven-months-old , to determine what more can be done about his hearing . Elijah failed his first hearing test just 12 hours after being born in Coon Rapids on January 2 . ` When Elijah came back -LRB- from the first test -RRB- , we were expecting good news because we have almost a dozen nieces and nephews that have no hearing issues , ' Mrs Cook wrote on the Children 's Hospitals and Clinics of Minnesota website . Elijah went on to fail three more tests . Then on March 5 , at nine-weeks-old , he was fitting with the hearing aids , and the amazing moment was caught on video . ` The first time I saw him blink , I had a lot of emotions , ' Mrs Cook said . ` I was trying really hard not to cry . ` I did n't want him to see me cry . I was trying hard to keep it together and just talk to him . ' Family : Ahavah and Jason Cook are pictured here with little Elijah and their eldest , daughter Evelyn , 7 . Progress : The mothers and fathers of both Ahavah and Jason Cook were all deaf , so the couple were expecting hearing problems following the birth of their son , Elijah -LRB- right -RRB- . Since then , Elijah has been cooing , smiling and responding to the sounds made by his family , including big sister Evelyn , 7 . ` The cooing is the big thing , ' Mr Cook said . ` He was n't very talkative , but ever since he was fitted for his hearing aids he 's cooing more , he pays more attention . ' Because he is so young , doctors will wait a until Elijah is about seven months old to make further deductions about his hearing . Until then , his parents are happy with the progress and say their experience growing up in deaf families has well-equipped them for the road ahead . The touching family moment was first uploaded to YouTube . Fighter : Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and able to hear only 75 decibels in his right .