A senior Indonesian government official has praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . ABC News reports that Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran 's executioners for their work . ` All shots were done perfectly . These executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in January , ' he said . Scroll down for video . Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo -LRB- right -RRB- applauded Chan and Sukumaran 's executioners for the good job that they did . Mr Prasetyo -LRB- second right -RRB- said that ` all the shots were done perfectly ' at the execution . The Indonesian attorney-general believed that Wednesday morning 's execution was much better than one carried out in January . Mr Prasetyo declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country , as he dismissed Australia 's withdrawal of its ambassador as a ` momentary reaction ' . He visited Nusakambangan on Wednesday , hours after Bali Nine pair were executed with other drug offenders . ` I would like to say that an execution is not a pleasant thing . It is not a fun job , ' he said . ` But we must do it in order to save the nation from the danger of drugs . We are not making enemies of counties from where those executed came . What we are fighting against is drug-related crimes . Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan . Indonesian president Joko Widodo failed to return Australian PM Tony Abbott 's phone calls about the Bali Nine in March . ` Therefore , I would like to offer my condolences , on the execution of those who were on the death row , to their families , to their home countries . ` Once again , we are not against the countries , but we are fighting a war against the horrible drug crimes that threaten our nation 's survival . ' Mr Prasetyo shrugged off diplomatic backlash from Australia after Prime Minister Tony Abbott slammed the executions as ` cruel and unnecessary ' and announced he would withdraw Australia 's ambassador to Indonesia Paul Grigson . ` The Netherlands have done the same thing in the past . Brazil has done the same thing , ' he said . ` I think this is just a momentary reaction , and this will be settled within the diplomatic sphere . ' Indonesia 's Vice President Jusuf Kalla said withdrawing an ambassador was a normal diplomatic protest . ` Within a month or two , they will come back . That 's the signal of protest , we did that too , ' he said , referring to the time Indonesia withdrew its ambassador to Australia in 2013 over a phone tapping scandal . Prasetyo said the executions would serve as a warning to others . ` This is a warning for others , do n't even try to commit these drug crimes , to think a thousand times , that Indonesia will be strict , will be harsh on drug crimes , ' he told reporters in Cilacap . ` The result of the second execution was better , more orderly and more perfect than the last , ' he said , referring to executions carried out in January and noting the bodies were treated more ` humanely ' this time . Indonesia 's President Joko Widodo raised his nation 's sovereignty when asked about Australia withdrawing its ambassador . ` Our sovereignty must be respected , ' he told reporters . Rest in peace : Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- foreground -RRB- and Andrew Chan -LRB- back -RRB- were executed . ` We 're ready to respect the sovereignty of other countries as well . ' Mr Abbott announced Australia 's unprecedented diplomatic response on Wednesday morning , just hours after the Bali Nine duo were put to death despite pleas for their deaths to be reconsidered . ` Australia respects the Indonesian system , we respect Indonesia 's sovereignty but we do deplore what 's been done and this can not simply be business as usual , ' Mr Abbott said . ` For that reason once all the courtesies have been extended to the Chan and Sukumaran families our ambassador will be withdrawn for consultations . ' Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said Australian consular officials in Indonesia will arrange for the men 's bodies to be repatriated to Australia , ensuring that they are treated with ` appropriate dignity and respect ' . ` And I expect to be able to discuss further aspects of our relationship with Indonesia when our ambassador Paul Grigson returns to Australia at the end of this week , ' Ms Bishop said . The consul general Majel Hind will formally identify the bodies . Ms Bishop has n't ruled out cutting Australian aid to Indonesia in protest over the executions of Chan and Sukumaran . Australia 's ambassador to Indonesia Paul Grigson will return to Australia at the end of this week . Foreign Minister Julie Bishop -LRB- left -RRB- said Australian consular officials in Indonesia will arrange for the men 's bodies to be repatriated to Australia , ensuring that they are treated with ` appropriate dignity and respect ' Australia gives Indonesia about $ 600 million in aid annually , and is its second largest international benefactor behind Japan . Asked if Australia would respond to the executions by reducing the aid budget , Ms Bishop said it was under different consideration to diplomatic actions such as recalling the ambassador . ` Any announcement to the aid budget will be made at budget time in early May , ' she told reporters in Canberra . Mr Abbott stressed that Australia has a ` very important ' relationship with Indonesia . ` But it has suffered as a result of what 's been done over the last few hours , ' he said . ` Whatever people think of the death penalty , whatever people think of drug crime , the fact is that these two families have suffered an appalling tragedy and I 'm sure that every Australian 's thoughts and prayers will be with those families at this time . ' The Prime Minister said he understood people 's anger at the executions , but said the government did not want to make a difficult situation worse . ` So I would say to people yes , you are absolutely entitled to be angry but we 've got to be very careful to ensure that we do not allow our anger to make a bad situation worse , ' he said . ` The relationship between Australia and Indonesia is important , remains important , will always be important , will become more important as time goes by . ` While this is a dark moment in the relationship I am confident that the relationship will be restored for the great benefit of both our countries . ' Opposition Leader Bill Shorten acknowledged Australians had the right to be outraged but rejected talk of boycotts . ` I do n't and we should n't hold ordinary or individual Indonesian people responsible , '' he said . ` What Australians need to do is campaign against the death penalty wherever it exists . ' Backlash begins : At 6 am AEST , hundreds of Twitter users were already pledging to ` boycott Indonesia ' Should Australia respect Indonesia 's decision to execute Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan ? Should Australia respect Indonesia 's decision to execute Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan ? Now share your opinion . The executions by firing squad occurred at 3:25 am AEST on Wednesday evening and came despite months of pressure from the Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop . Senior officials were already angered by a series of snubs from the Indonesians . President Widodo repeatedly refused to return Mr Abbott 's phone calls on the issue . Ms Bishop was also angered by the Indonesians ' decision to announce the executions were going ahead on Anzac Day , one of Australia 's most solemn days of remembrance . The Bali Nine duo 's families released a short statement on Wednesday morning . ` Today we lost Myuran and Andrew . Our sons , our brothers . In the 10 years since they were arrested , they did all they could to make amends , helping many others , ' it read . ` They asked for mercy , but there was none . They were immensely grateful for all the support they received . We too , will be forever grateful . ' Following the executions , Opposition Leader Bill Shorten said : ` Indonesia has not just robbed two young men of their lives but robbed itself of two examples of the strengths of its justice system . ' Other Labor MPs condemned the killings , with Opposition frontbencher Tony Burke saying ` Lives lost . Nothing gained ' and Federal Labor MP Anthony Albanese saying ` RIP Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran - a tragic loss of human life on a very sad day . ' Greens Leader Christine Milne said : ` The lives of these two Australians have been ended by firing squad at the direction of the Indonesian government . We in Australia must continue to advocate for an end to capital punishment . ' Stern words : Julie Bishop has pleaded for the Indonesian government not to execute Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran for months . Joko Widodo , the president of Indonesia , is widely regarded as weak . He has ignored international pressure to cease executions of foreign drug convicts . Immediately following the executions , parliamentary secretary Steven Ciobo tweeted : ` There are few greater displays of abuse of power and regressive thinking than the death penalty #RIP ' , tweeted . He was joined by western Sydney backbencher Fiona Scott , who said : ` The death penalty is barbaric and inhumane torture . Murder is murder . ' Brazil already recalled its ambassador in January when one of its citizens was executed by Indonesia . But Indonesia forged ahead with more executions overnight , killing six others - including a Frenchman - and shrugging off pressure from UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon . There is also the potential for other ramifications from Australia . Top human rights lawyer Geoffrey Robertson has suggested Australia could withdraw its $ 600 million of aid to Indonesia per year and redirect it to Nepal . ` Nepal needs it more , ' said Mr Robertson , who accused Indonesia of breaching international law in three instances . Ms Bishop and her Labor counterpart , Tanya Plibersek -LRB- right -RRB- , have been a united force in their opposition to the executions . In an interview with ABC 's 730 program on Tuesday evening , Ms Bishop refused to detail the consequences for the Indonesian government . ` I do n't intend to focus on the consequences , ' she said . ` But of course , should these executions proceed in the manner that I anticipate , of course there will be have to be consequences . I do n't want to go into the details . ' After months of pleading with the Indonesians - even offering a prisoner swap , paid by Australia - officials still worked on Mr Widodo until the last moment . Late on Tuesday evening , the Australian embassy in Jakarta circulated an extraordinary joint statement with the European Union and French government addressed to Mr Widodo . The statement said : ` It is not too late to change your mind . ' But with the exception of Filipino convict Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso - who was spared - Mr Widodo did not .