She 's been photographed hundreds of times and starred in magazines and TV advertisements but you wo n't have seen her face - until now . Emily Grimson , from Shopshire , is one of Britain 's most successful models yet it 's not her stunning face that 's her fortune - it 's her perfect hands . And the 25-year-old has only been modelling for a year but has already built a lucrative full-time career making up to £ 100 an hour . Professional model Emily , 25 , from Shropshire , gets paid £ 100 an hour - but it 's unlikely you 've seen her face . Professional hand model Emily , has appeared everywhere from television screens to magazine ads . She 's on course to become a hand supermodel after her high-earning hands featured in product videos for Bosch , adverts on the Disney Channel and advertorials in the Sunday Times Style magazine . Not one to put her assets at risk , Emily , a former beauty writer , moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best . Emily said : ` I used to write the beauty pages for a bridal magazine but everyone would mention how lovely my hands are . ` I started hand modelling around about May last year and have been doing it full time since autumn . ` Work can vary ; sometimes I work for one client for a couple of weeks , sometimes I do odd days here and there for various different brands and products - no week or month is the same . ` I love it , you can make anything from £ 100 a day to £ 100 an hour , and if you film a commercial , you may even be paid a buyout fee . ' The stunning brunette has only been modelling for a year but has already built a lucrative full-time career . She moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best . She exfoliates them once a week and always wears a strengthener to keep her nails from snapping . Emily used to write the beauty pages for a magazine but everyone would mention how lovely her hands are . Emily , who is signed with BMA Models , was encouraged to give hand modelling a shot after a nail technician complimented her hands while giving her a manicure . Since signing up for the modelling agency last year she has posed with everything from designer bags to electrical appliances , and always goes to great lengths to protect her hands . Emily said : ` I do have a strict routine to keep my hands looking their best . ` I moisturise them about ten times a day and always use SPF to protect them , even when the sun is n't shining . ` I exfoliate them once a week and always wear a strengthener to keep my nails from snapping . ` Sometimes I ask other people to open bottles or packets for me when I have a big job coming up as I do n't want to risk any scratches or breakages . ` Oh , and I wo n't let my boyfriend get a kitten , despite the fact that he loves them , as a manicurist on a job warned me they carry a major scratching risk . ' Since signing with BMA Models last year , her hands have starred in ads from designer bags to appliances . Emily says the money can be really good . if you film a commercial , you may even be paid a buyout fee . She started hand modelling around about May last year and has been doing it full time since autumn .