A Georgia man who went missing in early January and was discovered dead in a lake a month later suffered a gunshot wound and drowned , it has been revealed . Kelly Nash , 25 , was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing , and told his girlfriend , Jessica Sexton , he was not feeling well . By the time Sexton got up at 7.30 am , the man was gone . He left the house without his wallet , ID card or the keys to his truck . Sad end : Kelly Nash -LRB- left -RRB- , 25 , went missing from his Georgia home January 5 . Following an exhaustive search , he was found drowned in a lake a month later . Last sighting : Nash 's girlfriend , Jessica Sexton -LRB- right -RRB- , last spoke to him hours before he went missing when he awakened in the middle of the night coughing and sneezing . Grisly find : A fisherman came upon Kelly Nash 's decomposed body in Lake Lanier in early February . WSB-TV reported the only thing missing from Nash 's home was a 9 mm handgun with a single clip . On February 8 , a man fishing at Lake Lanier discovered Kelly Nash 's badly decomposed . The gruesome find came after a month-long exhaustive search conducted by the missing man 's family and friends accompanied by cadaver dogs . A $ 50,000 reward was being offered for information on Nash 's whereabouts . Nash was discovered in the water wearing the same pajama pants and dark shirt he had on when he stopped by a convenience store to pick up some items just hours before he went missing . Sexton , his girlfriend of three years , said she had seen the 25-year-old play video games before they turned in . At 4 am , he awakened suffering from cold or flu symptoms , and sometime before 7.30 am he walked out of his home on Jimmy Dodd Road , never to return , reported 11Alive . 'Cause of death ' : The 25-year-old suffered a gunshot wound and drowned , according to officials . What went wrong ? Nash , pictured left with his husky dog and right with his girlfriend , left the house without his wallet , car keys or ID . The only thing missing from Nash 's home was a 9 mm handgun . Results pending : Officials are awaiting he official report from the medical examiner before releasing the cause and manner of death . The tattoos on the body of the 6-foot-2 former college basketball player helped police positively identify the victim as Nash , but because of the deteriorated state of the corpse officials did not immediately observe any signs of trauma . Hall County sheriff 's officials declined to comment on whether foul play is now suspected in the case . They 're awaiting the official report from the medical examiner before releasing the cause and manner of death . ` We do feel that he went into the water in close proximity to where he was found , ' said Hall County Sheriff 's Deputy Nicole Bailes . According to his family , Nash was about to graduate with a degree in accounting from Georgia Gwinnett College , and he was also employed at his father Alan 's construction company , reported NBC News . So much to live for : Nash was about to graduate with a degree in accounting from Georgia Gwinnett College .