The father one of one three children who were tragically killed in Palm Bay , Florida , in March has spoken out about the kids he cared for and loved . Seven-year-old Lacey McCarty , six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother , Jessica McCarty , in a botched murder-suicide . Christopher Swist - father of the five-month-old and the man who was dating Jessica McCarty just before the alleged killings - had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball . Scroll down for video . Jessica McCarty , pictured with her partner Chris Swist , daughter Lacey McCarty -LRB- right -RRB- and sons Philip McCarty -LRB- center -RRB- and Christopher Swist -LRB- in her arms -RRB- , called the police on herself . McCarty was arrested on March 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident . Investigators say she left a note behind at the scene saying she was ` sorry for what she had to do ' Just 24 hours before their death , he took pictures of the two oldest children at their latest game , and both looked happy as ever , Swist said . ` The kids loved everything about Little League , ' Swist told People . ` The past two years , we watched the Little League World Series on ESPN . Our families were always at all the games . ' Their love of the sport was so strong that Palm Bay City Council has renamed a little league field in their town ` Angels ' Field ' in memory of the children . Swist said that he had a great bond with the children , calling Lacey ` Chick ' , Christopher ` Toe Toe ' and Phillip ` Smash ' . As he comes to terms with the tragic deaths of the three kids he loved so much , Swist has created a non-profit organization titled 3 Angels Ball For All , in hopes of helping disadvantaged youth play organizational sports . Jessica McCarty still faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incidents that occurred on March 20 . McCarty 's partner , Christopher Swist , who she was reportedly on a break with at the time of the alleged murders , coached her two oldest children in little league baseball . Swist , who was only the father of the youngest slain child , said he had a close bond with all three children and gave them all nicknames to go by . Swist called seven-year-old Lacey -LRB- right picture , left -RRB- ` Chick ' , five-month-old Christopher -LRB- left -RRB- ` Toe Toe ' and six-year-old Phillip ` Smash ' -LRB- right -RRB- . Each nickname supposedly had a story behind it . McCarty was arrested after she called 911 and told police she 'd killed her children . Lacey and Philip were found unresponsive in the same room at the home and were pronounced dead that night . The mother strangled the infant and drowned and strangled the daughter , Palm Bay Police Chief Mark Renkens said , according to Florida Today . Police say none of the three children were shot or stabbed , but lacerations were found . Christopher Swist had been on life support at Florida Hospital for Children but lost his fight for life in the days following the attack . ` Our hearts go out to the friends and family who have lost children in such a horrific manner . The fathers of these helpless , innocent children struggling is simply gut wrenching , ' said acting Palm Bay Police Chief Mark Renkens said after the incident . According to Renkens , there had recently been a break in the relationship between McCarty and Swist . Lacey and Phillip where pronounced dead shortly after they were found unresponsive . Christopher held on for a couple days before dying at the hospital . McCarty was arrested after calling 911 on herself and telling the police she had killed her three children . When Swist arrived on scene - after McCarty had sent him photos of blood throughout the house - and found the children unresponsive . He then called the police . Investigators said McCarty sent photos to Swist of blood throughout the house . Swist arrived first at the scene and found his son unresponsive on his bed , police said . Police said they found a journal in the driveway of the home that was addressed ` To my family , ' which indicated that McCarty was sorry for what she ` had to do . ' There was also another page addressed to Christopher 's father , asking him to keep her son 's name alive , police said . In a mugshot provided by the local jail , the troubled mother appeared in a suicide-prevention vest with bandages covering her recently-slashed wrists - her mouth agape . The motive for the tragic attempted murder-suicide has not been revealed . However , McCarty did have a troubled history and in 2009 was investigated by the DCF for possible child neglect . The agency recommended McCarty to mental health counseling after that investigation , according to public records . Phillip McCarty -LRB- left -RRB- was the father of the Phillip and Lacey , the two older children McCarty is believed to have killed on March 20 . McCarty and Swist had one child together - five-month-old Christopher . Police said they were on a break at the time of the incident . She has also been arrested on charges of forgery , shoplifting , and prescription drug abuse . Police were first called to the family 's residence just before 6 pm , when McCarty called 911 to say her three children were dead and that she had cut her wrists . Swist also called police when he came home . Swist now has the comfort of his city 's support in mourning and remembering the three children he loved . ` All I have left is the memories that my children blessed me with , ' Swist told People . ` Those moments will forever be ours together . Those children touched so many lives in the community ; naming the field after them is a great way to help keep those memories alive . ' And he knows he has to push on and have the strength to hold his memories close . ` I do n't think you ever heal from this , ' Swist told Space Coast Daily . He added : ` The best we can do is survive . The way we survive is we all stand together as one family . ` As far as you guys even thinking about naming the field , that really means a lot to us . We just ca n't say enough . We miss our kids . We miss our kids . ' Though Phillip and Lacey were not Swist 's biological children , he cared for and loved them both . He claims that the children ` touched so many lives in the community ' of Palm Bay .