Traitor Edward Snowden has revealed he did not read all the top-secret intelligence documents he leaked -- a move which put lives at risk from terrorists . In a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency . The former US spy also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda . Scroll down for video . Last Week Tonight host John Oliver flew to Moscow to grill Edward Snowden about the leaking of ` harmful ' documents and asks him to explain why he did it . But in an outburst of arrogance , Snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a ` fundamental ' price of liberty . The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 -- less than a month after the murder of Lee Rigby by Islamic extremists -- when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents . He leaked information about attempts by spying agencies including GCHQ and the NSA to view citizens ' private information , claiming internet history , emails , text messages , calls and passwords were harvested . But security chiefs have warned that secret techniques , revealed by Snowden 's leaks to the Guardian newspaper , have made it easier for terrorists and organised criminals to avoid detection . Last month , Home Secretary Theresa May attacked the harm done by the traitor -- now one of the world 's most wanted men . Terror experts said lives were being lost because he had hampered security service operations . They warned that extremists had altered their tactics after he leaked details from intelligence agencies -- with fatal results . In Sunday night 's interview with British TV host John Oliver , for US channel HBO , Snowden pointedly avoided saying he had read every document he handed over to journalists . At one point the British comedian asks Snowden whether he had read all of the documents he sent to journalists . The whistleblower said he had an ` understanding ' of their content . He would only say : ` I 've evaluated all of the documents that are in the archive . ' Pressed , he added : ` I do understand what I turned over . ' But he acknowledged ` recognising the concern ' over whether he knew enough about the contents of the files or the abilities of reporters to protect classified details . Snowden admitted there had been a ` f *** - up ' with the way in which some of the information about the NSA and GCHQ , Britain 's intelligence agency , had been released . Last year , the New York Times published a slide containing the name of the NSA employee who prepared it . The target of the surveillance was also identified as Al Qaeda in Mosul , Iraq . Snowden said such details should have been removed and , in a feeble attempt to defend his actions , added : ` In journalism we have to accept that some mistakes will be made . This is a fundamental concept of liberty . ' Unconvinced , Mr Oliver replied : ` You 're giving documents with information that you know could be harmful which could get out there ... We 're not even talking about bad faith , we 're talking about incompetence . ' Oliver tries to get Snowden to explain the leak in the context of nude pictures . The ex-CIA systems administrator claims the government can see most of the pictures you share . It is one of the few occasions in which Snowden has been put on the spot over his treachery as he normally speaks only to Left-wing media who have published his leaks . Lord West , a former First Sea Lord and security minister , said : ` Since the revelations of the traitor Snowden , terrorist groups have changed how they communicate and talk to each other . ` His actions have made us all less safe . No doubt people will die who would not have died had he not been so irresponsible . ' Robin Simcox , of the Henry Jackson Society security think-tank , said : ` This is exactly the danger that those who believe Snowden 's actions were hugely irresponsible -- and potentially fatal -- warned of . ` This interview seemed to show how little Snowden had thought about the potentially deadly consequences . Snowden stole a huge amount of sensitive documents and as a result terrorists and other serious criminals have adapted their methods accordingly . ' Snowden handed an estimated 200,000 of the 1.7 million stolen classified documents to journalists . In June 2013 , he told the Guardian : ` I carefully evaluated every single document I disclosed to ensure that each was legitimately in the public interest . ' This is a transcript of Snowden 's interview : . John Oliver : How many of those documents have you actually read ? Edward Snowden : I 've evaluated all of the documents that are in the archive . Oliver : You 've read every single one ? Snowden : I do understand what I turned over . ` These things happen ' : Edward Snowden , above , during his television interview . Oliver : There 's a difference between understanding what 's in the documents and reading what 's in the documents . Snowden : I recognize the concern . Oliver -LRB- cuts in sarcastically -RRB- : Right , because when you 're handing over thousands of NSA documents , the last thing you want to do is read them . -LRB- laughter -RRB- . Snowden : I think it 's fair to be concerned -- did this person do enough , were they careful enough ? Oliver -LRB- cuts in -RRB- : Especially when you 're handling material like we know you 're handling . Snowden : In my defence I 'm not handling anything any more . That 's been passed to the journalists and they 're using extraordinary security measures to make sure this is being reported in the most responsible way . Asking the Questions : John Oliver . Oliver : But those are journalists with a lower technical skill set than you . Snowden : That 's true but they do understand like you and I do just how important it is to get this right . Oliver : The New York Times took a slide , it did n't redact it properly and in the end it was possible to see that something was being used in Mosul on Al Qaeda . Snowden : That is a problem . Oliver : Well , that 's a **** - up . Snowden : It is a **** - up and these things do happen in reporting . In journalism we have to accept that some mistakes will be made . This is a fundamental concept of liberty . Oliver : Right , but you have to own that then . You 're giving documents with information that you know could be harmful which could get out there . Snowden : Yes , if people act in bad faith . Oliver -LRB- cuts in -RRB- : We 're not even talking about bad faith , we 're talking about incompetence . Snowden : We are , but you will never be completely free from risk if you 're free . The only time you can be free from risk is when you 're in prison . He added : ` There are all sorts of documents that would have made a big impact that I did n't turn over , because harming people is n't my goal . ' A report by the Henry Jackson Society last month revealed terror suspects were using human couriers instead of email and phones following the leaks by Snowden . Daily operations of British spies have been damaged , with Islamic State seizing on the information -- making it harder to track down its operatives . Al Qaeda militants are known to have changed communication methods to avoid detection , and have produced a video advising fellow extremists on the matter . GCHQ has lost track of some of Britain 's most dangerous criminals because of the way Snowden exposed its operations . Officials had to stop monitoring drug gangs , paedophiles , human traffickers and money launderers . The agency has also been forced to tone down or abandon surveillance amid fears the tactics are too easy to spot and could force criminals to fall off the radar . Mrs May told the Commons home affairs committee that the leaks ` did cause damage ' , adding : ` It has had an impact on the ability of our agencies to do the work they need to do . ' Snowden , who was a computer specialist at an intelligence centre in Hawaii , tricked colleagues into handing over passwords so he could copy files in one of the biggest leaks in US history . He claims he had to act because the US government 's policies were a ` threat to democracy ' . He fled to Hong Kong , then Russia , where he was granted asylum and now lives in a secret location . A Guardian spokesman said the newspaper had ` nothing to add ' in response to Snowden saying he had ` evaluated ' the documents and whether this had put people at risk . How the Guardian changed headline to protect its favourite ` whistleblower ' The Left-wing Guardian newspaper climbed into bed with Edward Snowden when he leaked the top-secret intelligence documents , publishing a string of damaging stories . And yesterday it was still giving the so-called whistleblower an easy ride when reporting on his clash with TV host John Oliver on his US show Last Week Tonight . The initial story on the Guardian website focused on the sensational revelation that Snowden had apparently not read all the documents . The headline stated : ` Edward Snowden tells John Oliver he did not read all leaked NSA material . ' It added : ` The whistleblower admits his actions carried dangers . ' But within hours it had toned down the headline so it focused less on his irresponsibility and incompetence . It was changed to : ` John Oliver presses Edward Snowden on whether he read all leaked NSA material . ' The sub-heading was amended , to the softer : ` HBO host posts uncomfortable questions to NSA whistleblower in interview in Moscow . ' A Guardian spokesman said the headline was changed because ` an earlier version stated that Edward Snowden admitted he had not read all the NSA documents he leaked . In fact he did not answer that question ' . The first Guardian website story ... and the later toned down version .