Breathtaking scenery , beautiful castles and that signature Scottish hospitality . These are just some of the reasons that Scotland has recently been named the most popular wedding destination in the UK , according to a survey by the country 's tourist board . And as local tennis hero , Andy Murray , prepares to marry his sweetheart Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday , interest in the country is at an all time high . The tennis star will wed Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane , north of Stirling , on April 11 . VisitScotland promotes country as the ideal wedding destination , in light of Andy Murray 's upcoming nuptuals . In fact , last year , a quarter -LRB- 24 per cent -RRB- of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside of the country . And the allure of the picturesque countryside and unusual Scottish wedding traditions has also had a serious economic impact on the region , with the wedding tourism industry bringing in £ 80 million last year alone . A recent survey has found that Scotland held 5.54 marriages per 1,000 - making it the most popular part of the UK in which to tie the knot . Southwest England was a close second however , boasting 5.40 per 1,000 . The pair will tie the knot at the Dunblane Cathedral , a beautiful medieval church in central Scotland . However , the most popular wedding destination in the country is the council area of Dumfries and Galloway . Gretna Green , Dumfries and Galloway . The council area of Dumfries and Galloway , in the southwest of the country , was the most popular , thanks in large part to Gretna Green . The village , historically one of the first in Scotland , is famous for its runaway weddings , which began in 1754 during the time of Lord Hardwicke 's Marriage Act . Such popularity can be attributed in large part to Gretna Green , a town famous for its ` runaway weddings ' Today , it remains one of the world 's most popular wedding destinations , playing host to 5,000 weddings each year . And it 's popular among Scots as well , with one in six opting to get hitched in the romantic locale . Argyll and Bute is the second most popular area for weddings in Scotland and is home to Barcaldine Castle . Argyll and Bute . Another popular wedding destination , Argyll and Bute is home to 11.21 marriages per 1,000 in Scotland . Not only is the area known for its stunning scenery , but it 's also conveniently located less than two hours north of Glasgow . With plenty of stunning castles littering the countryside , couples are undoubtedly spoiled for choice when it comes to picking a venue , with Barcaldine Castle a popular option . On the coast of the Firth of Clyde , the Culzean Castle in South Ayrshire is a beloved wedding site . South Ayrshire . Slightly further north than Dumfries and Galloway , on the coast of the Firth of Clyde , is the beautiful South Ayrshire council . Rich in historical significance , the area is also known to be the birthplace of Robert Burns - and couples even have the option to get married at the Scot 's birthplace museum . Other popular venues include the opulent Culzean Castle , the gorgeous crumbling ruins of the Dundonald Castle , and the sprawling grounds of the Enterkine House Hotel . A-listers have long favoured Scotland for the big day , with Jennifer Connelly marrying in East Lothian in 2003 . 1 . Dumfries and Galloway . 2 . Argyll and Bute . 3 . South Ayrshire . 4 . Perth and Kinross . 5 . Highland . 6 . Stirling . 7 . Edinburgh . 8 . East Lothian . 9 . North Ayrshire . 10 . Scottish Borders . According to a VisitScotland report , those who choose Scotland for their wedding usually fall into one of four groups : those with Scottish roots ; those who want to get away from it all ; those with a university or childhood connection to the area ; and those inspired by the romance and celebrity appeal of Scotland , such as Andy Murray selecting the country for his high-profile affair . And the tennis star is keeping good celebrity company . Other A-listers who have opted to marry in Scotland include Madonna and Guy Ritchie , who wed at the Skibo Castle in 2000 . Actress Jennifer Connelly married Paul Bettany at Gilmerton House in East Lothian , Scotland , in 2003 . And daughter of Paul McCartney and fashion designer to the stars , Stella McCartney , opted to tie the knot at Mount Stuart in the summer of the same year . Fashion designer Stella McCartney wed at Mount Stuart on the Isle of Bute in Scotland in summer 2003 . Tourist weddings in Scotland tend to be a bit more expensive than those in other parts of the UK , although the average number of guests is generally smaller . Couples tend to stay in Scotland for six nights around their wedding date and make several weekend trips in advance of the big day to make arrangements . ` Put simply , Scotland is one of the most beautiful places in the world in which to get married , ' explained Mike Cantlay , Chairman of VisitScotland . ` From the splendour and magnificence of our castles and historic homes , to the wild romantic nature of our lochs , mountains , islands and coastlines , there is a uniqueness and magic to having your big day on Scottish soil . '