Eight-month-old puppy Silver was banned from getting close to the Prime Minister today after he was bizarrely deemed a security risk . David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in Cheltenham to outline Tory plans for inheritance tax . But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the Conservative Party leader . Eight-month-old puppy Silver was banned from getting close to the Prime Minister today after he was bizarrely deemed a security risk . Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house in Cheltenham where Mr Cameron was giving his speech . Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house where Mr Cameron was giving his speech . Along with a group of other passersby Mrs Styler , 49 , waited to speak to Mr Cameron . But shortly before he emerged from the building she was told that she would only be allowed to speak to the Prime Minister without her dog present . A Tory aide took the dog from her and walked him over to the other side of the road to what was deemed a safe distance from the Prime Minister . Mr Cameron chatted briefly to the group and commented on how sunny it was before leaving in his car . As Silver was returned to Mrs Styler , the aide told her : ` The Prime Minister loves dogs , but it was just for security . ' Mrs Styler , who is the head of polo at Cheltenham College , took the ban on her dog meeting Mr Cameron in good heart . She said : ` It 's quite funny that they did not want Silver near the PM , but I guess as an eight-month-old Jack Terrier poodle he is quite a security threat . ` I 'm surprised MI5 are not getting involved . ' Mr Cameron had spoken to voters after a speech in Cheltenham to outline Tory plans for inheritance tax . Mr Cameron was memorably photographed with huskies during an Arctic visit in 2006 to show off his green credentials when he was opposition leader . In 2013 he faced embarrassment after he was unable to keep hold of a dog on a visit to Battersea Dogs and Cats Home . Mr Cameron was passed Yorkshire terrier Bertie , but the dog wriggled out of his arms in seconds . The Prime Minister is a cat-owner having introduced the Downing Street cat Larry after moving into Number 10 .