Suddenly , at the age of 34 and after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite , I desperately wanted to get pregnant . My husband Russell was ready to be a father , we were financially secure and after editing a weekly magazine in New York for four stressful years , I was ready to resign and focus on building a family . Eleven months later , when my body was still not doing what I demanded , I got depressed , stressed and scared . Proud mum Sarah Ivens with her two children , William -LRB- left -RRB- and one-year-old Matilda -LRB- centre -RRB- . ` Have I left it too late to have a baby ? ' I 'd wail impatiently to Russell as month after month I 'd clutch at my abdomen in pain as my period started , filled with a burgeoning dread that my body was failing us . ` I always put my career first , and travelling and having our dream wedding . Now I 'm worried I 'm too old . ' I was paranoid that my life decisions had left my baby dreams impossible to reach . During my pre-broody years I 'd been bombarded with images of 40-something celebrities , gloating about how easy it had been for them to conceive naturally and quickly . Of course , horror stories in the tabloids tried to persuade me that I had about as much chance of procreating successfully after the age of 30 as I did of making it to The X Factor finals , but I had decided to follow the stars and wear blinkers . The truth , I was quickly discovering , lay somewhere in the middle of the heartbreak , guilt and misinformation women find themselves drowning in as they consider motherhood . Happy family : After years of heartbreak , Sarah and Russell have two children William , -LRB- centre -RRB- and Matilda . Pregnancy expert Zita West said : ` I think in a way modern life has done women a disservice . ` We 're told we can have it all , so women go on the pill while they are building their careers for many , many years , which masks any issues they may have such as polycystic ovary syndrome or endometriosis . ` Then when they decide to have a baby in their 30s , they are shocked if it does n't happen as they planned . ` We know that fertility starts to decline at 35 and that age is the biggest factor in a woman 's ability to conceive . Sarah and Russell celebrate their wedding with a dream day in the Cotswolds in 2009 . Expectant parents Sarah and husband Russell prepare for their son William 's imminent arrival in 2011 . ` What women need to do immediately is ask their mothers what age they went through the menopause : this is a key genetic factor in your own fertility , and your cycle starts to decline rapidly 10 years before you hit the menopause . ' Eventually , Russ and I conceived - naturally - but at the 13-week scan , the other horrific factor of late motherhood reared its ugly head . Our baby had severe chromosomal abnormalities and had zero chance of survival . I was advised by a series of doctors to have a medical abortion , to safeguard my future fertility and mental state . ` The sooner we get this unviable pregnancy dealt with , the quicker you can go on to conceive a healthy baby , ' our specialist advised us . This sounds callous , but even through the fog of utter devastation I knew he was being cruel to be kind : I did n't have too much time . I was turning 35 in one month . A few days later , as I was wheeled into the operating theatre , tears streamed down my cheeks and neck and onto my pale blue hospital robe . Everyone was sad for me , but this was quite a common occurrence for a woman of my dotage . ` Well , you have left it quite late , have n't you , ' a few supposed sympathisers uttered in my direction when I was feeling sorry for myself . What had I expected ? Preparing to be a new mum , Sarah poses at nine months pregnant with her son William , born in 2011 . Friends were as divided as the media when it came to declaring their true fertility stories . While one friend admits to leaving it too late and worrying herself to sleep each night over the mounting IVF treatment bills -LRB- her husband has insisted , scared of debt , she stop with the baby dream when they hit the £ 50,000 mark -RRB- ; another friend is determined to put off pregnancy until she has passed some professional exams . ` I 'll only be 37 when I 'm done -- and if I have to re-sit , I can delay pregnancy another year easily , ' she tells me , perhaps naively . Another friend got joyously pregnant with her first child on the eve of her 40th birthday . Sarah celebrates the joy of having her son , William in 2011 , after the grief of having to end her first pregnancy . Her husband -- who was depressed at being made redundant -- threatened to kill himself if she kept the baby . So she had an abortion , while he suddenly seemed to get better -- better enough to leave her for a 20-something woman he met in his new job a few months later . ` I 'll regret that choice for the rest of my life , ' she recently declared . ` It was n't until my womb was empty and he 'd gone that I realised I wanted a baby more than I wanted him . ' Other friends in their mid-to-late 30s are choosing to stick their heads in the sand . ` If I get to 40 and I 'm still single , I 'll get just find a sperm donor , ' is the flippant battle cry of many women I know . Some friends get pregnant as soon as they decide to start trying , of course , and those ones frustrate me the most . There is nothing noble in my frustration ; I am despicably jealous -- especially when these women do n't appreciate how lucky they are . So what can women who know they want to have children in the future do to safeguard their future fertility ? ` The medical profession is considering lifestyle more , ' says West . ` Women and men need to look at their eating habits and whether they are under or overweight . ` A Body Mass Index of between 19 and 26 is ideal for protecting fertility health . Take multivitamins . ` Avoid fizzy drinks and processed foods ; drink alcohol and caffeine in moderation and stop smoking and using drugs . ` All these things cause free radical damage , which harms your long-term chances of conceiving . ` There are no magic answers here ; future parents just need to follow a healthy lifestyle . ' West also thinks women should address any psychological issues they have before trying to become a parent . Sarah 's much longed-for son William , tenderly kisses his newborn baby sister Matilda . ` Modern women are all about not getting pregnant , then suddenly a switch flips in their head at a certain age and they think they should be able to conceive immediately . Yet blockages exist and they need to ask themselves questions to stop their sub-conscious sending negative messages . ` How do you visualise your body ? How do you connect with your womb ? ' asks West . ` I believe acupuncture , hypnotherapy and counselling can help a woman prepare her body for the journey towards motherhood . ' Now I am part of the envy-inducing club : I have two healthy children , a boy and a girl , although I did lose another pregnancy at 12 weeks in between their joyous arrivals . And that wonderful feeling is not something I 'd want any woman who desires it to miss out on because she has been lulled into a false sense of security or stress due to the misinformation surrounding the issue of fertility today . ` One day ' is a long way away . Take control of your options today .