Kenwyne Jones came from the bench late on to score within three minutes of his Bournemouth debut and rescue a point away to Ipswich . The pass the parcel of the Championship top spot continued as Bournemouth could only draw after falling behind to an early Freddie Sears goal . They dominated the match , but had to wait until the 82nd minute for Jones , taken on loan from Cardiff 10 days ago , to power in a header . Kenwyne Jones -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates acrobatically after levelling for Bournemouth against Ipswich . Bournemouth 's players mob Jones after he earned them a point from the game against Ipswich . Freddie Sears celebrates putting Ipswich ahead against Bournemouth at Portman Road after six minutes . Sears -LRB- left -RRB- converted from close range to put Ipswich ahead in the early exchanges of the game . Bournemouth -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Boruc ; Francis , Cook -LRB- Jones 79 -RRB- , Elphick , Daniels ; Ritchie , Surman , Arter , Fraser -LRB- Smith 78 -RRB- ; Pitman -LRB- Kermorgant 65 -RRB- , Wilson . Subs not used : Camp , Ward , Gosling , MacDonald . Manager : Eddie Howe . Booked : Arter . Goal : Jones , 82 . Ipswich -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Bialkowski ; Chambers , Smith , Berra , Fryers ; Skuse , Tabb , Bishop -LRB- Chaplow 57 -RRB- ; Varney -LRB- Clarke 90 -RRB- , Sears -LRB- Wood 79 -RRB- , Murphy . Subs not used : Gerken , , Anderson , Williams , McGoldrick . Manager : Mick McCarthy . Booked : Chambers . Goal : Sears , 6 . Referee : Robert Madley . Attendance : 22,672 . ` We scored an un-Bournemouth goal , ' manager Eddie Howe admitted afterwards . ` But it was equally effective as any , from a set piece . It 's good to see , we have n't come back from being behind much this season . ` Jones is a presence , but he 's more than that he 's got good feet , he was excellent when he came on . He 's very important in terms of scores like this and the situation the game was in . That 's when he 's probably going to play his biggest part . It 's his job to turn those into points for us . He could be invaluable . ' All it took was a split second lapse in concentration from Bournemouth 's defence and they were behind in only the sixth minute . The first half was still taking shape when Daryl Murphy was afforded time and space on the right inside the box to bring a cross under control with a lovely touch and pass into Sears to fire in first-time . The striker , formerly of West Ham , was so free he looked over to the linesman , fearing he was offside , but the flag stayed down and he notched up his 19th goal of the campaign . Ipswich goalkeeper Bartosz Bialkowski was diving left , right and centre for the remainder of the game to keep his side ahead . Twice he denied Ryan Fraser and again a powerful effort from Matt Ritchie . But Jones was thrown on in the 79th minute and rose to meet Ritchie 's left-hand side corner to finally beat the Polish keeper . Ipswich manager Mick McCarthy said : ' They put a very , very , very expensive acquisition on . He is pretty good in the air . I 've just watched it and Tommy Smith is head-to-head with him , it 's one of those you get your head on it sometimes it flies in sometimes it does n't . He 's started to pay a bit back , I 'd say . ' Ipswich manager Mick McCarthy shakes hands with Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe before the game . Bournemouth defender Steve Cook clears the ball under pressure from Ipswich forward Sears . Cook -LRB- left -RRB- of Bournemouth contests a header with Ipswich attacker Daryl Murphy . Bialkowski pulled off his save of the match in stoppage time , making a one-handed stop at full-stretch to reach substitute Yann Kermorgant 's header from another Ritchie corner . Bournemouth are unbeaten in seven , but no-one is able to get a grip at the top of the Championship table . ` I 've not known a league change hands so much , ' Howe added . ` I 've not known it so tight . It 's crazy . I said a few weeks ago there could be plenty more twists and turns . ` I think everyone is hoping they can be the team which breaks away . With so few games to go now it looks unlikely . It all goes down to the team who can hold their nerve the most and who can continue to avoid the pressure of what 's at stake . '