Mauricio Pochettino might have given up hope of qualifying for the Champions League , but Harry Kane wo n't hear any of it . The 21-year-old , who became the youngest Premier League captain this season during the drab goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday , still retains belief they can gatecrash the top-four party . Spurs are now seven points behind Manchester City , who play Crystal Palace on Monday night , with just seven games remaining . Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League this season . It looks a tall order , but Kane - who hailed his last few days as the ` best week of my life ' - thinks they can make it . ` It 's going to be tricky , we 're quite a few points behind now , ' Kane said . ` But in this league you never know . We 've got winnable games coming up and we focus on them . ` We take each game as it comes and see where that takes us . We start on Saturday -LSB- at home against Aston Villa -RSB- . ' Kane has 29 club goals under Pochettino this season and is the main reason Tottenham have lasted the pace until now . Kane could not find a way to break the deadlock for Tottenham in their 0-0 draw at Turf Moor on Sunday . Throwing him the armband was a move bourne out of necessity by the manager , and it was something he relished . ` It 's a real honour , a very proud moment for myself to lead the side out , ' Kane added . ` It 's very special for me . Hopefully there is more to come in the years to come . ` We 've got a lot of leaders in the team . It 's a very young team and everyone has their say . To be given the armband by the gaffer is a proud moment . But there are a lot of captains out there and we all try and work to the same aim . ' At just 21 years and 251 days , the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time in draw with Burnley . He and Burnley 's Danny Ings are also working to the same aim - bidding to work their way into the thoughts of England manager Roy Hodgson ahead of next summer 's European Championships in France . Both will be handed spots in Gareth Southgate 's squad for the Under 21 Euros at the end of this season . Kane hopes their partnership can be one replicated for the seniors in years to come . Kane and Burnley striker Danny Ings will both be handed spots in Gareth Southgate 's Under 21 Euros squad . ` Turin was a great experience , ' he said . ` To get my first start for England is another proud moment for me . It was tough and I can only learn from those sort of games . ` Danny 's a great player . I know him well from the Under 21s . He scores goals and his movement 's great . He 's a prospect for English football . There are a lot of great English strikers here at the moment , which is good for the country . ` There 's competition . We 've all got to work hard to retain our place . ` We 've both got to keep working hard , as do the other strikers who are trying to get a place . We 'll see what happens . '