March 30 , 2014 . The slip has n't happened and Liverpool are looking strong . They are top of the league with six games to go and only Manchester City are better placed , theoretically , with two games in hand to make up a four-point deficit . There will be a slip , there will be a surge and there will be tears . Theory wins , romance loses . Life at the top , as it was then . Dejected Manchester City players during their 4-2 derby defeat to Manchester United on Sunday . Jubilant Liverpool players celebrate Raheem Sterling 's opening goal against Newcastle United on Monday . Man City currently have a four-point lead over Liverpool in the race for the final Champions League place . Today , the last meaningful race among the top teams is between Liverpool and City . But the context is different . Manchester City lead Liverpool by four points and each has played 32 games . The stakes are astonishing , but only because the Champions League is an extremely big deal and they are currently in a pursuit for that last spot in the top four . Times have changed . These days it is Liverpool doing the chasing . They have had their own problems this season but the nitrous balloon has not burst . So , what of Manchester City ? The numbers are woefully inadequate . Some examples : City have nine points fewer than at this stage last season ; their 4-2 defeat against Manchester United saw them concede four for the first time since 2009 ; they have lost four of their past six Premier League games and five in 2015 , which is one more than in the whole of 2014 . They have gone from being champions to contenders to weak also-rans , a side that has amassed two wins , three defeats and three draws in eight games against the rest of the current top five . City profited from a Liverpool collapse to claim the Premier League title last season . Steven Gerrard 's infamous slip against Chelsea was the moment the title pendulum swung towards City . Liverpool 's surrender of a three-goal lead at Crystal Palace also cost them the title last season . April 19 West Ham -LRB- H -RRB- . April 25 Aston Villa -LRB- H -RRB- . May 3 Tottenham Hotspur -LRB- A -RRB- . May 10 Queens Park Rangers -LRB- H -RRB- . May 17 Swansea City -LRB- A -RRB- . May 24 Southampton -LRB- H -RRB- . April 25 West Brom -LRB- A -RRB- . April 28 Hull City -LRB- A -RRB- . May 2 Queens Park Rangers -LRB- H -RRB- . May 10 Chelsea -LRB- A -RRB- . May 16 Crystal Palace -LRB- H -RRB- . May 24 Stoke City -LRB- A -RRB- . When they fell behind against Manchester United they collapsed . That , perhaps more than the result , could be what crushes Manuel Pellegrini in the final analysis . They are a team seemingly without spirit or direction . Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are free to leave in the summer , which would indicate an acceptance from the rulers above that major changes are needed . Which brings us back to Liverpool , a team that had far less of a choice in its major change to personnel last summer . Luis Suarez went and the void became a black hole , apparently sucking the energy out of the rest of them . Liverpool fell , but Liverpool climbed again and here they are . It says plenty about each side 's season that on December 28 the gap between them was 18 points . Brendan Rodgers faced heavy scrutiny and he still does -- questions over the use of the Suarez money not least among them . But it is a measure of the manager that they have kept their gloves up . They were poor in recent defeats against Arsenal and Manchester United and they were far from their best in the subsequent wins against Blackburn and Newcastle . But they found ways to win and , as such , will contest an FA Cup semi-final and hold an outside chance of a top-four place in the league . Certainly , and rightly , Rodgers will face flak if success is not found on either front . Manuel Pellegrini has come under mounting pressure following a poor run of results . Influential players such as Yaya Toure could be going through the Etihad exit door in the summer . Brendan Rodgers has masterminded Liverpool 's return to form at the perfect time . Rodgers will hope the controversies over Raheem Sterling 's contract and hippy crack taking do not affect the youngster 's performances and Liverpool 's run-in . But what he has proven again is that he can inspire this dressing room ; he can still generate motivation in a group that has had a mediocre season and among whom is a leading player unhappy with his contract situation . The longer serving among the squad at Swansea still talk of a man who ` knows the name of every cousin ' . An exaggeration , certainly , but it is worth noting that almost two years after his departure , players and staff from Swansea were still using his man-management as a reason to suggest life under Michael Laudrup , a cup winner at the club , was not as good . There are few such testimonies for Pellegrini , whose job surely depends on the outcome of this run in . City face West Ham , Aston Villa , Tottenham , QPR , Swansea and Southampton . Four of those are at home . Liverpool play West Brom , Hull , QPR , Chelsea , Crystal Palace and Stoke , as well as an FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa . Four of those league games are away from Anfield , but like City , it is not a run-in that would have one cursing their luck . It is a shootout , then , between a side that still has a spark and another that appears desperate for the season to end . From this point last season , City took five wins and a draw from their last six games to take the title . They were storming towards the line . A year on , they look as if they would blow over in a decent breeze .