A Hollywood-inspired experiment to help dementia patients by waking them up with video recordings from loved ones is taking place in New York . The hope is that the videos shown to residents of a care home in the city will ease their confusion , forgetfulness and agitation . The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates , in which Drew Barrymore 's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day . A suitor , played by Sandler , uses videos to remind her of him . Charlotte Dell , director of social services at Hebrew Home in Riverdale , said the film was ` fluff ' , but added it inspired her to think about how the idea could help residents . The film 50 First Dates starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore has inspired a new dementia experiment taking place at a care home in Riverdale , New York . ` We 're looking to see if we can set a positive tone for the day , ' without using drugs , she said . ` What better way to start the day than to see the face and hear the voice of someone you love wishing you a wonderful morning ? ' As in the film , each day a new video is shown to residents . Relatives are encouraged to take part to say good morning , use memory-triggering personal anecdotes and remind their loved ones that care home staff will be helping them get dressed and ready for the day . People suffering Alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia often fell confused and anxious in the morning . The programme is designed to help those who are in the early to moderate stages of dementia , those who are still likely to recognise the people in the video and understand what they are saying . Ms Dell said : ` Do we know for sure that they know , this is my daughter , this is my son ? No . ` But they recognise them as somebody they care about and love . ' The Hebrew Home is planning to evaluate the programme next month , with the aim of expanding it to several hundred residents in its memory-care ` neighbourhoods ' . Ms Dell said anecdotal evidence so far from staff at the home is ` very positive ' . Robert Abrams , a geriatric psychiatrist at New York Presbyterian Hospital said the pilot is ` both innovative and thoughtful ' . ` You 've got a group of people with dementia who do n't really grasp the nature and purpose of their surroundings or the circumstances that compelled them to be there , ' he said . ` Consequently they 're alone and at sea and feel frightened and even abandoned by family . ' Resident Louisa Irving , 94 , is one of several dementia sufferers at Hebrew Care Home , who is woken up each morning with a video recording from a loved one to help ease confusion and agitation . Her daughter Tamara Rusoff-Hoen , pictured in the striped top , records messages including stories of happy memories and family get-togethers , signing off with the family goodbye , ` Kiss , kiss , I love you ' Among the residents taking part in the study is 94-year-old dementia sufferer , Louisa Irving . She wakes up each day to a video from her daughter Tamara Rusoff-Hoen , who sings : ` Good morning , merry sunshine , how did you wake so soon ? ' to her mother . The five-minute video includes stories of happy memories and get-togethers , and often inspires a bright smile from Ms Irving , before her daughter signs off with the family goodbye : ` Kiss , kiss , I love you . ' Ms Rusoff-Hoen , said : ` Some of her agitation comes from , `` Who the heck are these people ? Why am I here ? '' . ' Although Ms Rusoff-Hoen , who lives a few hours away in Ghent , visits her mother three days a week , she said the video allows her to fill in the gaps . ` I am there with my mum , loving her and wishing her a wonderful day and helping her to feel better because there 's not a lot I can do for her . ' Other videos include a woman reminding her mother , in Spainish , to eat and take her medications before telling her : ` I love you , mum . ' And in another , a man encourages his mother , telling her : ` You used to tell me that attitude is everything . You said that it 's best to start off on the sunny side of the street . '