Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid could n't be separated in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final showdown on Tuesday . The two giants from the Spanish capital played out a goalless draw , meaning all is left to play for in the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu . Here , Sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final at the Vicente Calderon . ATLETICO MADRID . Jan Oblak 9 - Blocked everything in the first half as a wind-assisted Real Madrid looked like putting the tie beyond doubt in the first 45 minutes . Had less to do in the second half but did it well . A man of the match display from the 22-year-old . Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes . Juanfran 7 - He was rattled , along with the rest of the team , in the first half but he played his part in keeping Madrid at bay . Miranda 7 - Will not have put any watching suitors off with another solid display alongside Godin - that is the third time this season Real have failed to score against Atletico Madrid at the Calderon and Miranda is a major reason for that . Diego Godin 7 - A rare slip early on let Bale in but the Welshman failed to punish the Uruguayan and he recovered well to marshall the team to another clean sheet against the European champions . At times in the first half he must have been seeing flashbacks of extra time in Lisbon but came through without conceding . Atletico Madrid centre-back Diego Godin rises higher than Sergio Ramos to attempt a header on goal . Guilherme Siqueira 6 - No mystery why Diego Simeone wants Felipe Luis back at the club next season . Siquiera is a threat going forward but a liability defensively and will be replaced in the summer . Arda Turan 7 - Always bright going forward and tested Casillas in the second period with a shot the Spain keeper did well to save . Will be vital in nicking a goal at the Bernabeu next week . Mario Suarez 6 - Forced a fine second-half save from Casillas but was just as blown away by Real in the first 45 minutes . Will still be a steal for someone at the end of the season if , as expected , he moves on . Gabi 6 - Simeone 's soldier worked hard in defence in the first period but maybe lacked invention in the second period as Atletico took the initiative . Cristiano Ronaldo is crowded out by Atletico Madrid 's Mario Suarez -LRB- left -RRB- and Gabi . Koke 6 - Currently struggling to live up to those ` new Xavi ' tags . Still a tremendous prospect and gave as good as he got against Real 's trio of Modric , James and Kroos . Antoine Griezmann 7 - You can see why he has scored 21 goals this season in a little over 40 games . He is always bright and showed pace and surprising strength in the first period to pull away from Ramos . Tough to play against and he will be important for Atletico on the break at the Bernabeu . Mario Mandzukic 7 - The old warhorse was elbowed by Ramos , bitten and punched by Carvajal and booked for complaining . He was a bloody hero too and had to be bandaged up midway through the second half . Still lacks that pace to pull away into space that Diego Costa has . Substitutes : Raul Garcia -LRB- Griezmann 77 -RRB- , Torres -LRB- Koke 83 -RRB- . Not used : Moya , Tiago , Saul , Jesus Gamez , Gimenez . REAL MADRID . Iker Casillas 7 - Stayed awake in the first half as Real poured forward but Atletico Madrid still threatened on the break . Also kept out Mario Suarez ' late shot as Real managed to hang on . Iker Casillas makes a save as Atletico Madrid striker Fernando Torres goes for the ball . Dani Carvajal 7 - Was used as an auxiliary winger in the first 45 minutes as Real tried to take advantage of Siqueira 's weakness . Also scrapped at the back and landed a punch and a bite on Manzukic as tempers frayed . That might still cost him his place in the second leg . Raphael Varane 8 - Real Madrid 's best performer . We knew he was quick but how quick ! His first half sprint down the right was worthy of Bale . Is there a quicker defender in Europe at the moment ? Quite possibly not . When Pepe pulled out before the start of the game many Real Madrid fans would have feared the worst but Varane never put a foot wrong . Raphael Varane was in excellent form for Real Madrid in defence at the Vicente Calderon . Sergio Ramos 6 - Left trailing in Griezmann 's wake early on but was a match for Mandzukic . Solid but without the heroics of Lisbon and that last-minute goal . Marcelo 7 - Asked to attack less in the first half with Carvajal trying to do more damage on the other flank . Did all that was asked of him defensively without shining going forward as he can do . Booked and will not play second leg . Luka Modric 7 - Majestic in the first half as Madrid dominated but faded like his team in the second . Still the most complete midfielder that Real Madrid have and they were never going to lose 4-0 as they did in February without him . He will be vital in the second leg . Luka Modric was majestic in the first half for Real Madrid , but he faded along with the team in the second . Toni Kroos 6 - A shame that he has less license to attack in his current incarnation as Madrid 's holder . Covered ground , got Madrid passing and still managed a shot that Oblak saved , but would n't he have more influence on games if he played slightly further forward ? James Rodriguez 6 - Only just back from injury and it showed in the second half . Could easily have made way for Isco , who eventually replaced Benzema . Has magic in his boots and had a fine chance to win it on the night but could n't take it . Gareth Bale 7 - Provided cross after cross in the first half as he tormented Siqueira but they came to nothing and Madrid were left to rue the chance he had when Godin slipped and he was through on Oblak 's goal . He will be blamed because of that miss but worked hard and could still be key in the second leg with Atletico 's weakness at left back . Bale missed an excellent opportunity to give Real the lead and a priceless away goal . Karim Benzema 5 - Struggles to score against Atletico and was taken off in the second half as he once again failed to puncture their rearguard . Missed a fine chance in the second period when for some reason he flicked the ball back towards Ronaldo instead of trying to beat Oblak himself . Cristiano Ronaldo 6 - Had several free-kicks in the first half that failed to trouble Oblak , Also failed to connect with those excellent first-half crosses from Bale . Atletico Madrid are a tough nut to crack and the world 's most expensive forward line could n't find the vital away goal . Ronaldo was just as responsible as Bale and Benzema for that . Substitutes : Arbeloa -LRB- Carvajal 85 -RRB- , Isco -LRB- Benzema 76 -RRB- . Not used : Navas , Pepe , Khedira , Jese , Illarramendi . Ronaldo endured a frustrating evening as he was unable to find a breakthrough for his team .