Condemned Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his last days before his execution painting for as long as possible . His final request comes as images from Nusakambangan showed a haunting self portrait painted by Sukumaran in his cell , depicting the artist shot through the heart . His brother , Chinthu Sukumaran has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad while Sukumaran 's lawyer was pictured removing the morbid paintings from the death row inmate 's cell . Sukumaran 's fellow death row inmate , Andrew Chan , has requested to spend his last hours in church with his family . Scroll down for video . Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting . He painted this self-portrait , showing a bullet through his heart . The painting is a self-portrait of Sukumaran with a bullet hole through his heart . It comes after it was confirmed that Australians Andrew Chan and Sukumaran will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on Wednesday -LRB- 3 am AEST -RRB- . The date - April 29 - became official when a local funeral director in Cilacap , the nearest port to Nusakambangan , or Death Island , was instructed to inscribe the names of those to be shot by firing squad and the date of their deaths . Sukumaran only began painting when he was arrested and sent to prison in 2005 . His skill and love for his art grew as he was mentored by well-known Australian artist Ben Quilty - who has also led the charge in the mercy campaign to save the pair 's lives . Andrew Chan -LRB- left -RRB- and Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- right -RRB- have both been condemned to death on just past the stroke of midnight on Wednesday . Julian McMahon -LRB- pictured -RRB- the lawyer for the Bali Nine pair , removed the morbid paintings from Sukumaran 's cell . McMahon looked downcast as he carried the paintings back from Death Island . Painting has proven a great sense of solace for Sukumaran during his time in jail and has even run art classes for fellow inmates as part of the drug rehabilitation program that he set up with Chan . The talented artist 's birthday in early April was marked in London where his cousin organised an exhibition of his paintings at the Amnesty International headquarters . The Bali Nine pair 's lawyer Julian McMahon took four disturbing self portrait from Sukumaran 's cell on Sunday , depicting the artist shot through the heart . The paintings were signed : ` Our new prison . A Bad Sleep Last Night ' , ` A strange day ' and ' 72 hrs Just Started ' . Michael Chan -LRB- right -RRB- , the brother of Andrew Chan and Chinthu Sukumaran -LRB- left -RRB- , the brother of Myuran Sukumaran have pleaded once again for their clemency . Bali 9 duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have been given notice of their execution , and could be killed by firing squad as early as Tuesday . A smiling Djoko Hariutomo , the police commissioner of the Balinese capital of Denpasar , poses for a photo with his hand on the shoulder of condemned prisoner Andrew Chan on a plane taking him to ` Death Island ' They were dated April 24 and April 25 . Chan and Sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants during official proceedings on Saturday , saying they believed it would be unjust to kill them . Chan and Sukumaran , convicted in 2005 for their role in a plot to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin from Bali to Australia , were given the official 72 hours notice on Saturday . ` He 's found peace with what may happen but he and we all feel that this is a grave injustice and it did not have to be this way and it still does n't have to be this way , ' Chinthu Sukumaran told reporters , after spending a couple of hours with his brother . Surrounded by armed police officers officers and on the road of no return , 33-year-old Australia Myuran Sukumaran looks up at Bali police commissioner Djoko Hariutomo who posed with the two condemned Australians before they were transported to Nusakambangan island . It has been confirmed that the two men will be executed just past midnight on Wednesday . His mother Raji and sister Brintha also visited on Sunday , making the sad journey with Chan 's mother Helen , brother Michael and fiancée Feby Herewila and other friends . Chinthu Sukumaran said they asked Joko Widodo to show the same mercy he 'd asked for his own citizens on death row overseas . ` Please , please show mercy , ' he said . ` There are nine people with families that love them . Sukumaran painted the portraits in the hours before he and Andrew Chan were given execution notices . ` That 's mothers , fathers , sons , daughters , brothers and sisters . ` We ask the president to please use his powers to intervene and save their lives . ' Mr Chan said his brother 's only wish would be to go to church with his family in his last days . ` The two boys are still holding up pretty well considering they feel this is injust -LRB- unjust -RRB- to what has happened over the last ten years with their whole case , ' he said . ` Somewhere in the legal system for Indonesia there 's got to be mercy and the president needs to show that now . ` He 's the only one that can stop it and it 's not too late to do so . ' It 's reported only nine of the 10 prisoners Indonesia had readied for execution will face the firing squad , with Frenchman Serge Atlaoui granted a reprieve . Mr Atlaoui apparently won a reprieve based on an administrative matter . Mr McMahon carried Sukumaran 's self-portraits away after showing them to reporters . The back of Sukumaran 's morbid paintings read : ` self portrait ' 72 hrs just started ' The paintings were signed by Sukumaran and dated . Sukumaran and Chan have been granted more time with family in their final days and will see them again on Monday . Lawyers are pleading with Jakarta to respect legal proceedings that several are still pursuing , while international pressure for mercy also grows . France has pledged to work with Australia to halt the executions , with Prime Minister Tony Abbott set to meet Francois Hollande on Monday . Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has been seeking urgent talks with her Indonesian counterpart since Friday . Chan and Sukumaran 's lawyers have lodged a challenge with the constitutional court but the attorney-general does n't acknowledge it , arguing the pair have exhausted their appeals . Andrew Chan has requested to spend his last days in church , while Myuran Sukumaran wishes to paint . Andrew Chan -LRB- pictured -RRB- has requested to spend his time in church ahead of his execution . The brothers looked sombre as they left the prison on Nusakambangan Island on Sunday . Chinthu Sukumaran said they asked Joko Widodo to show the same mercy he 'd asked for his own citizens on death row overseas . Sukumaran began painting when he was in Kerobokan Prison in Bali . But his office is yet to respond to moves by lawyers for Filipina Mary Jane Veloso , who filed a second request for a judicial review late on Friday . Indonesia Zainal Abidin has an appeal before the courts due to be decided on Monday , but has been moved in preparation of execution as if the result is pre-determined . UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon has added his voice to global calls for Indonesia to halt its execution plans . ` The Secretary General urges President Joko Widodo to urgently consider declaring a moratorium on capital punishment in Indonesia , with a view toward abolition , ' a spokesman for Ban said . Last ditch efforts to save the pair have also been launched by not-for-profit organisations , such as Amnesty International . His work was showcased at an exhibition in London on his birthday . A boat carrying relatives leaves for Nusakambangan prison . Myuran Sukumaran 's relatives board a boat at Wijaya Pura port to visit Nusakambangan prison . Helen Chan , the mother of Andrew Chan -LRB- left -RRB- and Julian McMahon the lawyer for Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran walk as they prepare to head to Nusakambangan Island prison . Thousands of flowers will be used to spell out the words KeepHopeAlive at a reserve overlooking Sydney Harbour in an appeal for Chan and Sukuraman . Amnesty International says the floral message will be displayed from Monday at Blues Point Reserve . ` Today in Indonesia , up to nine people - including Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran - face imminent execution in as little as 72 hours , ' Amnesty said in a statement . ` More than 140 countries around the world have now abolished the death penalty for good . It 's not too late for Indonesia to join them . ' Members of the public are encouraged to contribute to the appeal by purchasing flowers from Amnesty 's website . Brintha Sukumaran , the sister of Myuran Sukumaran , visits her brother ahead of his planned execution . The men 's coffins are laid out in a holding area in Cilacap , before being transported to Death Island . The funeral director also ordered wooden crosses , pillows , satin covers and sets of cross-shaped coffin nails , individually bagged the way that furniture stores package their screws . Mr Putro shows the bill for the new coffins that arrived from Yogyakarta in the warehouse of Java Christian Church . Earlier , Australian embassy officials were called to Cilacap , the port town closest to Nusakambangan where the Bali Nine pair are now jailed , for a meeting about Indonesia 's execution plans . ` I fear the worst , ' Ms Bishop told reporters in Brussels . ` I fear that Indonesia will seek to proceed with the execution of the two Australian citizens . ` I am deeply and profoundly concerned by this . ' Chan and Sukumaran , who were arrested over a heroin smuggling plot in 2005 , can be executed 72 hours after being given notice , according to Indonesian law .