This is the cringe-making moment Ed Miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party -- and even let the bride on his tour bus for a ` selfie ' . The Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends . One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader 's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride . After brief negotiations with his spin doctors , the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress , saying : ` I got a full on picture with him ' . Scroll down for video . Ed Miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party -- and even let the bride on his tour bus for a private ` selfie ' The Labour leader was surrounded by more than 20 young women screaming ` Ed ! Ed ! Ed ! ' and then they posed for a group selfie . The bride-to-be 's sister , Kathryn Braithwaite , posted a picture of Nicola and Miliband on the campaign bus . She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens , all wearing black dresses and pink sashes , who started yelling for him to come and meet them . The Labour leader then appeared and high-fived a few of the women before they started chanting ` Selfie ! Selfie ! Selfie ! ' and turned their backs on him for a group shot . One of the women was heard saying : ` Hashtag Ed ' and the group erupted into giggles before Mr Miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye . The bride-to-be has pondered whether he will also turn up to her wedding , saying : ` Maybe he 'll make the big day ! ' Anna Heaford , one of the hens , tweeted saying : ` The stripper had just arrived for Nicola Braithwaite 's hen do . . ! #EdMiliband . ' She also tweeted earlier today , saying : ` We 're blaming the cocktails . ' Sanda , who was also part of the hen party , said : ` He was a true gentleman and a fun person . ' Miss Braithwaite 's sister Kathryn Braithwaite posted the picture of the bride-to-be with Miliband inside the bus and said : ` Only my sister can have a pic with Ed _ Miliband #ed #henparty . ' One of the hens , Anna Heaford , posted a hilarious tweet , saying : ` The stripper has just arrived ' Bride Nicola Braithwaite was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning wearing a white and blue dress . One of Mrs Braithwaite 's friends , Heaney Watson , said : ` Our Nicola breaks off her hen do to discuss #legalaid with @EdMilliband #goodtimes . ' The Labour leader was about to be dropped off at Chester Railway Station to return to London after a long day of campaigning when he was mobbed by his toughest trail opponents so far . Earlier in the day he had met parliamentary candidate Chris Matheson and supporters at Chester Racecourse . He told the crowd : ` It 's great to be here . I want to thank all of you for the incredible job that you 're doing . Secondly , I want to hear a very big Chester cheer for Chris Matheson and the brilliant campaign he 's running . Let 's hear it for Chris . ` Now I met a little boy called Aidan and it 's sixth birthday at the beginning of May and he said to me as I left ` Are we going to get rid of David Cameron ? ' . What 's the answer to that ? Are we going to get rid of David Cameron ? ' Alex Salmond has stepped up the pressure on Mr Miliband saying he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the SNP and was ` foolish ' to rule out a coalition . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street because he was unwilling to do a deal with the SNP . During Thursday night 's TV debate , she said : ` I can help Labour be bolder ... take the chance to kick David Cameron out of Downing Street . Do n't turn your back on it - people will never forgive you . ' She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens and said : ` I got a full on picture with him ' One of the women was heard saying : ` Hashtag Ed ' and the group erupted into giggles before Mr Miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye . The Labour leader was about to be dropped off at Chester Railway Station to return to London after a long day of campaigning when he was mobbed by his toughest trail opponents so far . The Labour leader was surrounded after his campaign bus parked up outside Westminster Hotel in Chester . If you were on this hen party , please email jenny.awford@dailymail.co.uk or call 02036154835 .