English football will stand still just before three o'clock on Saturday to mark the 30th anniversary of the Bradford fire . All fixtures in the Premier League and Football League will observe a minute 's silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze . The inferno ripped through Valley Parade on May 11 , 1985 during the first half of a game against Lincoln City , before which Bradford had received the Third Division title . A minute 's silence will be held this weekend for the 56 supporters who lost their lives during the Bradford City fire disaster . Football League supporting efforts to raise £ 300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford . A blaze tore through Valley Parade 's main stand during a Third Division match against Lincoln City on May 11 , 1985 . Players , managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark the 30th anniversary of the disaster , which also left 265 injured . Supporters watch on as the fire rips through Bradford City 's ground - and have had no definitive answers to questions they asked . Many fans were trapped in their seats and 265 people were injured as the fire engulfed the main stand within minutes . The top four tiers of the game will remember them this weekend . And the top four tiers of the game will mark their passing this weekend . The Football League will be supporting efforts to raise £ 300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford . Mark Lawn , the co-chairman of Bradford City , said : ` I am personally delighted that the FA , the Football League and Premier League have got involved . I would like to remind people that the PSBRU is solely reliant on charitable donations by the public , charitable organisations and businesses , and has no funding from the Government . ` I am extremely pleased that Bradford City has helped to fund the PSBRU through the supporters raising money . This has been enough over the years to help maintain and exceed the standards coming from the unit . ' There are harrowing stories of almost entire families passing away that day in Yorkshire and serious questions still remain as we head into a fourth decade since the tragedy . They are laid bare in Martin Fletcher 's new book , Fifty-Six -- The Story of the Bradford Fire , in which the author challenges accepted theories as to the cause . Nobody has been made accountable for events which saw Fletcher lose his brother Andrew , 11 , his father John , 34 , his uncle Peter , 32 , and his grandfather Eddie , 63 . Fletcher has been researching the fire for 15 years and believes the investigation 's findings are flawed . The inquiry asserted that the cause was , in all likelihood , down to a cigarette or a match dropped on to a pile of rubbish . He found that former chairman Stafford Heginbotham , who died in 1995 aged 61 , had been connected with at least eight other business fires and insurance claims . John Helm , the man commentating on the game when fire broke out , was candid in Sportsmail last week . Thousands watched on horrified as the flames took control of the stand to devastating effect . The variance in theories suggests , as with Hillsborough , a new investigation would be vindicated , offering potential closure for the city . Martin Fletcher 's new book -- Fifty-six -- The Story of the Bradford Fire -- challenges accepted theories as to the cause of the fire . There were many cases of heroism , with more than fifty people receiving police awards or commendations . John Helm , the man commentating on the game when fire broke out , was candid in Sportsmail last week and refuted Fletcher 's claims . ` Martin lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind -- any bitterness would be understandable -- but from everything I have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' he wrote . ` On the contrary , I remember the coroner telling me it was obvious how the fire had started . Detective Inspector Raymond Falconer actually identified a man who had dropped a lit cigarette that went down a hole in the stand and started the fire . ` This corroborates what I was told at the time by the coroner . He said it was believed the fire had been started by a man , visiting this country from Australia , but his name was never revealed . ` Without making allegations against the club 's chairman at the time Stafford Heginbotham , there is inference by implication in the book -- with reference to a series of fires at factories owned by the now deceased Heginbotham . As members of his own family were seated in the stand that day , and as it was due to be demolished anyway 48 hours later , it is unfathomable to think there could have been an act of arson . ' A solitary bottle of champagne stands on the terrace - Bradford had been celebrating winning the Third Division title earlier in the day . Bradford manager Trevor Cherry looks ahead on the Valley Parade pitch in front of the burnt out stand . An aerial shot of the smoke - showing the scale of the fire to engulf Bradford 's ground and shock English football . Forensic experts sift through debris in the area where the fire started on May 11 , 1985 . Then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and husband Denis lay a wreath near a turnstile where many of the victims were found . The variance in theories suggests , as with Hillsborough , a new investigation would be vindicated , offering closure to a city that still has no definitive answer . This weekend will be the first time the whole of English football has come together and remembered the Bradford 56 in unison . And the club has only recently wanted to fully remember the victims publicly . The memorial at Valley Parade was n't erected until 2001 and years went by without the anniversary even getting a mention in programmes and there were no silences or black armbands . ` I do feel we missed something of an opportunity in the aftermath of the fire , ' former chairman Jack Tordoff said in 2011 , when Valley Parade celebrated its 125 years as a sporting venue . ` I think we should have looked at starting from scratch in another location . This picture shows what damage the fire caused in such a short space of time , with an entrance completely obliterated . Valley Parade looked derelict in the immediate aftermath but Bradford opted to stay at their home and moved back months after . The scene at Bradford 's memorial service to mark the passing of supporters who died in the fire . Firemen survey the damage and put out any remains of the fire after bringing it under control . A policeman watches the forensic team pore through evidence on the terracing at Bradford . ` The fire was , of course , a horrible time . Fifty-six people lost their lives and the effect on the city was huge , and probably something that ca n't be put into words . You had to be in Bradford at that time to understand just what the city went through . ` I had returned to the board in 1983 with Stafford -LRB- Heginbotham , City chairman at the time of the fire -RRB- to save the club . ` But then the fire happened ... ' The planned minute 's applause at last season 's FA Cup final between Arsenal and Hull was given a mixed reception by some Bradford supporters , who still maintain the loss is solely theirs . That , though , wo n't stop hundreds of thousands paying their respects this weekend as the disaster is brought sharply back into public focus . Fans of all clubs can show their support by donating here .