The son of the Sultan of Brunei , one of the world 's richest men , has wed bride Dayangku Raabi'atul ` Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch 's 1,788-room palace in Brunei 's capital , Bandar Seri Begawan . Prince Abdul Malik , 31 , exchanged vows with Dayangku Raabi'atul ` Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah , 22 , in front of crowds of friends and family , nobility and foreign dignitaries amid mind-boggling splendour . The newlyweds ' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds , while blushing bride Raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems , rather than flowers . Scroll down for video . The enthronement ceremony of Prince Abdul Malik , 31 , and Dayangku Raabi'atul ` Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah , 22 , took place in the lavish settings of 1,788-room palace , Istana Nural Iman in Brunei . The happy couple : The bride clutches a bouquet of crystal flowers , and sports a breathtaking three-piece jewellery set , with sizable emeralds . The Prince is the youngest child of the Sultan , Hassanal Bolkiah , and his wife , Queen Saleha , and is second in the line of succession to become the next Sultan of Brunei . Today 's ` bersanding ' or enthronement ceremony is usually the highlight of the wedding festivities , and saw the bride and groom seated next to each other , dressed in opulent traditional attire on gilded thrones in the Throne Chamber of the Istana Nural Iman palace . According to The Brunei Times , also in attendance were seven Malaysian state rulers and the governor of Saudi Arabia , and this is the first time that the couple have appeared together since the festivities started on 5 April . The couple wore matching traditional Malay dress , with the bride 's veil constructed of swathes of intricate lace . The 22-year-old bride , who worked as a systems data analyst and IT instructor , sported a breathtaking diamond tiara studded with six teardrop-shaped emeralds . A diamond necklace with a central pendant of three emeralds the size of grapes , glittered around her neck , while a matching brooch of two egg-shaped emeralds dangled from a diamond setting . Prince Abdul Malik -LRB- pictured left -RRB- prays with bride , Dayangku Raabi'atul ` Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah . Malik is the son of the Sultan of Brunei , one of the wealthiest men in the world . Everyone in the room is seen praying during the ceremony of the Prince and his new bride . The bride 's Dayangku Raabi'atul ` Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah , 22 , has her veil adjusted as she shows off her diamond and emerald tiara , necklace , brooch , bracelet and ring - as well as the delicate posy made of gems . Shoes fit for a princess : The bride wore jewel-encrusted Christian Louboutin heels , as well as a chunky pure gold anklet . The Sultan of Brunei , Hassanal Bolkiah , was seen in traditional dress at the wedding ceremony of his son . Dayangku Raabi'atul ` Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah also toted Christian Louboutin heels encrusted Swarovski crystals , with the distinctive red sole , as well as a chunky gold anklet . The newlyweds sat side by side praying during a section of the ceremony , and at one point , the Sultan was seen caressing the arms of his son 's hand while the blessing of his new wife occurred . The Sultan has 12 children - five sons and seven daughters - from three different marriages . Prince Abdul Malik is the sixth child of the Sultan and his current wife , Queen Saleha , who wed in 1965 . Part of the ceremony also saw royal guards entering the hall carrying ceremonial shields and spears . After the ceremony , there is expected to be a luxurious banquet in the palace 's hall , which can accommodate up to 5,000 guests . The wedding is taking place over a period of 11 days , and started on Sunday , 5 April , with the royal marriage proposal ceremony . During this time , a representative of the groom approached the bride 's family with the groom 's intention of seeking the bride 's hand in marriage . This signalled the beginning of the ceremonial events , and has been followed by a ` powdering ' ceremony - when members of the families from both sides anoint the couple with powder and scented oil on the palms of their hand - and a gifting ceremony . Royal guards stood in large numbers in the Throne Hall , carrying ceremonial shields and spears . In attendance were also Ragad Kurdi Taib , wife of Sarawak 's former Chief Minister Abdul Taib Mahmud -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , and Saudi Arabia 's Prince Saud bin Abdul Mohsen bin Abdul Aziz -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . Friends and family , people of nobility and international dignitaries attended the ceremony , as the couple sat beneath in their gilded thrones . The Sultan of Brunei was seen caressing his son 's hand while the blessing of the bride took place . The celebration will end on 15 April , with a ceremony of thanksgiving prayers . The location of the wedding , the dazzling Istana Nural Iman palace is situated in Brunei 's capital , Bandar Seri Begawan . It is considered the largest residential palace in the world , with 1,788 rooms , five grand swimming pools , 257 bathrooms , and a 110-car garage . Later Brunei 's newlywed royal couple , changed into more opulent evening outfits for the wedding banquet . Prince Abdul swapped his gold wedding suit for ceremonial military dress , embellished with diamond epaulettes and collar . The newest member of the royal family changed into a beaded purple floor-length gown embroidered with silver thread for the wedding banquet . The newly-weds are seen walking in the Throne Hall in their matching gold traditional attire . The pair are sat in all their luxurious finery at the wedding ceremony , which took place at the Sultan of Brunei 's Istana Nural Iman palace . The couple sat in the luxurious gilded thrones , wearing matching traditional attire during the lavish ceremony , part of the 11-day extravaganza . She added a diaphanous veil , which was topped with another stunning diamond tiara , set with rubies and a scarlet gem at its centre the size of a 20-pence piece . A matching necklace featuring a twisted diamond and ruby rope design glittered with tens of rubies , while a huge diamond and ruby brooch was party hidden by her veil . On her right hand was a large diamond ring in a platinum setting . She also changed her make-up , sporting red lipstick rather than the bridal pink at today 's ceremony . Brunei 's newly wed royal couple , Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi'atul ` Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah , leave the royal wedding banquet at the Nurul Iman Palace in Bandar Seri Begawan April 12 , 2015 . Malik is the son of Brunei 's Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah , one of the world 's richest men . The newest member of the royal family changed into a beaded purple gown for the wedding banquet . She wore a bedazzled veil , along with a stunning diamond necklace set with tens of rubies , and a matching crown set with a scarlet gem the size of a 20-pence piece . Brunei is situated in the South East of Asia , on the north coast of Borneo , and is a large supplier of oil and gas . The sovereign state is located on a small section of the coast of the island - the rest occupied by Malaysia and Indonesia . The sultanate is a Malay Muslim absolute monarchy and dates back to the 15th century , having gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1984 . Prince Abdul changed out of his gold wedding suit into ceremonial military dress , embellished with diamond epaulettes and collar . His new wife dazzled in a diamond and ruby crown , a matching necklace , a brooch , which was partly hidden by her diaphanous veil and a huge diamond ring in a platinum setting worn on her right hand .