Zoe Gregory -LRB- pictured -RRB- pleaded guilty to sending an email hoax to blow up the school where she worked . A schoolgirl was branded ` Holly bin Laden ' by other pupils after a teaching assistant framed her for a bomb hoax , a court heard yesterday . Holly Littlefield , 16 , was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours after Zoe Gregory , 26 , hijacked her email account to issue the threat to blow up the school . She was too scared to return to school for two days and when she did she was taunted by classmates . The teenager told the court how after she was arrested she was ` crying and distressed ' and struggled to sleep in the cell surrounded by ` people on drugs or drunk ' . Even after she was released on bail , she remained under suspicion for nearly three weeks until checks revealed Gregory was responsible . Another pupil , Vicky Francis , 15 , was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly 's email account . Gregory , a married mother-of-two who said she was suffering from depression at the time of the offence and could not face work , is now likely to receive a lengthy jail term after admitting to communicating false information . Magistrate Jeanne Heal said the case was being referred to the Crown court for sentencing , telling the defendant : ` What makes this a worse offence than you might imagine is that two young girls were in custody for more than ten hours and were interviewed by police . ` They were also on bail and during that time they must have been under stress . You deserve a greater punishment than we can give . ' Speaking afterwards , Holly 's mother Lesley , 43 , said : ` We are pleased she has admitted it . ` The girls have been through a horrible time at school and hopefully now their classmates will realise the truth . ' Vicky added : ` I feel sorry for her children because they did n't know what was going on but I think she should go to jail . ' Pupils Vicky Francis -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and Holly Littlefield -LRB- right -RRB- outside Norwich Magistrates ' Court . The pair were arrested and held by police following the bomb threat sent from Miss Littlefield 's account . Bomb threat : Ormiston Victory Academy in Costessey near Norwich -LRB- pictured -RRB- where the scare took place . The girls ' ordeal began on February 9 , when police officers arrived at Ormiston Victory Academy in Costessey , near Norwich , to arrest them . Both were fingerprinted , had DNA samples taken and had to pose for mugshots before they interviewed . They denied any knowledge of the bomb scare and were released on police bail early the following day . Holly 's home was also searched and police seized the family 's computer and three iPhones . Prosecutor Lisa Britton told Norwich magistrates : ` Holly was asked lots of questions about the email . She said in a statement she did n't know what was going on . ' Vicky had also been left ` scared and crying ' by the experience and suffered taunts at school , she added . Officers had acted after Gregory told the vice principal she had found an email in her inbox which warned : ` There will be a bomb in school on Monday . ' Gregory -LRB- pictured second from left -RRB- arriving at Norwich Magistrates ' Court . Chris Brown , mitigating , said she had been suffering from post-natal depression and acted out of ` sheer desperation ' when she sent the email . Facing jail : Gregory has been warned she could face up to seven years in prison due to the seriousness of the offence . An Ormiston Academies Trust spokesman said the 29-year-old had been dismissed from her job . In fact , she had overheard Holly 's email password and used it to access the schoolgirl 's account . It was only later that police discovered the IP address of the hoax email originated from a computer at the home of Gregory 's father . Holly said outside court : ` I was treated like a criminal . One officer asked me , `` Do you regret what you have done ? '' and I said `` I have n't done anything '' . ` During my interview they told me that if it had been a joke I should just tell them . I even thought about admitting it just so I could leave , but I could not do that as I had not done anything . ` It quickly got right round the school that I had been arrested . When they found out it was because of a bomb hoax , people were running up to me and saying `` Have you got a bomb ? '' ` I was even being called `` Holly bin Laden '' . It was so upsetting because I have never been in trouble with the police before . ' Holly Littlefield with her mum Lesley . Pupils dubbed Miss Littlefield ` Holly Bin Laden ' following the incident . Chris Brown , defending , said his client came up with the ` ill-conceived and unsophisticated ' hoax while suffering postnatal depression after the birth of her second child . He asked the magistrates to show her mercy and give her a suspended sentence for the ` dreadful error of judgment ' . But they decided to send the case to Norwich Crown Court where the maximum sentence she could receive is seven years . A school spokesman said : ` The staff member involved has been dismissed and we are doing everything we can to support the students involved . We will not tolerate any action which disrupts the education of students at our school . ' Gregory declined to comment after the hearing .