Dick Advocaat says Jermain Defoe 's wonder goal has set Sunderland on their way to Premier League survival -- but Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul has been criticised for appearing to congratulate the derby match-winner . The Holland international waited in the tunnel for Defoe at half-time , seconds after he had smashed the stunning 20-yard volley which decided yesterday 's Tyne-Wear clash . Krul smiled and exchanged a fist pump with Defoe , although he later defended his actions . Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher claimed Newcastle keeper Tim Krul made a mistake after congratulating Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal before half-time . Krul smiles at Defoe shortly after the striker 's goal gave the Black Cats the lead in the Wear-Tyne derby . Carragher criticised Krul for his half-time actions while speaking on Sky Sports after the game . However , former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher was not impressed , as he said : ` When you watch Newcastle , Tim Krul does look like one of the leaders of the team , but what he did was a mistake . ` I would n't want to see one of my own team doing it . It 's not good sportsmanship . Someone without passion for the game might say it is . When you play a derby game , you do n't just play on the day , there is a build-up in the week and everyone is on edge . ` You build yourself into a frenzy where you despise the opposition . At the end of the game you shake hands with everyone , you would n't smile . ' Carragher was backed up by his ex-Liverpool team-mate Danny Murphy , who said : ` He should n't have done that , you do that at the end of the game . That was out of order . ' But Krul countered : ` What I actually thought , I probably ca n't repeat because it was n't nice . ` It was a fantastic goal and everyone accepts that , but what I actually thought was more in the region of `` what a lucky guy he is '' , but with a bit more venom behind it . ` I 've been at this club for 10 years and I 'm as hurt as anybody else , so whoever wants to put this negative light on me , it 's not justified . ` I 'm a Geordie . I 've been here 10 years and I 'm going home with a lot of pain in my heart . To see those travelling fans going back to Newcastle without a win again , it hurts me as much as them . ' Defoe -LRB- left -RRB- hit a stunning volley on the cusp of half-time to give Sunderland the lead against Newcastle . Defoe celebrates his strike which helped the Black Cats to victory in the Wear-Tyne derby . Sunderland 's victory was their fifth on the spin in this fixture and moved them three points clear of the relegation zone . New boss Advocaat believes it has gone a long way to ensuring their safety . ` I have always said we will survive , but we had to win today , ' said the 67-year-old , who will leave at the end of the season regardless of which division Sunderland are in . ` There was a lot of pressure on the team but I got a great feeling when we arrived here on the bus . That was something special and the players felt that . Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat congratulates Defoe as he sends on Adam Johnson to replace the striker during the Wear-Tyne derby victory . Advocaat smiles as he looks on from his technical area at the Stadium of Light . The win is Sunderland 's first under Advocaat and lifts them three points clear of the bottom three . Sunderland 's victory took them above Aston Villa and Hull City in the Barclays Premier League table . ` The league table looks better now , but the most important thing is May 24 . It will look better if we 're here then . ` I 'm proud of the team and I 'm proud of our fans . ' Meanwhile , an emotional Defoe hailed his strike as one of his finest . ` It 's one of my best - with my left foot as well , ' said the 32-year-old , ` but even a tap-in would be massive in a game like this . ` As the ball was dropping I was just concentrating on the strike . During the week I 've done a lot of shooting and as soon as it left my foot I knew it was in . ` It was an unbelievable feeling when it went in . I was very emotional for some reason , as everyone wanted the three points so badly . '