A Formula One fan was arrested on Friday after he ran across the track during practice for the Chinese Grand Prix . The man is believed to have scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall . It was reported that the fan then walked into the Ferrari garage expressing his desire to race a grand prix car . The man scaled the grandstand on the start-finish straight before running across the track during practice . After darting across the start-finish line during the second practice session he then made a bid for the pit wall . The man then climbs on to the pit wall and hauls himself over before heading to the Ferrari garage . The man was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting : ` I want a car . I 've got a ticket ' Waving his entry ticket , it is believed the local man shouted : ` I want a car . I have got a ticket . ' He was promptly handed over to the authorities and taken away from the circuit . Bystanders say he seemed a bit crazed , but not obviously drunk . The escapade will alarm Chinese officials , said to be embarrassed by the incident , with entry on to the circuit where cars reach speeds in excess of over 200mph , strictly prohibited . Motorsport 's governing body , the FIA , is currently looking into the matter , alongside the promoters and circuit officials . Neil Horan , wearing a kilt and waving a religious banner , took on a gaggle of cars at the 2003 British GP . The incident , which took place during the second practice session at the Shanghai International Circuit , will have evoked memories of the 2003 British Grand Prix when a protester stormed the track . Drivers were forced to take evasive action as fanatic Neil Horan , wearing a kilt and waving a religious banner , took on a a gaggle of cars at the 200mph Hangar Straight . The safety car was deployed before Horan was tackled by a race marshall and arrested . Friday 's incident also comes a year after the chequered flag at the Chinese Grand Prix was waved a lap early . ` I thought I was starting my last lap and I glanced up and saw something waving , and realised it was the chequered flag , ' race-winner Lewis Hamilton said of the embarrassing gaffe by a circuit marshall . ` I lifted and lost about a second and a half but the team said `` keep going '' . They told me the race stopped there . If the radio had failed and I had slowed down and Nico came past , that would have really sucked . Thank God , it did n't . ' Hamilton set the pace in both of Friday 's practice sessions as he bids to win his fourth race in Shanghai . Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . The Briton , mobbed by fans in the paddock , is bidding to win his fourth Chinese Grand Prix .