As Jeremy Clarkson continues to battle to save his career after being sacked form Top Gear , his estranged wife has been enjoying a family break in the Caribbean . Frances Clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini as she relaxed on a beach in Barbados . The 53 year old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over Easter in the skimpy swimsuit , which was covered in a black palm tree print . Scroll down for video . Frances Clarkson showed of her holiday tan in a white bikini during a dip in the sea on her Barbados holiday today . Frances appeared to be deep in thought as she paddled around in the clear blue waters , where she had been jet skiing two days beforehand . She accessorised with a Help For Heroes wristband and swept her sun-bleached hair up into a butterfly clip . Frances has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster - they headed to the island together after he was first pictured with his reported girlfriend Phillipa Sage . But Frances and Jeremy , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years . The 53 year old appeared deep in conversation as she headed across the beach to take a dip . Frances accessorised her look with a Help For Heroes wristband . The BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from the hit motoring show after a ` fracas ' involving a Top Gear producer . Clarkson left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him at a hotel in Hawes , North Yorkshire , after staff would n't serve him a hot meal following a day of filming . He has repeatedly apologised to Mr Tymon both in public and privately and it was announced today that he will not face any criminal charges for the attack . Holiday : Frances Clarkson , 53 , spent the Easter Bank Holiday weekend with family and friends in Barbados . Rushing to his side to comfort him throughout the ordeal has been events organiser Phillipa Sage , 45 , who became a feature in his life in 2010 when he was still in a relationship with Frances . It was claimed last year that his marriage had been under strain after reports he had engaged in extra-martial affairs . Last summer he told the MailOnline 's Piers Morgan he was ` going through a difficult divorce ' . In April 2011 Clarkson was accused of having an affair with Miss Sage while touring Australia , South Africa and Norway with his Top Gear co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May . Sunshine : Frances was spotted in a black bikini as she drove a jet ski and caught some rays in the sun . Relax : The 53-year-old has previously holidayed on the island with her estranged husband Jeremy Clarkson . He was alleged to have spent several nights with Miss Sage and kissed her on the lips in full view of observers on one occasion . Clarkson shrugged off the claims at the time , saying that he and Miss Sage had been simply ` colleagues fooling around ' . But shortly afterwards it was revealed that he was spending time during the week living in a bachelor pad in London . He denied that he had moved out of the family home in Chipping Norton , Oxfordshire , saying he used the London flat when he was editing Top Gear . Clarkson was photographed kissing Miss Sage while on holiday with her in Greece in 2013 , and they also visited Australia again . In October 2011 Clarkson lifted a High Court gagging order preventing his first wife , Alex Hall , from claiming that he had had an affair with her after he married Frances . Split : Frances has two daughters and a son with the 54-year-old broadcaster , but the pair are said to have been living apart for years . Distant : The BBC announced last month they were dropping her estranged husband from the hit motoring show after a ` fracas ' involving a Top Gear producer . Break : Frances walks along the beach with an unidentified man during the Easter holiday to the Caribbean . Mrs Hall , who married him in 1989 but separated from him after less than two years , alleged that they rekindled their relationship from 1999 onwards -- something he denied . Clarkson married Frances in 1993 and she encouraged him to cultivate a more aggressive on-screen persona to make Top Gear more controversial , say friends . In recent years he has been caught up in other controversies , including being accused of racism after he called an Asian man a ` slope ' when he joked about the construction of a bridge in Thailand during an episode of Top Gear . Estranged : Jeremy and Frances Clarkson married in 1993 but the pair have not lived together for years . Friends claim that it was Frances who pushed him to cultivate a more aggressive on-screen persona . In April 2011 Clarkson was accused of having an affair with Phillipa Sage -LRB- pictured kissing -RRB- while touring Australia , South Africa and Norway with his Top Gear co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May . There was outcry when Clarkson used the word , a derogatory term for people of Asian descent , during the show 's two-part Burma special , screened in March last year . In 2013 he came under fire after he allegedly used the n-word in leaked footage while reciting the rhyme ` eeny , meeny , miny , mo ' before apparently muttering ` catch a n ***** by his toe ' . But he escaped disciplinary action by the BBC with the Complaints and Appeals Board agreeing that the ` incident did not engage editorial standards as the material had not been broadcast ' .