Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game as Manchester United 's Under 21 side drew 1-1 at Leicester , although Rafael and Adnan Januzaj both limped off . Dutch forward Van Persie has been out of action since February with an ankle injury after leaving Swansea on crutches . But he was up and running again in the East Midlands , helping set up United 's goal for Sean Goss although his overall performance was rusty to say the least and he was replaced just after the hour . Defender Evans has been out for six games due to suspension following his spitting incident with Papiss Cisse at Newcastle back in March . Manchester United goalscorer Sean Goss -LRB- centre left -RRB- is congratulated by James Wilson -LRB- left -RRB- and Robin van Persie -LRB- centre right -RRB- . Goss levelled the scoreline in the 32nd minute by wriggling past Leicester 's defence before scoring past the helpless Adam Smith . Harry Panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by Leicester playmaker Anthony Knockaert . Leicester forward Panayiotou runs off in celebration after finding a way past Manchester United reserve goalkeeper Joel Castro Pereira . Manchester United right back Rafael had to be taken off in the 44th minute after sustaining a rib injury during the reserve match . LEICESTER CITY -LRB- 4-5-1 -RRB- : Smith ; Sesay , Davis , Moore Chilwell ; Knockaert , McCourt , Barmby -LRB- Rowley 75 -RRB- , Hammond -LRB- Stankevicius 68 -RRB- , Dodoo ; Panayiotou . Subs not used : O'Hara , Fletcher . Goal : Goss 32 . MANCHESTER UNITED -LRB- 4-5-1 -RRB- : J Pereira ; Rafael -LRB- Grimshaw 44 -RRB- , Evans , Blackett , Kellett ; Wilson , Thorpe , Love , Goss , Januzaj -LRB- Harrop 54 -RRB- ; Van Persie -LRB- Weir 62 -RRB- . Subs not used : Miles , Maddison , Scott . Goal : Panayiotou 18 . Referee : Simon Barrow . And despite his frustrating absence , Evans looked solid enough in a 90 minute appearance where he went close from a set piece before the break . However he will feel he should have denied Harry Panayiotou the opener for Leicester . Van Persie and Evans along with Rafael and Tyler Blackett were all in the United side that lost 5-3 to Leicester at the King Power Stadium back in September and keen to banish the memories of one of their lowest points of the season . United could have taken an early lead with James Wilson seeing a shot deflect wide from Andy Kellet 's cross . However it was Leicester who took the lead in the 19th minute , Anthony Knockaert 's tricks out wide enabled him to cross for Panayiotou , the highly-rated St Kitts and Nevis international , who powered home . It would be harsh to blame Evans for the goal but Panayiotou was his man and he will feel he should have done better . In response United went close through Januzaj who shot wide from distance while Joel Pereira had to do well to push Leicester midfielder Jak McCourt 's effort around the post . The visitors started to press with Adam Smith 's save keeping out a Wilson effort . Van Persie , who was an unused sub at Chelsea on Saturday , had been virtually anonymous in the opening half an hour with few touches of the ball . But he played his part in the leveller laying the ball off for Sean Goss who burst through the Leicester defence and finished well on 32 minutes . Louis van Gaal was hit by another injury when Rafael was forced off just before the break with an apparent rib injury after an aerial collision with Knockaert . Rafael looks in pain as Leicester 's Knockaert checks on the Brazilian defender during the first half of the draw at the King Power Stadium . Rafael had to be replaced by Liam Grimshaw shortly before the half-time interval despite managing to get back onto his feet . Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj was also taken off with an injury during the reserve encounter at Leicester 's King Power Stadium . Van Persie finally got his opportunity in first half stoppage time but his effort from outside the area was well saved by Smith . And from the resulting Januzaj corner , Smith made an even better stop to push Evans ' header over the bar . Rafael 's replacement Liam Grimshaw saw a shot deflect wide at the start of the second half before Van Persie 's next involvement was a lay-off that was intercepted by Dean Hammond in the area before it reached its intended target . A frustrating evening of injuries for United continued when Januzaj went off with what appeared to be a leg injury following another seemingly innocuous aerial collision with Knockaert . Van Persie was substituted on 62 minutes , going off to warm applause from all present at the King Power Stadium which had one side opened . It may not have been the goalscoring return he wanted , and indeed he looked fairly quiet , but it was the game time under his belt that he needed as he looks to score the goals that would seal a Champions League spot for Van Gaal 's side . You would still suspect a start at Everton on Sunday would be far too early for Van Persie -- but maybe not for Evans . The Northern Ireland international still had work to do late in the game as he marshalled a defence that came up against Knockaert , keen to force his way back into Nigel Pearson 's plans , who twice went close to finding the net . A ball across the box from Panayiotou also caused one or two alarms for the United back four but Evans can generally be pleased with his evening 's work . Wilson could have won it for the visitors late in the game but dragged a left-footed effort wide under pressure from Joe Davis . And he went in even closer deep into stoppage time as his effort was kept out by Smith from Kellet 's cross from the left . Januzaj awaits treatment from Manchester United 's medical staff before going off injured during the Under 21 encounter . Manchester United first team striker Van Persie -LRB- centre -RRB- was named in a strong Under 21 side as he aimed to work on his fitness . Van Persie , pictured before the Under 21 clash at the King Power Stadium , was an unused substitute during United 's defeat by Chelsea . Manchester United forward Van Persie played 62 minutes before being replaced by reserve team midfielder James Weir . Manchester United defender Tyler Blackett , who came on for the last 10 minutes against Chelsea , also made an appearance . Tom Thorpe captained United despite the presence of first team stars Van Persie , Rafael , Blackett , Januzaj and Jonny Evans . Manchester United centre back Evans will be hoping to be involved against Everton after serving a six-match ban for spitting . The Manchester United ace and Dutch international warms up ahead of the Under 21 match against Leicester City on Monday night . Leicester Under 21 boss Steve Beaglehole watches on as his side face a strong Manchester United side including Van Persie and Januzaj .