From David Cameron and Nick Clegg sitting on the Gogglebox sofa to Ed Miliband doing a Kate Winslet in Titanic , these are some of the best memes posted in reference to the leaders ' debate . Other images show Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon posing with a rather sceptical face , and Mr Miliband superimposed over London rapper Plan B , issuing a call to ` come at me bruv ' . This is thought to reference how the Labour leader posed a direct message to the Prime Minister , saying : ` David , if you think this election is about leadership , then debate me one-on-one . ' Labour leader : Mr Miliband is superimposed over London rapper Plan B , issuing a call to ` come at me bruv ' Watching at home : Prime Minister David Cameron and his deputy Nick Clegg were superimposed over Christopher Steed and Stephen Webb , two men from Brighton who appear on Channel 4 series Gogglebox . Alluring pose ? Mr Miliband was accompanied in one photo by the caption ` debate me like one of your French girls ' - a reference to when Rose asks Jack in the 1997 film Titanic to ` draw me like one of your French girls ' ` Fight me , b **** ' : The Labour leader posed a direct message to the Prime Minister , saying : ` David , if you think this election is about leadership , then debate me one-on-one ' Odd one out : The five party leaders who took part in the debate were put in the places of the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers in another image - although Mr Farage was hidden behind the Black Ranger , Zack Taylor . The images were inspired by a debate that saw Mr Miliband warned he would not get into power without lurching left , as Miss Sturgeon told him he is ` not strong enough ' to win power on his own . He took a high-risk choice to appear with the SNP leader , Ukip 's Nigel Farage , Green leader Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood - but David Cameron and Nick Clegg stayed away . The Prime Minister and his deputy were therefore superimposed over Christopher Steed and Stephen Webb , two men from Brighton who commentate on TV in the Channel 4 series Gogglebox . ` Did ye , aye ? ' : Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon poses with a sceptical face in this meme . Gone missing : This mock-up of Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg - superimposed on a clip from 2014 film The Riot Club was among the images posted under the hashtag #WhereAreCleggAndCameron . Wolf of Wall Street : It was also suggested that Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg could be partying with stockbrokers . Preparing for battle : Mr Miliband pictured as Rocky in the famous meat-punching scene from the 1976 film . On his own : Four of the five party leaders shook hands with each other - but Mr Farage -LRB- right -RRB- was left alone . Debate participants : -LRB- From left -RRB- Labour Party leader Ed Miiband , Plaid Cymru Party leader Leanne Wood , Green Party leader Natalie Bennett , Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon and Ukip 's Nigel Farage . And the five party leaders who did take part were put in the places of the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers in another image - although Mr Farage was hidden behind the Black Ranger , Zack Taylor . This was after the Ukip leader referred to a ` total lack of comprehension on this panel ' , and was shunned by most of the other politicians at the end of the debate , who did not shake hands with him . Meanwhile Mr Miliband was captioned with the phrase ` debate me like one of your French girls ' - a reference to when Rose asks Jack in the 1997 film Titanic to ` draw me like one of your French girls ' .