Busted : Sierra Pippen , 20 , is charged with public urination and public intoxication . NBA legend Scottie Pippen 's 20-year-old daughter was arrested by police early on Sunday after she walked into an Iowa hotel and urinated on the lobby floor . Police were called to the Sheraton in Iowa city around 1.30 am and the intoxicated Sierra Pippen was booked . Pippen was arrested at the same place on April 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel 's security . The Iowa City police officer who apprehended her on Sunday also said that Pippen ` accused me of being racist ' . Pippen was charged with public urination and public intoxication on Sunday and was released on a $ 500 bond at about 10 am . Police found Pippen outside of the hotel on Sunday smelling of booze and showing signs of intoxication , including impaired speech and loss of balance , according to the Smoking Gun . The Sheraton is a short walk from the campus of the University of Iowa , where the undergraduate student lives in residence halls and attends classes . She was ` wearing two bar wristbands ' even though she is underage , according to a criminal complaint . Pippen declined to take a field sobriety test and after her arrest she refused a Breathalyzer test , according to police . Scottie Pippen 's daughter Sierra Pippen , pictured left as a child with her father , was arrested on Sunday and charged with public intoxication and public urination . Police were called after Sierra Pippen allegedly urinated in the lobby of a Sheraton hotel in Iowa City , near the campus of University of Iowa , where she attends school . The woman 's Twitter page features a throwback picture of her as a young girl on her father 's lap , with the words , ` Im More Than Scottie Pippen 's daughter . Im Me Sierra Pippen ' -LRB- sic -RRB- . Pippen is one of her father 's six children . She 's the daughter of Scottie Pippen and his ex-fiancee Yvette Deleone , whom accused him of domestic abuse several times , according to philly.com . Charges were later dropped . Scottie Pippen , 49 , is a basketball Hall of Fame member , won six NBA championships with the Michael Jordan-led Chicago Bulls . He was also a member of two U.S. Olympic gold-medal winning teams , one of which was the 1992 Dream Team . Sierra Pippen is the daughter of Scottie Pippen , a former NBA basketball player . Scottie Pippen is a Hall of Famer who has won six NBA championship titles on Michael Jordan-led Chicago Bulls teams .