A Vietnam War veteran in Utah has said he 's surprised over the reason for the denial of his request for a personalized license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a Purple Heart . Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get ` CIB-69 ' put on a license plate , the Spectrum newspaper of St. George reported . That would have commemorated both Breitenbach getting the Purple Heart in 1969 and his Combat Infantryman 's Badge , according to the newspaper . Service : Vietnam veteran Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get ` CIB-69 ' put on a license plate . The Utah DMV denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations . Breitenbach had been an armored personnel carrier 's gunner during his time in the Army . He was inside the carrier 's gun turret as rocket-propelled grenades stuck and was left wounded , suffering temporary blindness . The Utah Division of Motor Vehicles denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations , The Spectrum reported . ` While your intended meaning behind the requested plate , CIB-69 , is honorable , the Division of Motor Vehicles is required to follow Utah law when approving personalized plates , ' Division of Motor Vehicles audit manager Sherri Murray said in a letter to Breitenbach that was obtained by the newspaper . Murray 's letter also reportedly said ` Administrative Rule R873-22M-34 is clear regarding the use of `` 69 '' on personalized plates -- `` 69 '' formats are prohibited unless used in a combination with the vehicle make , model , style , type , or commonly used or readily understood abbreviations of those terms . Breitenbach had been an armored personnel carrier 's gunner during his time in the Army , the Spectrum reported . He was inside the carrier 's gun turret as rocket-propelled grenades struck and was left wounded , suffering temporary blindness , according to the newspaper . Process : Though Breitenbach appealed to get ` CIB-69 ' put on his license plate , the appeal was rejected . Honored : Breitenbach has both the Purple Heart and the Combat Infantryman 's Badge . Breteinbach told the Spectum his hearing damage led to his Purple Heart . He also said : ` They 've got Viagra -LRB- ads -RRB- all over the place . I ca n't imagine myself sitting on the sofa with my parents when I was a little kid having something like that on TV . ` In today 's day and age , it seems like everything is out in the open . ' The Spectrum reported that Breitenbach was directed to an established appeals process after he contacted Utah 's Gov. Gary Herbert seeking assistance , before having his appeal denied in January . Breitenbach told the newspaper he chose not to appeal again and that it was n't worth the amount of time and money . He ended up getting a Purple Heart logo on a license plate minus ` CIB-69 , ' according to the Spectrum . A message seeking comment from the Utah Division of Motor Vehicles was n't immediately returned .