In telly terms , the FA Cup has had quite - what they like to call in the trade - a ` journey ' this season . This weekend saw its TV channel sidekicks deliver a double header with a new ally to help set the scene . This no doubt will have the purists , and perhaps even some fans of the four teams involved , spitting at the very mention . But with Wembley on board for both games , I doubt the BBC and BT Sport will have minded presenting their coverage from HQ . However , on Saturday evening , Ian Wright was dead sheepish about it in the BBC 's on-site studio . ` I do n't like semi finals at Wembley ' , said Wrighty squirming awkwardly in his seat at the prospect of it . Well , some twenty four hour or so later , Wembley was certainly delighted to host them . Arsenal players celebrate during the victory over Reading which saw the Gunners reach the FA Cup final . Fabian Delph -LRB- centre -RRB- is congratulated by his team-mates after scoring against Liverpool at Wembley . Wembley Stadium was a great setting for this weekend 's two FA Cup semi-final clashes . Prior to that first clash on Saturday between Arsenal and Reading , there had also been disgruntled talk from inside the Emirates Stadium . This time about the fact the match clashed with the big Premier league game between Chelsea and Manchester United . Yes , over on Sky Sports , you could have witnessed business as usual at Stamford Bridge . With a first half that Jamie Redknapp at one point described as ` difficult to watch ' . If you were n't watching Chelsea 's victory , what you could see instead was what turned out to be a genuine sporting event , a real footballing occasion . Alongside Wright , the extremely engaging Jason Roberts hoped his old club Reading would n't treat their premature trip to north west London as ` a day out ' and believed there was a chance the Royals could win against Arsenal . Well , they most certainly set aside the chance for some selfies and instead contributed wholly to a cracking game of football . A clash that was bursting out of the telly screen with atmosphere as the sun soaked some thrilling football and the crowd generated a groundswell of excitement . Reading , pictured celebrating after Garath McCleary 's goal , contributed to a great encounter on Saturday . What 's more , there were also a couple of errors that led to two memorable moments in the coverage . Firstly , when a film about the infamous 1990 FA Cup Semi Finals failed , Gary Lineker was left with a spare few minutes to fill . Which he did with a great chat about his guests ' Cup Final Wembley memories . ` It 's a wonderful experience , winning an FA Cup , is n't it Wrighty ? ' , observed Lineker before turning to the distinctly pot free Alan Shearer . ` Do n't start again , Gary ! ' , barked Al , his brief annoyance serving only to make the moment even funnier for his fellow ex pros . And then there was Reading 's Adam Federici . I was amazed at the end of the game when the director went through the familiar montage of close ups , and while doing so chose to cut away from manager Steve Clarke beginning to console his crestfallen keeper . A few minutes later , they did decide to show it , though . I almost wished they had n't as it was nearly too harrowing to watch the poor fella 's suffering . Nevertheless it was compelling stuff , and helped seal that first semi final as something a bit special . Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici -LRB- centre -RRB- is consoled by Royals boss Steve Clarke after the final whistle . Come Sunday , and the man who would be drawing the camera 's unblinking gaze was this time established right from the get go . As soon as Steven Gerrard was announced in the starting line up , there was no doubt which player was going to be at the heart of BT Sport 's story . Although it was n't all about the outgoing captain . They opened their coverage with a lovely little film in which two young fans - Villa 's Tom and Liverpool 's John-Paul -LRB- naturally ! -RRB- - recreated each team 's cup runs in their back gardens . We then saw the two young stars walking up Wembley way together , helping to remind us about the supporter 's part in the occasion . This was reiterated with a pre-match lap of the pitch by host Jake Humphrey and his pundits which really drew those of us at home into the moment . It also enabled us to hear the Villa fans give Robbie Savage a , shall we say , robust welcome as he approached their end ! Former Birmingham City midfielder Robbie Savage -LRB- right -RRB- received a robust welcome from the Villa faithful . From the moment we first saw Stevie G trotting out onto the pitch to warm up , right up until the moment commentator Ian Darke exclaimed ` off the line , Gerrard 's header ' , the outgoing skipper was very rarely far from the centre of attention . Come the final whistle , the Liverpool captain was clearly reluctant to be . It was something BT handled very cleverly by using their inset box innovation to show the on pitch interview with Man of the Match Fabian Delph as the main shot showed Gerrard sullenly leaving the Wembley turf for possibly the last time . Yet another moment that made Wembley the ideal setting for an FA Cup semi-final TV audience to enjoy even more magic from this season 's tournament ? I 'll leave that thought with you . Much of the attention was on Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard during Sunday 's semi-final clash on BT Sport .