It has been described as a ` maritime masterpiece ' . The ` finest ' steam yacht in Australia . Originally named Ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . And now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 , the Property Observer reports . This steam boat has been described as a maritime masterpiece . The finest steam yacht in Australia . Originally named Ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 . Agent Paul Summers said the Edwardian style yacht is on the market for more than $ 1.2 million . Designed by Walter Reeks more than a century ago , the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today . It first undertook war service as HMAS Sleuth in World War I before it sank years later in 1981 near Hobart after hitting an object underwater , according to the Property Observer . Ena was brought back to Sydney where she was purchased and further restored - and renamed ` Aurore ' - which in total reportedly cost around $ 4 million . She become a commercial cargo and fishing vessel . The boat then came under the ownership of miner Pat Burke , which became the infamous playground for his close friends at the time - Rene Rivkin and David Baffsky , the Property Observer reports . Designed by Walter Reeks more than a century ago , the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today . The historica steam boat was initially named Ena then renamed after Aurore . The boat first undertook war service as HMAS Sleuthin World War I before it sank years later in 1981 near Hobart after hitting an object underwater , according to the Property Observer . The main saloon of the Edwardian style yacht also features a detailed timber table . The interior has varnished timber throughout , while below the deck there is a ladies ' cabin that has seating and carved woodwork with etched glass murals . It 's further marketed to have a gentlemen 's saloon with the addition of day beds and a folding card table . Since then it has been relocated from Sydney to Melbourne , available for exclusive cruises on Port Phillip Bay and Yarra River . Inspections of the historic steam boat is by appointment only and will be up for auction on Tuesday , May 19 . The boat became a luxury playground for Rene Rivkin and his mates . Since then Ena has been relocated from Sydney to Melbourne for exclusive cruises on Port Phillip Bay and Yarra River . The interior has varnished timber throughout , while below the deck there is a ladies ' cabin that has seating and carved woodwork with etched glass murals . It 's further marketed to have a gentlemen 's saloon complete with day beds and a folding card table . The main also features a detailed timber table . Listed by Paul Sumner at Mossgreen , he told the Property Observer the Edwardian style yacht is on the market for more than $ 1.2 million . Inspections of the historic steam boat is by appointment only . It will be up for auction on Tuesday , May 19 .