Selfie queen Karen Danczuk has revealed her ambition to be an MP -- insisting she could relate to ordinary women unlike the current crop of female politicians . Mrs Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them . The glamorous Labour councillor , who is married to the outspoken MP Simon Danczuk , said Parliament needed people like her ` to bring it back down to reality ' . Scroll down for video . Selfie queen Karen Danczuk told LBC 's Nick Ferrari -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Liverpool today that she aspired to be an MP -- insisting she could relate to ordinary women unlike the current crop of female politicians . Mrs Danczuk , 31 , who revealed earlier this year that she had suffered sexual abuse , told LBC 's Nick Ferrari that she had rebuilt her life after being ` shattered ' as a child . She said she used provocative selfie pictures on Twitter as a way of saying to others : ` I will not be ashamed about who I am . ' Mrs Danczuk said she had rebuilt her life after the abuse , but now had the confidence to go into politics . She said : ` There 's not many women that can relate to women . The women we do have in politics -- and I 'm not being rude to them because they 're really , really good -- are they relating to ordinary women ? I think they could relate a bit more . ' Mrs Danczuk became a hit on Twitter after posting a series of provocative photos of herself . She now describes herself as the ` selfie queen ' Mrs Danczuk , 31 , who revealed earlier this year that she had suffered sexual abuse , told LBC 's Nick Ferrari that she had rebuilt her life after being ` shattered ' as a child . Ms Danczuk was asked if she would go into mainstream politics and replied : ` Yeah , I would . I think in some ways women like me need to , to bring it back down to reality . ' The mother of two said she did n't agree with the way women politicians always talked about female issue like childcare . She said : ` I do n't necessarily think we should assume that because you 're a women , you should focus all your time and effort focussing on childcare . ` Just speaking a language they understand -- you know , dashing to do a school run , to then dash to the supermarket -- just speaking about everyday problems . ' She said : ` Women that I speak to , there 's just nothing there for them to relate to . ' Karen Danczuk , pictured outside Parliament last week , could find herself on the Commons benches with her husband . Mrs Danczuk , the Labour councillor and wife of MP Simon Danczuk , stopped for a drink at the Red Lion pub outside Parliament . Mrs Danczuk also spoke about the sex abuse abuse she suffered as a child and called for anyone who had gone through it to see a therapist . She said : ` It shatters you -- you trust no-one . You have nightmares . You ca n't live a normal live . ' But she said therapy had helped . ` I will not be ashamed about who I am . I used to be ashamed . If anyone says you should n't wear low-cut tops -- no , reclaiming your body is a part of the process of recovery . ` Your body has been taken away from you -- they take your body , you lose control of it . It 's not a good place to be . ' She said she used to have ` horrific nightmares ' every night and could n't sleep . Mrs Danczuk said having therapy and ` dealing with it ' had transformed her life . ` I do n't think I 'm God 's gift to man , but I just have that confidence back because I 've took control of my life -- because that 's what therapy does . ' She said selfies were important to her because they allowed her to be herself . ` It 's just been happy with you . Selfies are a reflection of saying `` this is me , take me as I am '' . ` This is me taking a selfie -- anyone saying do n't do it , I say just do n't look because this is me . '