NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans . Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy . Greenberg , who spent five years in charge of Canterbury , said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found . Scroll down for video . A touch judge is hit by a bottle at the end of the Round 5 NRL match between the Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs and the South Sydney Rabbitohs at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on Friday . Bulldogs CEO Raelene Castle checks on the NRL interchange official who has been injured at the end of game . ` I have been saying for several months , and today highlights it , that we need to put more respect and more attention around our match officials and referees , ' Greenberg said . ` The behaviour of fans today at this game was completely unacceptable . ` I will be having as much dialogue as needed with the club , stadium and authorities to make sure appropriate penalties are handed out . ' Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands . NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans . ` He 's in a pretty bad way . That is not acceptable , ' Greenberg said . ` There are life bans available for us under the rules and we will work with the stadium , with the club and with the police to find those culprits . ` People come to the football to enjoy the football . We have a lot of people working on the sidelines and what we saw at the end of that game is unacceptable . ' Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs in an intense encounter at ANZ Stadium in Sydney during the Good Friday showdown . ` I have been saying for several months , and today highlights it , that we need to put more respect and more attention around our match officials and referees , ' Greenberg said . But fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute , effectively handing the Rabbitohs the win . As referees , officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time , a section of the crowd hurled water bottles and abuse at them . Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground . It 's understood Sutton slipped as he attempted to dodge the missiles being thrown from the crowd . He was assisted to his feet and moved to the officials room after he managed to escape with no injuries . David Klemmer and James Graham confront referee Gerard Sutton after awarding Rabbitohs a late penalty . A NSW police spokeswoman has confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles as they continue to investigate the incident . ` Police will be taking legal action against them while inquiries to identify others involved are continuing , ' a police statement said . Canterbury coach Des Hasler apologised on behalf of his club over the actions of some fans after objects were thrown . ` I just want to offer an apology on behalf of the club , ' Hasler said . ` I 've been to see the refereeing official who was I think struck by a projectile he 's ok but that is not us , that is not what this club is about and it 's not what sport in this country is about . ` Unfortunately the behaviour of a few can kind of ruin it and spoil it for everybody . ` On behalf of all the officials and the players and everybody involved with the club , our sincerest apologies for what appeared and it wo n't happen again . ' A Bulldogs supporter gestures at the end of the match after a controversial penalty was awarded to Souths . Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the incident will be investigated and the club has called for a life ban on fans who were involved in the attack . Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the club has called for a life ban from all NRL fixtures on fans who were responsible in the attack as they investigate the incident . ` It 's not what this club is about and it 's not acceptable behaviour , ' Castle said . ` We will look at the vision and take action . ` Even thought we lost it is unacceptable for fans to throw bottles !! We will work to find the culprits ! ' 9 News reported that there was a coward punch attack outside the stadium following the incident . Bulldogs fans react towards the match officials at full time at ANZ Stadium on Friday night in Sydney . As referees , officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel , a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them . A Bulldogs supporter was not impressed after Rabbitohs were awarded a late penalty . The incident comes after Sutton awarded the Rabbitohs a late penalty after Graham was placed on report for the incident that saw Reynolds struggle off the ground on crutches and a knee brace . Bulldogs fans were incensed when the Rabbitohs were awarded a kick right in front of the posts , after a late tackle on Reynolds as he attempted a field goal . Sutton then invoked the NRL rulebook which states that if a player impedes an opponent when attempting a field goal the penalty will be taken from 10 metres out . Graham was furious at the decision and he and fellow prop David Klemmer surrounded Sutton with Klemmer sin-binned for yelling : ` You 're off your f ****** g face , ' in the face of the lead official . Bulldogs supporters gesture to George Burgess at the end of their Round 5 NRL match on Friday night . Police speak to Bulldogs supporters after officials and referees were showered with plastic water bottles . Rabbitohs players gestures towards their fans after victory over the Bulldogs at ANZ Stadium .