The disabled pensioner who received donations from around the world after being beaten by a drug addict outside his home has got the keys to a new house . Alan Barnes , who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall , was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead , Tyne and Wear earlier this year after he was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss . The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician Katie Cutler , 21 , which raised £ 330,000 . Mr Barnes , 67 , was today handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house where he says he will feel safer . Disabled pensioner Alan Barnes picked up the keys for his new home today after strangers raised £ 300,000 . Mr Barnes said it felt ` fantastic ' to be in his new home as he showed off its modern kitchen . The 67-year-old said that he felt safer in the two-bedroom terraced property which he was able to buy after receiving donations from around the world . ` It 's fantastic to finally be in the house after all this time , ' he said . ` I was living a bit further up the hill before but this house is better and more handy when I need to go the Co-op and the shops . ` I have n't shown Katie the house yet but I 'm looking forward to telling her about it . ` It 's lovely to have my independence back . I 'm looking forward to seeing the locals again and having a chat with them . ' The £ 150,000 property boasts two bedrooms , a spacious living room , modern kitchen and large bathroom . It also has an outside barbecue area for entertaining and is just a short walk from the local shops of his native Low Fell , Gateshead . Mr Barnes now plans to use the remainder of the donated money to furnish his new home . The Victorian terrace is a far cry from his previous address , a sparse one-bed bungalow with no garden . Mr Barnes said that it was ` lovely to get his independence back ' after picking up the keys to his new home . Mr Barnes said he was ` looking forward ' to telling beautician Katie Cutler , who launched the fund , all about his new home . Mr Barnes said he was ` grateful ' to everyone who helped him get the property , including Miss Cutler , pictured . ` I 'm about 15 minutes away from my other house but it 's down lots of different streets and turns as well , ' said the pensioner . ` I think I 'll go for a walk tonight round the area and get my bearings again . ` I 've had a couple of visitors and my sister brought me over today , to help me move in . It has been a busy day . ` I 'm very grateful still to everyone who helped me get this house , especially Katie . ` I 'm glad I 've put the money to good use . ` I have n't spent it all in case I need some extra to refurbish the house . ' Mr Barnes , who was born with disabilities after his mother contracted German measles while she was pregnant , had previously told of his plans to move near Ms Cutler . He wanted to make sure the pair , who have become close friends since the incident , could stay in touch . Richard Gatiss , 25 , was jailed for four years at Newcastle Crown Court for targeting Mr Barnes . ` I considered where Katie lives but after thinking about it there 's two reasons I have n't , ' he said . ` One was I would 've had to depend on my family to do things and I did n't know if Katie would be moving somewhere else so I thought just take this option and go to Low Fell . ' He also revealed dreams of going on a break to Barbados . Earlier this month Richard Gatiss , 25 , was jailed for four years at Newcastle Crown Court for targeting Mr Barnes to fund his addiction . During the attack in January , Gatiss crept up on Mr Barnes in a dark alley while the pensioner was putting his bin out . When he was arrested they found his DNA on his 67-year-old victim . Gatiss told police he was so desperate for drug money he would have ` targeted anyone ' .