When keen runner Julie Creffield was training for a marathon when she was a size 18 , she was often heckled with taunts of ` Oi , fatty ! ' as she ran . Even her doctor told her she was too big to contemplate running 26.2 miles and should give up on her goal . With stories like this , it is perhaps no surprise that a new survey has found two thirds of women believe they ca n't run - despite being desperate to be fitter and healthier . Scroll down for video . When she was a size 18 , Julie was told she was too fat to run but she completed a marathon , left , and has done numerous races since , including one at the London 2012 Olympic park , right . Julie , 37 , from Stratford in East London , did n't let her critics stop her from running . She completed a marathon in 2012 - and has done numerous other races since . Now through her website , The Fat Girl 's Guide To Running , she 's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size and ability . She appeared on today 's This Morning with sub-three hour marathoner Nell McAndrew to launch the ITV show 's Run For Your Life campaign . Julie said : ` Two million more men than women in the UK play sport because women are often too worried about what they look like and fear they will be judged by others , this has to stop . ` Run For Your Life will show that anyone can find success with running , and show that women of all shapes and sizes that running can be fun and can be a great way of improving physical and mental health . And if enough women get involved and give it a go , we can really start tackling negative perceptions in our own communities . ` I was told by a doctor I was too fat to run , and just three weeks later I proved him wrong by running the Brighton Marathon , but you do n't have to be able to run far or even fast to benefit from the joys of running , its all about taking part and being inspired ... even if you are still a little bit rubbish at it . ' Julie , back right , appeared on today 's This Morning with Nell McAndrew , back left , to encourage women to take up running . Front row from left : Francesca , Kerrie and Shirley are taking up the challenge . Marathon runner Nell McAndrew encouraged the women to believe in themselves . Nell , whose Guide To Running book was published by Bloomsbury this month , added : ` Break down that barrier of being embarrassed and you will meet like-minded people in the running community . ` There 's lots of support on Twitter with groups such as UK Run Chat . ` When you start running , your confidence will soon grow . I just used to go to local park and could only manage short distances but I gradually built it up . Doing races is real confidence booster so believe in yourself as you can do it . ' A This Morning poll of 1000 women found that 60 per cent think they ca n't run yet 88 per cent would like to be fitter than they are . Seventy per cent have n't been for a run in the last year but more than 75 per cent plan on getting fitter this year . Many women are put off running because they fear they are not fit enough and are self-conscious about being seen sweating and panting while out on a jog . Julie loves running and has never let her size hold her back . She encourages other women to do the same . Others believe their size is holding them back so they do n't bother - even though by taking up the sport they could lose weight . The This Morning project , like the recently launched ` This Girl Can ' Sport England campaign , aims to show women they can run - even if they are currently unfit and overweight . The show will follow three novice runners - Shirley Hargan-Kennedy , 38 , from Glasgow , Francesca Kennedy , 23 , from Redditch , and Kerrie Jones , 37 , from Cannock , Staffs - as they train for five weeks to run 5K . The show is encouraging viewers to join them on the journey by taking up running themselves . The three women revealed they currently fall into the camp of not believing they can run but want to give it a go to improve their health and wellbeing . Phillip Schofield hands out new trainers to the three woman sat on the sofa who believe they ca n't run but have agreed to try a five week programme culminating in a 5k race . Francesca said : ` I 've tried running up and down my close and I feel like I 'm going to have a heart attack . ' Shirley said she wants to become like the runners she sees out training enjoying the exercise and taking in the scenic countryside when they run off-road . Overweight Kerry explained that her motivation is to partly aid weightloss , as well as to set a good example to her children . She said : ` I know I have always been fat but finding out I 'm now classed as clinically obese is scary . ` I need to do this for my children , it 's not about dress size anymore it 's about health . Society is more accepting of big woman now but for health that 's not good . ` What I hope to get from this is a new me so I 'm not the fat mum at the school gates . ' Julie knows how Kerry feels as she weighed 20st when she first started running in 2003 . Now she is slimmer and fitter but she explains women have so much more to gain from taking up running than just weightloss . Nell looked the part as she arrived at the ITV studios in her running leggings and trainers . She said : ` I 'm not a size 8 and if I can do it , so can you . Woman who take up running will come to realise it 's fun and then they will want to do it more . We often hate running as it hurts but you can find ways to enjoy it . ` You have to build up gradually stop letting excuses like having bad knees or a bad back or no sports bra stopping you getting out the door . Get out and start walking then build up to running and you will see the health improvements . ' Julia advised anyone who is concerned about taking up running to speak to their doctor first . To avoid injury , she also recommends wearing supportive trainers , starting slowly and stretching after running . One of the reasons many people avoid running is a fear that it 's bad for their knees . But a study of 75,000 runners , which was published in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise last year , found that ` running significantly reduced osteoarthritis and hip replacement risk due to , in part , running 's association with lower BMI -LRB- Body Mass Index -RRB- ' . Nell McAndrew finishing the 2012 London Marathon . 1 . Invest in a good pair of trainers and some seam-free running socks . You are best going to a specialist shop for this as they will assess your running gait -LRB- or style -RRB- to find the appropriate pair . It 's the only big investment you have to make and it 's so important that your feet are comfortable . 2 . Buy a good sports bra . Aside from running shoes , this is the other essential for women . 3 . Team up with a friend so that you can support and motivate each other . If you have arranged to meet someone you 'll be less likely to back out . Running with someone else also helps the minutes tick by as you have a good gossip . Alternatively look for a beginner 's group or couch to 5 km scheme in your area -LRB- runengland.org is a great place to start -RRB- . 4 . Make steady progress . If you have n't run before , download a couch to 5 km programme or app -LRB- there are plenty available for free -RRB- as they advocate lots of walking and running to start with . Build up gradually , increasing your running duration by no more than 10 per cent every week . 5 . Have a plan . We women are all so busy and I find it helps to sit down at the start of the week and think about what I have on each day so that I can plan when to fit in a run . It 's amazing how it slots into your routine - I 've jogged to school to pick up my son with my daughter in the pushchair and then jogged back as he scoots or cycles along with us . Make it work for you . 6 . Log your progress . Psychologists have proven that keeping a record of your running achievements helps to spur you on . So write everything down in a diary and flick back through it when you need a boost . 7 . Enter a race . OK , this is not as daunting as it sounds , I recommend everyone tries a parkrun -LRB- parkrun.org.uk -RRB- after about 5-6 weeks of running regularly . These free 5 km events are held weekly at around 300 parks in the UK . 8 . Be competitive . This does n't mean you are aiming to win Olympic medals or set a record for your age group . But making targets for yourself can keep you going . It might be that you set a goal of running 5 km after 6 weeks or finishing ahead of a certain person in training . It all helps hugely with motivation . 9 . Eat well . One of the things I love about running regularly is that I can stay in shape without having to stick to a strict diet that forbids the eating of certain food groups . In my modelling days , the girls who were on no-carb , or no-fat diets always seemed so miserable . And sports scientists all agree that a moderate amount of carbs are essential for running . 10 . Remember why you run . Maybe it 's to lose weight , to raise money for charity or to de-stress . Whatever the reason , do n't lose sight of it . That way when that little voice inside your head tries to stop you from heading out on a run to stay on the sofa with chocolate instead , you will overcome it . Running will empower you in a million ways . Run first and eat your chocolate afterwards -LRB- chocolate milk is proven to be a great recovery drink -RRB- . This Morning 's Run For Your Life campaign starts today at 10.30 am on ITV . Visit www.itv.com/thismorning for more details .