To celebrate the 10th birthday of the Football League Awards , a team celebrating the best players from below England 's top tier during that decade has been put together , including a host of stars . The world 's most expensive footballer and Real Madrid star Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of English football . He is joined by seven current Barclays Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League . Here 's the team in full : . GOALKEEPER . Kasper Schmeichel -LRB- Darlington , Bury , Cardiff City , Coventry City , Notts County , Leeds United , Leicester City -RRB- . Now with Leicester in the Premier League , Schmeichel has been named in as part of three Football League Team -LRB- s -RRB- of the Season and has promotions from League Two and the Championship on his CV . Now with Leicester in the Premier League , Kasper Schmeichel has been named in three Team -LRB- s -RRB- of the Season . DEFENCE . Angel Rangel -LRB- Swansea City -RRB- . Classy right back has risen from League One to the Premier League with Swansea , impressing in his four seasons in the Football League after moving from Spain . Classy right back Angel Rangel has risen from League One to the Premier League with Swansea City . Ashley Williams -LRB- Swansea City -RRB- . Another player to be promoted twice with Swansea , Williams is now an established top-flight international centre back and captains his club and country . Ashley Williams is now an established top-flight international centre back and captains his club and country . Wes Morgan -LRB- Nottingham Forest , Leicester City -RRB- . Always commanding in the centre of defence , Morgan has made over 400 Football League appearances across successful spells with Forest and Leicester . West Morgan has made over 400 Football League appearances with Nottingham Forest and Leicester City . Gareth Bale -LRB- Southampton -RRB- . He only spent full one season in the lower divisions , but it would seem strange to leave Bale out of this team . He scored five goals from left back in the Championship back in 2006-07 . Gareth Bale only spent full one season in the lower divisions , but it would seem strange to leave him out . MIDFIELD . Wes Hoolahan -LRB- Blackpool , Norwich City -RRB- . One of the Football League 's best midfielders consistently , Hoolahan has sandwiched three years in the top flight with time in the lower leagues and could be in line for a fourth promotion this season . Wes Hoolahan has been one of the Football League 's best midfielders consistently with Blackpool and Norwich . Adam Lallana -LRB- Southampton , Bournemouth -RRB- . Now at Liverpool , Lallana rose through the ranks with Southampton and moved from League One to the Premier League with back-to-back promotions in 2011 and 2012 . Adam Lallana rose through the ranks with Southampton and moved from League One to the Premier League . Peter Whittingham -LRB- Derby County , Cardiff City -RRB- . The only non-striker to top the scoring charts , in the 2009-10 season , Whittingham has been a constant presence for Cardiff since moving from Aston Villa in 2007 . Peter Whittingham has been a constant presence for Cardiff since moving from Aston Villa in 2007 . FORWARDS . Glenn Murray -LRB- Carlisle United , Stockport County , Rochdale , Brighton & Hove Albion , Crystal Palace , Reading -RRB- . He 's been consistently knocking in the goals for clubs across the Football League for years , and now Murray is finally getting a real chance at the Premier League with Crystal Palace - and he 's taking it well . Glenn Murray has been consistently knocking in the goals for clubs across the Football League for years . Rickie Lambert -LRB- Rochdale , Bristol Rovers , Southampton -RRB- . Nobody has scored more goals -LRB- 153 -RRB- in the Football League over the last 10 years than Lambert , so he is a no-brainer for this side . Nobody has scored more goals -LRB- 153 -RRB- in the Football League over the last 10 years than Rickie Lambert . Jordan Rhodes -LRB- Ipswich Town , Rochdale , Brentford , Huddersfield Town , Blackburn Rovers -RRB- . So prolific in the lower divisions , Rhodes became the most expensive Football League transfer when he joined Blackburn and is regularly linked with a move to the top flight . Prolific striker Jordan Rhodes became the most expensive Football League transfer when he joined Blackburn . MANAGER . Eddie Howe -LRB- Bournemouth , Burnley -RRB- . Two brilliant spells with Bournemouth sandwich a brief stint with Burnley for Howe , who looks like he may be a Premier League manager next season . Eddie Howe looks like he may be a Premier League manager next season with Bournemouth going strong . The Football Manager Football League Team of the Decade , in full , as revealed at the Football League Awards .