An Ohio woman discovered that her biological mother worked at the same company as her and lived only six minutes away . The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1 , 1964 , and September 18 , 1996 , last month , allowing people their first access to the information . After receiving her records in the mail , La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark , 38 , of Youngstown , finally got the answers she 's wanted almost her whole life . She looked up her mother 's name , Francine Simmons , on Facebook and found out she worked Infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at . La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark -LRB- left -RRB- of Youngstown , Ohio , found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons -LRB- right -RRB- after the Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1 , 1964 , and September 18 , 1996 , last month . ` Ever since I found out that I was adopted I wanted to know who my biological mother was , ' Mitchell-Clark told WYTV . And after connecting the dots , she realized her mother was closer than she could imagine . ` There 's a Francine that works at my job , ' she said after finding the woman on Facebook . ` She works in VR and she works at the front desk . ' She reached out to friends on social media who knew Simmons and the next day she got a phone call from her birth mother . ` She called me and I said , `` Is this Ms. Francine ? '' She said , yes . I said , `` I think I 'm your daughter '' , ' Mitchell-Clark said about the first time the women spoke . And , as it turns out , the mother and daughter live just six minutes away from one another in Youngstown . Simmons said she was ` still in shock ' from finding out about her daughter , who she always wanted to contact but never knew how . Mitchell-Clark -LRB- left -RRB- reached out through social media to speak with Simmons -LRB- right -RRB- and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call . They found out they work at the came call-center operations company and live six minutes away from one another . Mitchell-Clark also found out that she had three biological younger sisters . Two of the sisters , Kamala -LRB- left -RRB- and Maisha -LRB- right -RRB- Cummings , said that the reunion was ` a relief ' and ` amazing ' for their family . ` I got pregnant when I was 14 . I had her when I was 15 . I was put in a home , a girl 's home . Had her . Got to hold her . Did n't get to name her , but I named her myself in my heart all these years , ' Simmons told WYTV . Mitchell-Clark also found out that she has three younger sisters she did n't know about . Simmons 's daughter Kamala Cummings said that meeting Mitchell-Clark has been ` a sense of relief ' for her family , particularly for her mother . ` It 's just amazing that all this time we 're thinking about her and trying to find her and she was trying to find us , too , ' Maisha Cummings , another daughter of Simmons , told WYTV . Mitchell-Clark said that her adoptive parents have been very supportive of her search for her biological parents . ' -LRB- They 've -RRB- always encouraged me to look for them . They 're going to be a part of this , too , ' she said .