The grey ` stealth ' speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election . Hidden cameras credited with a 25 per cent spike in speeding fines could be banned from motorways within months . The grey ` stealth ' speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election , it has been suggested . New figures revealed at least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year -- a quarter more than in the previous year . The increase has been put down to the introduction of ` smart motorways ' which use the cameras , known as Hadecs , to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions . This means many drivers are being given the minimum £ 100 fines despite driving under the national motorway speed limit of 70mph . The Conservatives are already moving to scrap the controversial cameras if an ongoing review criticises their use when it reports back in the summer . And Labour has pledged to repaint them yellow so they are easier for drivers to spot . The grey cameras are becoming an increasing threat to drivers as the number of smart motorways is due to increase four fold over the next 10 years to stretch across 800 miles . But Labour has said if it wins the election , it will issue new guidelines stipulating all motorway speed cameras are yellow and any existing grey ones will be painted . A party source told The Sunday Telegraph there was a loophole which allowed the grey cameras on major roads but not smaller roads . Most of the drivers were caught last year were caught on parts of the M25 , M1 , M4 and M5 . Roads minister John Hayes , who ordered the Highways England review which is due to report back this summer , has said he was concerned about ` stealth cameras ' and it was important drivers knew where they were . The use of the less noticeable cameras has led to claims that police are using stealth to catch out drivers . And a Conservative source yesterday said : ` We 've announced a review into this and if that review shows serious problems , we will take action to stop grey cameras . ' Nearly 113,000 drivers were handed speeding penalties last year according to Freedom of Information statistics provided by 24 out of 45 police forces compared to close to 89,000 in 2013 and almost 55,000 in 2010 . If caught by a speed camera , drivers face a minimum £ 100 fine and three points on their licence , or a court summons . Avon and Somerset police caught 23,086 motorists speeding in 2014 -- a rise of 756 on the year before , and Nottinghamshire police fined 9,472 drivers - up from 3,808 . And both forces have linked the rises to the use of the grey cameras . A Highways England spokesman said : ` It has always been up to individual police forces whether to use cameras on the motorway network to enforce the national speed limit . ' As the use of smart motorways is extended from current levels of around 200 miles to 800 miles over the next ten years the number of fines is set to rise even more .