A four-year-old boy got trapped in an arcade game after climbing in to the ` claw ' machine when he failed to win a teddy . Henry Howes narrowly failed to pick up a Despicable Me toy as he played the notoriously difficult claw game at his local swimming pool in Tamworth , Staffordshire . Desperate to get to his hands on the teddy , he put his hand inside the machine 's hatch - but when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside . Scroll down for video . Trapped : Henry Howes got stuck inside an arcade game at the Snowdome in Tamworth , Staffordshire . Grumpy : But the four-year-old was unhurt after spending half an hour trapped in the machine . Luckily , his nine-year-old brother Harvey witnessed the accident , so was able to run and call their mother Emma . She alerted staff at the Snowdome leisure centre , but Henry was trapped for half an hour as workers looked for the key to the machine . Mrs Howes , 33 , said : ` He asked if he could have a go on the teddy machine so I gave him £ 1 and told him to go with his big brother . ` Off they went round the corner and then his brother came back and said , `` Henry is stuck in the machine . '' I assumed he meant his hand - I did n't think he 'd be inside the machine . He was completely inside it ! ` He had picked the teddy up with the claw and it had dropped with the teddy 's leg hanging over the edge . Struggle : It took workers half an hour to free Henry as they searched for the keys to the machine . Free at last : Henry eventually made his way out of the machine - and got to keep the cuddly toy . ` He opened up the hatch and reached up to get it and when his bottom got under the hatch door it just flipped down . It came down on him . ' She added : ` I do n't know how he managed to get in there . He 's only four but he 's a tall lad . ` I was laughing my head off . I could see that he was fine and he was n't upset . ` I had to go to the reception and tell them my son was stuck in the machine . They could n't believe it either . He was in there for a good half an hour . ' Henry had previously gone for a swimming lesson with Harvey , and was waiting for his sister Scarlett , seven , to finish her class when he got stuck in the machine . Relief : Henry 's mother Emma said she could tell that the young boy was unhurt while in the machine . Venue : Henry had just finished a swimming lesson at the Snowdome in Tamworth , pictured . As staff hunted for the keys , Mrs Howes tried to encourage Henry to open the machine from the inside , but he refused because he did n't want to release the teddy from his grasp . ` They tried to take one side off but they could n't find the keys , ' she said . ` We were asking him to reach up and get at the screws but he would n't let go of the teddy . Eventually they managed to get the other side open . ` I said to the lady , `` I hope you 'll let him have it , '' and they did . He has n't let go of it since . He went to bed with it that night . ' Mrs Howes , who lives in Tamworth with husband Don , added : ` When I showed his dad he laughed too . He said it was the kind of thing he would have done when he was young . ` Henry is very adventurous . I 'm worried he 's going to do it again to get another toy because it really did n't bother him . He 's quite pleased . '