A week after 10 doctors urged Columbia University to sever all ties with him , Dr. Oz has used his syndicated TV show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods . The celebrity doctor did n't pull any punches in Thursday 's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics . ` The 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted -- sensational headlines and sound bites , ' said Oz . Scroll down for video . The celebrity doctor used Thursday 's episode of The Dr. Oz Show to hit back and claim that the criticism he 's received is part of a conspiracy because of his outspoken views on genetically modified food . The 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where Oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians . The doctors accused him of being a ` charlatan ' who promotes ` quack treatments ' and as someone who ` has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine , as well as baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops ' . ` It 's ironic that I am being accused of a conflict of interest by these doctors , when , as you are about to see , some of them have their own conflict of interest issues - and some integrity ones also , ' he said on Thursday 's show . A report followed revealing how some of the 10 doctors ` have big ties to big industry . ' Four who signed the letter , including leader author Henry Miller , have at some point been associated with the American Council on Science and Health . The organization has previously received grants from Monsanto , who manufactures GMO seeds . ` They are rent-a-scientists , ' said Gary Ruskin , cofounder and the executive director of US Right to Know , of Oz 's critics . Thursday 's Dr. Oz Show featured a report revealing how some of the 10 doctors ` have big ties to big industry ' ` What Henry Miller does is he speaks on behalf of big corporations and he tells big lies on their behalf , ' said Ruskin . During the almost half an hour defense of his reputation , Oz also denied having it in for genetically modified foods . ` That is not true . I have never judged GMO foods . But just like 64 countries around the world , I support GMO labeling so you can decide on the foods for your family . ' Another Oz alley , Joel Fuhrman , said the doctors were n't ` representative of the medical profession . ' ` It 's ugly , ' he told Oz . ` Number one , they 're not representative of the medical profession . Number two , it is not an attack just against you . It is an attack against all physicians , all health care professionals , all people who maybe do n't take a standard party line . ' Oz also included a statement from the BMJ , which he described as his harshest critic . Ten doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position because he is a ` charlatan ' who promotes ` quack treatments ' A BMJ analysis of 40 random episodes of his show revealed that his recommendations were supported by evidence only 46 percent of the time . On Thursday , Oz shared a statement from the BMJ that said the authors of the study were ` disappointed that the overwhelming commentary seems to be that our study somehow proves that Dr Oz or The Doctors are quacks or charlatans or worse . ` Our data in no way supports these conclusions . ' Responding to the criticism that he promotes ` quack treatments ' , Oz said his show 's purpose was ` not to talk about medicine ' but to discuss ` the good life . ' He told NBC News that the Dr. Oz Show is actually ` not a medical show , ' but that he had decided to no longer use ` inflammatory ' words like ` miracle ' . ` The purpose is not to throw at you the biggest articles published by doctors that week . Frankly it 's not very much fun to listen to -LSB- those -RSB- , either . It 's to have a conversation with people who may be feeling the way you feel right now and maybe got better . ' The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993 . He has been hosting his health and wellness talk show since 2009 . Dr Miller had led the campaign against Dr Oz . ` He 's a quack and a fake and a charlatan . I think I know the motivation at Columbia . ` They 're star-struck , and like having on their faculty the best-known doctor in the country . ` But the fact is that his advice endangers patients , and this does n't seem to faze them . ' From left to right , Dr Phil McGraw , financial advisor Suze Orman , host Oprah Winfrey , Dr Mehmet Oz and interior designer Nate Berkus participate in The Oprah Winfrey Show live from Radio City Music Hall in 2010 . He told CBS News that ` a person who endangers patients and is a menace to public health should not be on the faculty of a prestigious medical institution ' . The nine other doctors from across the country included Dr Joel Tepper , a cancer researcher from the University of North Carolina School of Medicine , and Dr Gilbert Ross of the American Council on Science and Health in New York City . The doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman , the dean of Columbia 's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine . The physicians accused Dr Oz of pushing ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work . The doctors wrote that Oz , for years a world-class Columbia cardiothoracic surgeon , has ` misled and endangered ' the public . The letter read : ` He has manifested an egregious lack of integrity by promoting quack treatments and cures in the interest of personal financial gain . ` Thus , Dr Oz is guilty of either outrageous conflicts of interest or flawed judgments about what constitutes appropriate medical treatments , or both . For more , visit Extra online . The authors of the scathing communique took a particular issue with what they described as Oz 's ` baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . ' CNN Money and the New York Times reported that some of the doctors opposing Oz have strong ties to the GMO food industry , namely the advocacy group American Council on Science and Health . Dr Miller , a researcher with a conservative think tank , has been a vocal proponent of genetically modified foods and has spoken out against mandatory labeling . Dr Oz insists that he is not opposed to GMOs on principle but wants them to be properly labelled so that educated consumers would know exactly what is in their food . ` I do not claim that GMO foods are dangerous , but believe that they should be labeled like they are in most countries around the world , ' he said in his statement Friday . The New York Ivy League school responded Thursday , issuing a statement to The Associated Press saying only that the school ` is committed to the principle of academic freedom and to upholding faculty members ' freedom of expression for statements they make in public discussion . ' Special interests : The authors of the letter took an issue with what they described as Oz 's ` baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . ' The surgeon has been a vocal proponent of mandatory labeling of GMOs , while some of his critics have been advocating for the GMO industry . Dr Oz first came to public attention as a frequent television guest of Oprah Winfrey . For the past five years , he 's been the host of The Dr Oz Show . Last year , he appeared before a US Senate panel that accused him of endorsing products that were medically unsound . At the time , the doctor acknowledged some of the products he advised his viewers to use ` do n't have the scientific muster to present as fact . ' A show representative did not immediately return a call Thursday from the AP seeking comment . As vice chairman of Columbia 's surgery department , Dr Oz still occasionally teaches , said Douglas Levy , spokesman for the Columbia University Medical Center . The controversy did not die down after his testimony . The company behind the ` miracle ' diet supplement in question later agreed to pay a $ 3.5 million settlement over false advertising . A study that purported to prove the product 's weight-loss benefits turned out to be based on fraudulent data and was retracted .