A 200-year-old book of poetry gifted to George III and letters from Rear Admiral Sir Samuel Hood written during the American War of Independence are among a treasure trove of documents released by royal archive yesterday . The collection , which was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years , has been digitised and the Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch . Declaring herself ` stunned ' by the collection , none of which she had seen before , Her Majesty admired the poems , which were written by the Shah of Persia himself , and quipped : ` You do n't get gifts like that any more ! ' Scroll down for video . Treasure trove : The Queen inspects a 200-year-old book of poetry presented to George III . Incredible : The book -LRB- back , beside the Queen -RRB- , was presented by the Shah of Persia in 1825 . Along with the poems , which were given to the Hanoverian monarch in 1812 , was a collection of scientific instruments , many of which were considered advanced in their day . Other documents shown to the Queen touch on some of the most important events in history , among them the American War of Independence . One particularly significant document was written by Rear-Admira Hood and details naval failings during the battle of Chesapeake Bay . The battle , between British and French fleets , resulted in the last significant British army in the Thirteen Colonies being cut off - and led directly to US independence . Other papers include an essay written by George III on the relationship between the monarch and parliament and notes from Queen Charlotte to her children 's governess . Significant : This letter was written by Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood following the Battle of Chesapeake Bay . Royal handiwork : This essay on the relationship between monarch and Parliament was written by George III . The viewing took place in the Royal Library at Windsor Castle and include papers owned and written by George I , II , III and George IV , who ruled as Prince Regent during his father 's famous madness . George III was believed to have suffered from porphyria , a hereditary disease that affects the blood and can cause mania . The digitisation of the 350,000 documents , a task that will be undertaken by academics from King 's College London , will begin in the next few weeks . While the vast majority of the collection are papers from George III , other documents from reigns of George I , George II , George IV and William IV will also be made available . It is hoped the work will transform the understanding of Georgian Britain and its monarchy , at a time of profound cultural , political , economic and social change . Stunning : The Queen was also shown the 1765 Eardley Norton clock -LRB- right -RRB- by Oliver Urquhart Irvine -LRB- left -RRB- . Project : The Queen greets Lynn Forney Young from the Daughters of the American Revolution organisation . Stunned : The Queen declared herself ` stunned ' by the contents of the archive , all previously unseen . Big job : The digitisation of the 350,000 papers will be overseen by academics from King 's College London . ` The Queen said she was stunned by the beauty of the gifts and letters , especially the Persian book of poetry that she was looking at earlier , ' said Dr Joanna Newman , vice principal of the university , afterwards . ` She talked a great deal about the letters , she said she was extremely interested in them , that they were very impressive and that she is very happy for the collaboration to be with King 's College . ' Other letters seen by the Queen include one from John Jay , a merchant who went on to become one of the Founding Fathers of the US , to future president George Washington in 1781 . Another , dating from the same period , was sent to George III by a spy named Aristarchus . The project is part of a wider programme of work by the Royal Archives to open up access to its primary source material , following the success of the digitisation of Queen Victoria 's journals in 2012 . Professor Edward Byrne , president and principal of King 's College London , said : ` King 's was founded by King George IV - George III 's eldest son and successor - and with Her Majesty the Queen as our present day patron , we are delighted and honoured to have been approached by the Royal Household to work on this prestigious project and to continue our long history of association with the Crown . ` This joint project , to open up over a century of Royal Archives , provides an unprecedented scale of opportunity to discover more about the Georgians . ' Royal childhood : This letter is from Queen Charlotte to her children 's governess , Lady Charlotte Finch . Involvement : The British Library , which is also involved , was represented by Baroness Blackstone -LRB- centre -RRB- . Along with personal letters written by George I , II and III , and their wives , the newly unveiled archive also includes documents that could shed fresh light on the American War of Independence . Most significant is an epistle written by Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood to General de Budé , George III 's aide-de-camp , on the 16th September 1781 . Written after the Battle of the Chesapeake -LRB- or the Virginia Capes -RRB- on 5th September 1781 , it offers a critique of the British action and attempts to explain why it ended in a French victory . One of the most significant battles of the American War of Independence , the French win led directly to US independence , cutting off , as it did , the last substantial British army in the Thirteen Colonies and obliging it to surrender . Hood , while attempting to exonerate himself in the letter which was written 11 days after the battle , also includes copies of dispatches and reveals that it could have been a British victory had an earlier opportunity to engage the French been taken . Equally significant is an incomplete essay written by George III which meditates on the relationship between the monarch and Parliament . In it , George , who was keen to re-establish royal authority and patronage , muses on the idea of having ` supreme power ' over the Commons while also laying out how the legislative and the executive worked in the 18th century . Further documents include letters from Queen Charlotte to Lady Charlotte Finch , who held the position of governess to the royal children . In the correspondence , the two discuss child-rearing and emphasise the value of routine and regular mealtimes , with Lady Charlotte going on to complain of her ` distress ' at things becoming disorganised . The collection also includes 65,000 books from the library amassed by George III which , along with volumes of poetry , also include a number printed in and about the US - testament to the monarch 's interest in the colony .