Getting a selfie with a celebrity appears to be the latest craze , but two scuba girls from California prefer to take their photos with some more colourful creatures . Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade . The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean , such as sharks and sting rays . Scroll down for video . Under the sea ! These snap happy scuba girls have taken the selfie stick to new depths by taking a series of extraordinary underwater photos with exotic sea life . Fish are friends , not food ! Having the extendable pole allows the animal a comfortable distance from the photographer while being photographed . Dude ! Despite having travelled as far afield as Papua New Guinea , the Maldives and Virgin Islands to take these incredible photos , the selfie stick is only a recent edition to their trips , enabling them to take incredible turtle selfies . The intrepid divers from San Diego , California , have made it their life mission to travel the world to take snaps with everything from turtles , puffer fish to sting rays and baby squid . While selfie sticks may be recent fad , divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping photos of marine animals for the best part of a decade . The pair who co-own the diving school , Scuba Girls , loved taking photographs of the beautiful animals underwater , but found they could not easily be in the picture too . Since investing in the fad item , they have been able to mount a GoPro camera to the end of the pole and obtain incredible lasting memories of their dives , whilst keeping a distance away from the creatures . Margo said : ` Since Stephanie and I were always taking photos and videos of each other , the challenge was often finding a way to get the photographer in the photos too . ` Several years ago we started using GoPro cameras . ` With these small cameras we started to find ways to get into the photo even when they were taking the shot - hence the selfie . ` Because we had to stretch out our arm to take the selfie , it was still a challenge getting the surrounding sea life and the photographer in the shot . ` Then one day a company made the selfie stick - and everything changed . ' Pipefish selfie ! Before the selfie stick , the co-owners of California-based diving school Scuba Girls , seldom took pictures of themselves underwater with the animals as the equipment was n't available . With the ability to use a GoPro camera from an extended vantage point , the diving instructors now take every opportunity they can to take selfies with underwater animals , including eels -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Now that 's a selfie ! A photograph with a stingray is added to their list in this extraordinary shot . The snap happy girls from San Diego have an impressive dive history , having travelled to Papua New Guinea , the Maldives and Virgin Islands . They mainly have harmless encounters with marine life , but have to be on their guard when around more dangerous creatures like lionfish , sting rays , sharks and eels . Stephanie said : ` We have to be very careful and respectful with different sea life . ` There are some creatures that sting or bite , and some sea life is delicate and can be injured if not treated with caution . ` Having the extendable pole most often allows the animal a comfortable distance from the photographer while being photographed . ` But yes , it can be an adrenaline rush , no doubt about that . ' Squid selfie ! ` Because we had to stretch out our arm to take the selfie , it was still a challenge getting the surrounding sea life and the photographer in the shot ' Stephanie said : ` We have to be very careful and respectful with different sea life . There are some creatures that sting or bite , and some sea life is delicate and can be injured if not treated with caution ' The pair from San Diego mount a GoPro to the end of their stick to get close to the fish , but remain at a comfortable distance . The camera is over here ! The divers aim to first and foremost be respectful to the marine life and not disturb any creatures . Shark tales ! The divers get a picture perfect shot with a passing shark , which is probably his first selfie !