The principal of a school in Canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage . It was announced yesterday an investigation was underway after it emerged a 10-year-old autistic bot was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers at a Canberra school . The cage was specifically designed for him to as a ` withdrawal space ' while in class . Scroll down for video . The cage was specifically designed as a ` withdrawal space ' for the 10-year-old autistic boy . ACT Education MInister Joy Burch -LRB- pictured -RRB- said it is a horrifying situation . The Minister said an investigation into the incident is underway . ` This structure could not be deemed acceptable in any way shape or form , in any of our public education schools , hence it was withdrawn , ' she said . The principal has been removed from the school and two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school . The structure was in place from March 10 to March 27 , according to ACT Education Minister Joy Burch . Shadow Education Minister Kate Ellis said the mistreatment of students with a disability was ` shocking and deeply disturbing ' . ` The abuse or neglect of students with disability is absolutely unacceptable , ' Ms Ellis said . ` All students -- including those with disability -- deserve to be recognised as learners and supported to achieve their best , ' she said . ` As a society , we have a responsibility to ensure our schools are safe and caring environments for all students , at all times . ' It was also revealed that the school only removed the cage when they were ordered to do so by the ACT Education Department after they received a complaint from the boy 's parents . Ms Burch said words could not describe her disappointment and horror at the situation . The Minister also said an investigation into the incident is underway . ` This structure could not be deemed acceptable in any way shape or form , in any of our public education schools , hence it was withdrawn , ' she said . ` I have initiated an absolute thorough investigation as to the why this structure was allowed to be put in place . ` I have also made assurances through the school executive and through our support teams that the child and the family involved is given the utmost support over this time . ' Ms Burch said she was ` very angry and very disappointed ' with the incident and said the cage had no place in a classroom . ACT Education Directorate Director-General Diane Joseph -LRB- pictured -RRB- said the ` confronting ' structure was ` entirely inappropriate and unacceptable ' The issue came to light after a complaint was made to the Children and Young People 's Commissioner about the cage and the name of the school can not be revealed due to privacy reasons . ACT Education Directorate Director-General Diane Joseph said the ` confronting ' structure was ` entirely inappropriate and unacceptable ' . ` The space was basically a fenced-in structure inside a classroom , ' Ms Joseph said . ` The structure was built for one particular student . ` The decision to erect such a structure raises so many questions . I have asked for the investigation to be treated with the upmost urgency . ' The horrific news comes as organisations and people come together to recognise World Autism Awareness Day . The day is designed to raise awareness and much-needed funds through unique measures .