If you decided to stay in Britain for the school holidays rather than jetting off abroad , you may have made a wise decision . Because the glorious spring weather is set to stretch out for the rest of the week - and the weather will be warmer here than in many Mediterranean sun spots . The mercury is set to rise steadily until Friday , when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C -LRB- 70F -RRB- or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far . Scroll down for video . Nice day for it : Adults and children cross stepping stones into the water garden at Cliveden House in Maidenhead , Berkshire , yesterday . Lying back : A young man enjoys the sun in St James 's Park in central London as people in the capital make the most of the warm weather . Enjoying the sun : Holidaymakers head to the beach of Mablethorpe in Lincolnshire as temperatures stay high after the bank holiday weekend . Sunny sight : Visitors walk through a corridor of flowers yesterday as they enjoy the warm weather at Cliveden House in Maidenhead . It 's a beautiful day : The Palm House at Kew Gardens in south-west London pictured yesterday as the warm weather continues across the UK . Say cheese : Tourists from Mexico take a family selfie photograph in front of Big Ben using a selfie stick yesterday . That would put many holiday resorts in the shade - with Rome expected to peak at 16C -LRB- 61F -RRB- , Athens at 16C -LRB- 61F -RRB- and Marseille at 18C -LRB- 65F -RRB- . Dan Williams , spokesman for the Met Office , said : ` We are looking at high temperatures for most days until the weekend . ' Clear skies , lengthening days and a warm mass of air from southern Europe will coincide to create some glorious weather as the sun shines through . It comes after the washout weather of last week gave way to a spectacular Easter weekend . Temperatures hit 20.7 C -LRB- 69F -RRB- in Aboyne , Aberdeenshire on Sunday and 19.5 C -LRB- 67F -RRB- in Astwood Bank , Worcestershire on Monday . England , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland each recorded their warmest days of the year . A week of sunshine : Forecasters say a band of high pressure will keep conditions settled until late on Friday , when April showers could return . Al fresco dining : People eat their lunch next to a fountain near Paddington train station in central London yesterday . On the run : Children at Kew Gardens in south-west London , next to a field of glory-of-the-snow flowers as the warm weather continues . Day visit : Josie , Masie and Alfie Luff -LRB- from left to right -RRB- walk through a glade of magnolia trees at Kew Gardens in London . Afternoon treat : Three women take off their coats as they enjoy ice creams in the sunshine in Salisbury yesterday . Beautiful : Commuters at Putney , south-west London , enjoyed this stunning sunset this evening after a lovely spring day in the capital . Those records could all be broken again by the end of the week . Mr Williams said : ` We might see 20C -LRB- 68F -RRB- here and there , with the hottest spots moving around depending on which areas get the most sunshine . ` Friday is looking like the warmest day of the week - we may well see 21C -LRB- 70F -RRB- or higher in London . ` That would make it equal to or above the hottest day of the year so far . ' The weekend is set to be slightly cooler , with a cool front arriving from the West . Sinister shape : This shark off Porthcurno in Cornwall yesterday morning was among the first basking sharks to be spotted off Britain this year . Perspectives : A girl has her photograph taken in St James 's Park yesterday as parts of Britain basked in sunshine . Relaxing : A woman reads outside a colourful beach hut in Exmouth , Devon , on one of the hottest days of the year so far . On the water : A man kite surfs in Exmouth , Devon , as forecasters said Britain could be hotter than Mallorca yesterday . Games in the park : Three children giggle with delight as they chase after huge bubbles being blown in Kensington Gardens , London . But there will still be plenty of clear skies on Saturda before the weather breaks on Sunday afternoon . ` The fresh weather will knock temperatures about 5C -LRB- 9F -RRB- , ' Mr Williams said . ` There will still be some good weather around but it will definitely be cooler and breezier over the weekend with some rain . ` That will make way for more unsettled weather into next week . ' But it is likely to stay well above the average English April temperature of 12.4 C -LRB- 54F -RRB- for some time yet . Great outdoors : A crowd of city workers enjoy their lunch break in the warm spring sunshine , close to City Hall and Tower Bridge in London . On four wheels : Two people skate along the seafront in Exmouth , Devon , on one of the hottest days of the year so far . Child 's play : A girl poses for a snapshot amongst daffodils on a sunny day in Green Park , central London . Sandcastles and spades : Two people lie on the beach in Exmouth yesterday after the bank holiday weekend saw the hottest day of the year . On the steps : A large crowd of city workers enjoy their lunch break in the warm spring sunshine , on the south bank of the River Thames . Safety charities have warned people not to be tempted to swim in reservoirs or from unmonitored beaches during the warm weather . Some 400 people drown in the UK each year , the equivalent of one every 20 hours . In times of good weather drownings peak , charities said . Mike Dunn of the Royal Life Saving Society said : ` With the predicted nice weather we want people to go out and enjoy the water safely and we advise people to swim at open water sites where there are lifeguards to help keep swimmers safe . Afternoon nap : A couple make the most of the warm spring weather by lounging on a pair of deck chairs in St James ' Park , London . Taking a look : Two women admire the Fountain of Love as they enjoy the sunshine at Cliveden House and grounds in Berkshire . On the grass : A sunbather enjoys the sunshine at Cliveden House and grounds in Berkshire yesterday . Day at the beach : Sun-seekers flock to Brighton beach to fly kites and lounge by the sea as other take a stroll along Brighton Pier . In Ireland : People enjoy the warm weather as they mingle with fallow deer at Phoenix Park in Dublin . ` Make the most of the weather but listen to advice and do so responsibly , do n't let a weekend of fun become a tragedy . ' Two men were rescued from the seas off Essex on Monday after taking to the sea in a rowing boat made of scrap plywood , insulation boards and wire coat-hangers . The stunt went wrong after their oars broke and the men , both in their 20s , were forced to call lifeguards as they drifted 700 feet off the Jaywick coast . Sally Webb , a forecaster at MeteoGroup , said reports of possible thunderstorms due to incoming warm air from the continent - a phenomenon known as the Spanish Plume - were premature . Among the deer : A man takes a photograph as people enjoy the warm weather at Phoenix Park , Dublin . By the river : Tourists and office workers dine al fresco as they enjoy lunch overlooking Tower Bridge and the River Thames . Good morning : The sun rose yesterday in Farsley , West Yorkshire - with temperatures likely to remain above average until the weekend . Sunrise in Bristol yesterday : Drivers are warned fog patches could form overnight and may linger into the early mornings . Morning has broken : Sunrise on the River Thames -LRB- left -RRB- and mist shrouding Blackpool Tower in Lancashire yesterday morning -LRB- right -RRB- . What a sight : Bird ringer Wendy James took this photograph of Mwnt above the fog in Cardigan Bay on the West Wales coast yesterday . Misty start : The ship Arco Avon heads into the fog on the River Thames yesterday , with temperatures 9C higher than normal for the month . Sunrise in London yesterday : Forecasters at MeteoGroup say a band of high pressure will keep conditions settled until late on Friday . I 'm on a boat : Tim Lowe took this photograph during his morning commute on board a Wightlink ferry from the Isle of Wight to mainland Britain . Cheeky stroll : A dog walker in Cornwall made the very most of the balmy temperatures at Pedn Vounder Beach yesterday .