This is one ` library ' where visitors do n't have to speak in hushed tones or risk the wrath of a shushing librarian . With more than 6,000 books at their fingertips , New York City 's luxurious Library Hotel is every bibliophile 's dream . The boutique hotel was designed around the Dewey Decimal System , with each floor dedicated to one of its 10 major categories and every room decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories . More than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at New York City 's Library Hotel . Each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System 's categories , and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic . Guests who do n't get their fill of book in their rooms can find plenty more options in a dedicated reading room . Published by Melvil Dewey in 1876 , the Dewey Decimal System is the standardised library classification system which sorts books into the following 10 categories ; social sciences , literature , languages , history , math and science , general knowledge , technology , philosophy , the arts and religion . It may seem like an unusual theme , but the Library hotel has gone all in with its tribute to the American librarian . Located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street , just steps from the New York Public Library and Grand Central Terminal , every one of the hotel 's 60 rooms contains up to 150 books related to genres or topics including erotic literature , economics , Middle Eastern language , computers and Native American religion . Guests on the fifth floor , for example , can stay in rooms devoted to maths and science , with individual themes of astronomy , dinosaurs , botany , zoology , geology and mathematics . The Library Hotel is located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street in Manhattan , just steps from the New York Public Library . Rooms on the fifth floor are devoted to maths and science , with rooms themed on topics such as astronomy , dinosaurs and botany . The 11th floor -- modelled around philosophy -- has rooms related to love , paranormal , psychology , philosophy , ethics and logic . Guests who ca n't get enough of the books inside their rooms can find more options at the front desk , in the restaurant and in a dedicated reading room . The hotel also boasts a rooftop bar known as the Writer 's Den & Poetry Garden , which becomes the Bookmarks Lounge at night and serves literary-themed cocktails . A spokesperson for the hotel said : ` The hotel is a bookworm 's paradise . The hotel boasts a rooftop bar known as the Writer 's Den & Poetry Garden , which serves literary-themed cocktails . The Dewey Decimal System is the standardised system which sorts books into 10 categories , including social sciences and literature . The hotel 's reading room offers dozens of books , and each guest room contains up to 150 titles related to specific genres or topics . ` Each one of our rooms offers a personalised literary experience . ` Whether you enjoy reading about zoology or Slavic languages , we 've got it covered . ` When the building was purchased , the idea was to offer something different . ` Being so close to the library -- one of New York 's most loved landmarks -- was the inspiration for that . ' A spokesperson for the Library Hotel said its location , just steps from the New York Public Library , served as another inspiration .