Will Stevens has followed the lead of England 's elite footballers and taken to using the world-class facilities at St George 's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder . Manor driver Stevens was introduced to St George 's Park by Michael Johnson Performance , the training company founded by the four-time Olympic champion and which has a partnership with the Burton-based centre where all 24 England teams train ahead of international fixtures . The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive , which came his way with now-defunct Caterham in the final race in Abu Dhabi . Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George 's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder . Stevens has access to an exercise bike , treadmill and rowing machine , located in the altitude chamber . Stevens continued over the winter as he held talks with Manor prior to the South Yorkshire-based marque finally exiting administration in early March . Due to Stevens ' grand prix commitments he has been unable to visit St George 's Park as much as he would like these past few weeks , although he is planning a trip over the summer months . ` The facilities they have there are great , better than anywhere , ' said Stevens . ` Last year I spent quite a lot of time there because I needed to get myself ready if I had the opportunity to step up into F1 . The main entrance to St George 's Park , the Football Association 's £ 100m training complex . The Hydrotherapy suite has a main pool -LRB- background -RRB- , ice bath -LRB- centre -RRB- and jacuzzi -LRB- foreground -RRB- . ` This year is a lot different because we need to manage the schedule to keep up my energy levels , when to train hard and when not to . ` I 'll probably go there during the break because obviously the German Grand Prix has gone . ` There is a lot longer break in the middle compared to what it would be normally , so I 'll probably spend a week or so there . ` I 'll have a fitness assessment for the first couple of days , and then after that I 'll work on the areas where I need to improve . Stevens was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive . ` They 've a heat chamber which is good and a really good underwater treadmill so you can do a lot more non-bearing stuff on your body . ` If you 're training solidly for more than a week it 's good to do that kind of stuff . ` If you are out running or whatever it 's obviously a lot harder on your body , and you can train a lot longer over the duration of the day rather than a few hours . ' Past use of the heat chamber will have a bearing for Stevens this weekend as he competes in the Bahrain Grand Prix . Although an evening/night race when temperatures will be in the mid 20s centigrade compared to searing day-time highs of 36 , it will still be of benefit . The Manor driver is preparing to race in the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday . ` Hydration is the number one thing . If you 're not hydrated you can lose concentration , ' added Stevens . ` Stuff like that is obviously something I need to keep on top of , which is why I 've people here to help me to manage everything like that . ` I 've spent the last three days in Dubai where the temperature was identical to here . ` Personally I much prefer being in the heat than the cold , so in terms of temperature I feel I wo n't have any issues at all . '