Preconceptions , I find , can be really unhelpful , so before travelling to The Datai , a luxury hotel in Malaysia , I decided not to find out anything about it . I preferred instead to be delighted - or otherwise - on arrival . I was travelling with my old mucker Doon Mackichan -LRB- from Smack The Pony , Plebs , The Day Today -RRB- . Our paths first crossed almost 30 years ago as rookies on the comedy circuit , but since then we have , by chance , both acquired part-time homes in the same seaside town . It is Doon who has taught me to stride like a warrior into the freezing Channel . Luxury personified : The Datai Hotel has all the colour and wonder of the Emerald City , says Maria McErlane . Setting off for the Far East , there was something of the Hinge and Bracket about us , blithering away in actressy tones , trying to charm the Air Malaysia crew into granting us a cheeky upgrade . -LRB- Which failed . -RRB- . But that was soon forgotten and the joy of leaving Britain behind in cold mid-December was fully realised when we disembarked into the densely tropical humidity of Langkawi . After a 30-minute taxi ride through darkness and impenetrable forests , The Datai appeared with all the colour and wonder of the Emerald City . Full-size carved horses illuminated by antique torches guarded the entrance , as beautiful silk sari-clad Malaysian staff welcomed us with cocktails . In the background , the ubiquitous lobby pianist/singer warbled away to I Just Called To Say I Love You . A minor note of tedium . Langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the Andaman Sea , 20 miles off the coast of Malaysia . In 2007 it was given World Geopark status by Unesco . The Datai Hotel and Resort is in the north west of the island . Maria McErlane -LRB- left -RRB- with painter Doon Mackichan at The Datai hotel in Malaysia . This paradise in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest was created in 1990 . Designed by Australian architect Kerry Hill around Datai Bay - a white sandy crescent beach voted one of the ten most beautiful in the world , with its magnificent backdrop of jungle and mountains - the resort took three years to complete . To minimise its impact on the jungle , Hill limited the size of the main building and added 40 villas over the extensive grounds , along with restaurants and a spa alongside a creek . He sourced wood , marble and stone from across the island and mainland Malaysia to create Mayan walls , Malay roofs and Japanese screens . The result sees soft , subtle colours creating an atmosphere throughout of calm tranquillity , offset by genuine animal sounds that could well come from a Now That 's What I Call Jungle Noises Volume 1 . Leaving the main building behind , we were taken by golf buggy down the ` yellow brick roads ' through the enchanted forest , across bridges , and past waterfalls and freshwater streams to our elegant beach villa where we were met by our butlers . Keen to revive our weary bones , Doon asked if it was safe to swim . ` No , ' came the answer . ` Why not ? ' she questioned , expecting to be told of danger . ` Because it is dark , ' the butler replied with a smile . Spot of swimming anyone ? The Andaman Ocean turns out to be the perfect choice for a dip at any time . Clearly he does n't know Doon . She has been part of a team swimming the Channel in extreme conditions and also took part in the World Ice Swimming Championships in Finland -LRB- ` you can feel your body slowing down as hypothermia begins to set in ' , she boasts -RRB- . She is made of stern stuff . Despite it being close to midnight , we ran down to the beach , disrobing and squealing , before plunging into the silky-smooth Andaman sea . Phosphorescence streamed through the water , illuminating our limbs as we swam towards the lights of Thailand on the horizon . It was a magical beginning to our holiday . Back at our opulent Balinese-meets-New England villa , we were quite overcome by the super-sized beds , hot outdoor showers , plunge pool , Bose sound system , zillionthread soft cotton sheets , quietly whirring wooden fans , high-tech lighting -LRB- we longed for a light switch -RRB- and blackout blinds . Buggies can be summoned at a moment 's notice , but the next morning we preferred a stroll on the beach , through the jungle , along wooden walkways and up the 139 Mayan temple-inspired steps to breakfast . Clutching our nature books , we were serenaded by squawking macaques and doe-eyed dusky leaf monkeys swinging from Tarzan vines through the trees . First class display : The pair were serenaded by doe-eyed dusky leaf monkeys in the trees . Brahminy kites and green imperial pigeons flew overhead , and we both leapt back in horror when a three foot long monitor lizard slithered across the path into the undergrowth . It really was a first-class display from the jungle inhabitants . After breakfast on the terrace , we took mountain bikes and cycled to the resort 's golf course . Golf is not really my thing , but if you know your sand wedge from your nine iron , this course is fantastic - everything is groomed to within an inch of a Stepford wife . In fact , the Els Club Teluk Datai has been voted the best ` new ' golf course in the world . Having ignored the warning to keep all doors and windows closed , Doon arrived back at the villa to find a scene of devastation : a monkey burglary . Every drawer had been wrenched open , newspapers shredded , jars unscrewed , suitcase contents scattered and chocolates eaten - tiny slivers of silver paper being the only remains of a Toblerone . Doon had painted a watercolour earlier that morning which the monkeys had ` relieved ' themselves on . We did n't need a forensics team to identify our uninvited guests as chocolatey paw prints were everywhere . I was secretly rather thrilled with their ingenuity . After such excitement , a sea dip was needed before several Beach Club cocktails and much embellished recounting of ` Monkeygate ' . The four restaurants at The Datai are overseen by executive chef Richard Millar . There 's the Beach Club specialising in Mediterranean and international cuisine ; The Gulai House , tucked into the forest and offering intensely flavoursome Malay and Indian offerings ; the Dining Room in the main building ; and The Pavilion , a restaurant on 100ft-high balau stilts erected with the help of elephants -LRB- yes , really -RRB- . Doon remarked that it resembled a ` birds ' nest in the sky ' , albeit one that serves traditional Thai cuisine . Such was our commitment to sampling all the restaurants , we both managed to gain half a stone in a week . Maria heads to the beach after a lazy breakfast . The most pleasing element of our beach view was the lack of visiting boats , save for the Naga Pelangi -LRB- Rainbow Dragon -RRB- , a traditional wooden Malaysian junk schooner hand-built in the boatyards of Duyung island on the east coast of Malaysia . We were invited aboard for a trip to the Geopark to watch brown eagles feed and , in Doon 's case , to find dolphins . Her chosen method to summon these creatures was to serenade them in full operatic mode with songs from Carmen - an impressive but futile exercise as they stayed away . If the many activities at The Datai become too much , gentler pursuits are on offer , such as an 8 am nature walk that teaches participants the ways of the forest . For me , however , it was a bit early for concentration , so I excused myself and enjoyed a lazy breakfast . Later , in the bathroom , a bean bagsized frog fell from the air-con vent on to my head before hopping on to the cistern , blinking into the daylight : a reminder , were one needed , of the Herculean task it must be preventing the jungle from taking back its land . During our stay , in a futile attempt to counter the calorific intake , we swam morning , noon and night . One longer excursion across the tranquil Datai Bay with flippers and snorkels resulted in us being spiked by sea urchins and stung by jellyfish . Neither incident was a huge deal , but the Datai nurses were on hand within moments of us returning to land , and even took time to check on us the following day . Before leaving Datai , we squeezed in a trip to the spa , which is open to the jungle . I could see the creek below and hear the monkeys gossiping . The ubiquitous plinky-plonky spa musak was quickly redundant when the heavens open and the full rainforest orchestra began its symphony in earnest . During my 90-minute treatment - a Ramuan massage - I 'm not sure I have ever been , nor will ever be again , in such a state of zen relaxation . The Datai was truly special . Mystical , spiritual , romantic , luxurious , life-affirming ... and fattening . We ca n't wait to go back . Experience Travel Group -LRB- experiencetravelgroup.com , 020 3468 6268 -RRB- offers seven nights ' b & b at The Datai from £ 1,999 per person , including return flights from Heathrow and transfers .