The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has denied that partisan politics in Washington DC could derail America 's landmark agreement to curb Iran 's nuclear capabilities . Countering President Barack Obama 's previous assertion , Senator Bob Corker , a Republican from Tennessee , said on Sunday that congressional oversight ` does n't mean there wo n't be a deal ' . The 62-year-old politician continued : ` We just set in place a process to ensure that if there 's a deal , it 's a deal that will stand the test of time , that will keep Iran from getting a nuclear weapon . ' Making an appearance on Fox News Sunday , Corker said that Congressional scrutiny and approval of any nuclear agreement with Iran is essential to help make sure that the deal is not a bad one . Scroll down for video . Chairman : Senator Bob Corker -LRB- pictured -RRB- , of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , has denied partisan politics in Washington DC could derail America 's landmark agreement to curb Iran 's nuclear capabilities . He said that Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it , before finally voting on it . ` It 's very important that Congress is in the middle of this , understanding , teasing out , asking those important questions , ' Corker said . Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday . The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30 . Meanwhile , the Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker 's legislation to ensure that Congress debates and signs off on any pact . The bill requires the president to transmit , within five days of reaching a final deal , the text of the full agreement , along with materials related to its implementation . With key elements still to be finalized , the framework agreement sealed by U.S.-led world powers describes a program for stunting Iran 's capacity to produce nuclear weapons , while giving Tehran quick access to assets and markets now blocked by international sanctions . In defending the framework and a potential final pact , US Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz cited what he called ` unprecedented access and transparency ' into Iran 's nuclear activities . Argument : Countering President Barack Obama 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- previous assertion , Corker , a Republican from Tennessee , told Fox News Sunday that congressional oversight ` does n't mean there wo n't be a deal ' These will allow the U.S. and its partner negotiators to know almost instantly should Iran try to evade the oversight , Moniz said during an appearance on CBS ' ` Face The Nation . This is a long-term arrangement , he stressed , with requirements lasting a quarter century or more . ` We 'll have eyes on the entire supply chain of uranium , ' he added on the program . ` Going back to mines , the mills , we 'll have continuous surveillance of centrifuge production . ' Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has criticized the framework as deeply flawed and a threat to Israel 's very existence . He is urging negotiators to improve the agreement or scuttle it . Other Republicans have echoed Netanyahu 's concerns . Senator Lindsey Graham , a Republican from South Carolina , said on Sunday the proposed deal is a bad one - but was the best one Obama could get because the Iranians do n't fear or respect him . Response : Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu -LRB- left -RRB- has criticized the framework deal as deeply flawed and a threat to Israel 's very existence . But in defending the framework , US Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz -LRB- right -RRB- cited what he called ` unprecedented access and transparency ' into Iran 's nuclear activities . He said that he favors waiting until a new president , Democratic or Republican , takes office in January 2017 and then trying again . In the meantime , economic and financial sanctions would stay in place . ` Is there a better deal to be had ? I think so , ' Graham said on CBS ' ` Face The Nation . ' But a senior Senate Democrat , Dianne Feinstein , warned that bashing the proposed deal could backfire on Netanyahu . The Israeli prime minister and other critics of the framework agreement have offered no viable alternatives , she said on CNN 's ` State of the Union . ' Feinstein said imposing more and stiffer economic sanctions would only drive Iran 's nuclear program deeper underground and make it more difficult to monitor . ` I wish he would contain himself , ' Feinstein , the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said of Netanyahu . Officials -LRB- L-r -RRB- European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini , Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarifat , and an unidentified Russian official , look on as British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond shakes hands with Secretary of State John Kerry in Switzerland . The preliminary deal , announced in Switzerland on Thursday , sees Iran agree to not build any new centrifuges for 15 years , and not enrich uranium at the previously secret Fordow site for 15 years . The country also agrees to reduce nuclear-material centrifuges from 19,000 to 6,104 , let the IAEA store all the extra centrifuges , give IAEA inspectors access to its uranium mills for 25 years and rebuild heavy-water reactor at Arak so it ca n't produce weapons-grade plutonium . And it would not build any new heavy-water reactors for 15 years . In return , the West will give Iran relief from nuclear-related economic sanctions ` if it verifiably abides by its commitments ' , and lift ` all past UN Security Council resolutions on the Iran nuclear issue ' as soon as Iran has completed all its promised ` nuclear-related actions ' . America 's sanctions on Iran relating to ` terrorism , human rights abuses , and ballistic missiles ' will remain in place .