Trevor Noah has moved on to become a US TV star , and he left behind a stunning South African physiotherapist to pursue his American dream , the Daily Mail Online can reveal . The new host of The Daily Show has separated from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans . Noah has known Gabriel for at least four years and it 's believed they began dating early in 2014 . The comedian quickly became smitten with the beautiful brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour . But following behind-the-scenes talks earlier this year with Comedy Central -- the producers of The Daily Show -- it was clear Noah 's career was about to explode . Scroll down for video . Separated : Trevor Noah and his stunning South African girlfriend Dani Gabriel broke up after the pair discussed his future plans and exploding fame . Smooch : It 's believed that the love birds started dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years . Vacation : Noah and Gabriel , pictured here making silly faces while on holiday , reportedly separated a few months ago . Laughs : Though the pair split , a source close to Noah said that they are still friends , and Gabriel has said she ` could n't be prouder ' of her ex . Noah 's Lost in Translation comedy tour took him back to Cape Town from February 24 until March 1 and it 's likely he and Gabriel had a heart-to-heart during this time . Self-employed Gabriel , 28 , runs her own physiotherapist practice in Cape Town and has several family members in the city meaning she will have been reluctant to relocate to America . A source close to Noah told Daily Mail Online : ` Dani is an ex-girlfriend . They decided to go their separate ways and are not together anymore , they split a few months ago but are still friends . ' Despite the split Gabriel is still right behind Noah as he takes over from Jon Stewart in the biggest seat in world comedy . She told Daily Mail Online that she 's ` very supportive ' of Noah 's newfound fame and has said she could n't be ` prouder ' of her ex . And while previously little known Noah is set to become a household name for millions of people , Gabriel still does n't see him as a ` celebrity ' . Speaking in Cape Town , she said : ` Yes he 's going through this huge transition but at the end of the day he 's not a celebrity to me and he 's never treated himself like that and I do n't treat him like that , I do n't bring that in to my life . ' Gabriel was coy about their relationship and refused to discuss the split . She said : ` I do n't need to show my support publicly for Trevor , it does n't need validating to anybody else besides me and him . Anything that needs to be said I 've said to him personally . Goofing around : Noah , pictured here with Gabriel making funny faces at the camera , was in Cape Town for his comedy tour at the end of February . It 's likely the couple talked about their relationship at this time . Having fun : The couple had several pictures together on Facebook , and Gabriel had a picture of the pair kissing as her main profile picture until recently . Adventures : Gabriel told Daily Mail Online that she 's ` very supportive ' of Noah 's new-found fame , but would not discuss their relationship . Smiles : Noah poses with a group of statues in one of Gabriel 's many pictures of the two of them during their travels . ` This world is not a very healthy one , so we ca n't really involve ourselves in it now regardless of how big it is . ` It does n't make a difference to my life . I do n't talk about my stuff , Trevor does n't talk about my stuff . ` There 's really nothing more that I need to say , whatever 's there is there , beyond that , it is genuinely between me and him . ' But it 's clear that Gabriel has struggled with the split , keeping her Facebook status as ` in a relationship ' and keeping a large photo of the couple kissing on her home page wall . However , the physio quickly changed her wall photo to one of three pretty dresses when Daily Mail Online asked why she kept Noah 's picture on display now they 've split . It 's a sad turn of events for the couple who had seemed madly in love . In January it was suggested the glamorous pair was even engaged -- rumors Gabriel was quick to quell on Twitter . Dozens of intimate photos posted on their social media pages also gave the appearance of a couple very much in love . Noah , 31 -- originally from Soweto near Johannesburg -- even bought a love nest in Cape Town so he could be close to Gabriel during visits . Local media reports claimed the jet-setting comic snapped up a luxury penthouse apartment in the exclusive 15 on Orange Hotel in Cape Town 's city-center . Staff at the hotel -- which boasts a roof top swimming pool and spa - say they spotted Noah at his apartment as recently as last Friday during a brief visit to Cape Town . Strong : Gabriel , who runs her own physiotherapy practice in Cape Town , is also a blue belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and has won gold medals in competitions . It 's believed Noah and Gabriel also bonded over their similar backgrounds in that they both have parents from different ethnic backgrounds against the backdrop of Apartheid in South Africa . Noah was born the son of a black South African woman and a white Swiss man who met when interracial relationships were illegal in South Africa . Gabriel runs her D Gabriel Physiotherapy practice out of the posh Virgin Active gym in Century City , Cape Town . And fortunately for Noah their split was n't a fiery affair as Gabriel is a blue belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu . She became ` hooked ' on the grappling based martial art in 2011 as she opened her practice and trains at the renowned Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu Academy . In June 2013 she won two gold medals for Gi and no-Gi in a Jiu Jitsu competition at the Mother City Winter Open . In a testimonial on a Jiu Jitsu enthusiasts ' site Gabriel says she has ` trained hard ' and competed in various events around Cape Town to earn her blue belt . She has also trained at the Roger Gracie Academy in London and the Renzo Gracie Academy in New York while she was travelling with Noah . Jet-setting : When Noah brought Gabriel on tour last year , the couple posted selfies in front of several landmarks on Instagram . When she was in New York she got to meet Renzo Gracie , in person . Gabriel posted a photo on her Twitter feed posing next to the world-renowned Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu expert . And she is so crazy about the sport that during a trip to LA in August last year with Noah she dropped in on the Metamoris 4 Jiu Jitsu tournament . She told unan1mous.co.za : ` I genuinely love the sport and how it constantly challenges and equips your brain as much as your body . ` More than anything , it gives you a universal language that gains you an instant family/home base when traveling . Just remember to pack in your gi and you 're good to go ! ' During Noah 's US tour last year Gabriel posted loved-up couple selfies of them seeing the sites in New York and Washington on Instragram . On September 29 last year Gabriel tweeted the cover of GQ magazine featuring Noah . She wrote : ` Oh , you know ... Just perving over my bf on the new @GQdotcoza cover . ' Gabriel also regularly retweeted her boyfriend 's Twitter jokes and show dates and is a big fan of Daily Mail Online often posting stories from our site . And on January 27 this year while Noah was in America , Gabriel , who was clearly missing her boyfriend , tweeted : ` Hey New York , get your s **** together so my man can fly home . I need help opening this jar ; -lrb- . ' Judging by the photos they had shared , the pair would have made the perfect celebrity couple , especially if Gabriel had made the move to be by her man 's side in the States . On Valentine 's weekend last year Gabriel posted a series of stunning shots of them together on a boat sailing around the Cape Peninsula with Noah 's good friend , South African radio DJ Anele Mdoda and her boyfriend . Support : Even after the couple split , Gabriel has been supportive of Noah , having tweeted a proud message after it was announced that Noah would be Jon Stewart 's replacement on The Daily Show . But after their split Gabriel was supportive . As recently as March 30 , after news broke that Noah was Jon Stewart 's replacement , Gabriel tweeted : ` I knew you had it in you and they saw it too Now the world gets to share it . Could n't be prouder . ' But perhaps the writing had always been on the wall . Interestingly , while things seem to be going amazingly well in their relationship , Daily Mail Online has learned that Noah never introduced Gabriel to his family in Johannesburg . Mom Patricia , 56 , revealed : ` I 've not met her , I do n't know anything about the two because Trevor has n't told me . ` I leave the kids to enjoy themselves , I do n't ask about such things . As a mother I ask one favor from my sons , `` keep your women away until you decide to settle with them '' . ' Patricia said one of Noah 's other ex-girlfriends was ` controlling ' over him . ` She was a German girl and I saw her and I really liked her , I was hooked . But then it was broken . She was very controlling over Trevor and he did n't like that , ' she said . Even Noah admitted during an interview that one of his ex girlfriend 's tried to stop him from going in to comedy . He told Interview magazine in May , 2013 : ` I was dating her and I said , `` I want to be a comedian . '' And she said , `` You 're not that funny , do n't be stupid . '' So I said , `` Okay . '' And I did n't do it . Then , after we broke up , I thought , This is the perfect time to do everything I could n't do when I was with her , like date other girls and do comedy . So I did . '