It 's official : alcohol makes you more attractive to the opposite sex . And that 's when you are boozing , not them . Scientists at the University of Bristol found that having ` one large glass of wine ' increases ` facial flushing ' and ` confidence ' , making the drinker ` more attractive ' to others and more likely to ` get lucky ' . Researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students and asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober , tipsy and drunk . A study of 40 men and women found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex ... ... but too much booze leads to ` excessive and unattractive ' changes in facial expressions , like Bridget Jones . The study found that tipsy people , who had downed one large 250 ml glass of 14 per cent wine - that 's one-third of the bottle - were consistently voted as the ` most attractive ' . Sober subjects and those who had ` had a few too many ' were rated as far less attractive than a ` tipsy ' subject . Academics have previously confirmed the existence of the ` beer goggles ' phenomenon - in which boozers find other people more attractive after several drinks . This new study , however , is the first time it had been shown that the drinker themselves actually ` becomes more attractive ' to others , in an experiment dubbed ` reverse beer goggles ' . The study found that alcohol had a ` positive pulling power ' , but only if the subject was ` not hammered ' . It states that booze ` mimics ' how a person 's body ` demonstrates it is healthy and attractive to attract potential mates ' and that facial flushing is perceived by others as ` healthy and attractive ' . Alcohol also makes people seem in a ` more positive or jolly mood ' and encourages people to ` relax ' and give off ` positive ' signals , such as smiling - increasing their attractiveness levels . The study states : ` In addition to perceiving others as more attractive , an alcohol consumer may also be perceived by others as more attractive , and therefore receive greater sexual interest from potential mates . ` An increase in such attention from others may also positively reinforce alcohol consumption , particularly in social contexts . ' The study found alcohol has ` positive pulling power ' but only if the person is n't too intoxicated . The study said , however , that too much booze led to ` changes in facial expressions which were excessive and unattractive ' - leading to a decrease in ` pulling power ' . It adds : ` In conclusion , our data indicate that alcohol consumption may lead to consumers being rated as more attractive than sober individuals , but only following low levels of consumption . ` At higher levels of consumption this effect is not observed , and may even be reversed . ' Professor Marcus Munafo , a senior researcher on the Bristol University study , said : ` The people who had consumed a small amount of alcohol had a slightly rosier complexion than they did in their sober and high-dose photos . ` Rosiness is attractive because it characterises good physical health characteristics . ` You consume a drink , so you see other people as more attractive , but you also become more attractive yourself because you 've consumed a drink . ` But if they go on to consume more alcohol , they 're no longer rated as more attractive . ' In a previous study last year , again at the University of Bristol , it was found that ` beer goggles ' - in which booze makes others seems more attractive - was a proven phenomena . Volunteers drank either alcohol or a non-alcoholic placebo before looking at images of men 's and women 's faces - as well a landscape portraits . Those who drank alcohol found all three image types more attractive compared with those who did not . David Simmons , 31 , of High Wycombe , Bucks , said last week : ` So if I want to pull I need to drink either a third of a bottle of wine or a couple of pints and then draw a line under boozing for the night . ` I ca n't really see that happened as after a couple you always want more , but if it improves my chances of pulling I 'll give it a shot . '