A brazen thief has allegedly taken a diamond engagement ring from Christine Davidson just days before she passed away on Thursday . The family of a woman who battled a cancerous brain tumour for 14 years has claimed her diamond engagement ring was ` forcefully removed and stolen ' from her finger at a nursing home just days before she passed away . Christine Davidson , from Adelaide , South Australia , was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 , and told she only had between nine months to three years to live . After enduring an incredible 14 years of chemotherapy and radiation , the mother of two lost her battle to cancer last Thursday morning at an Adelaide nursing home at the age of 61 . But four days before she died , her husband Ronny and their two daughters Symantha , 40 , and Kelly , 38 , noticed her ring was missing from her finger . ` Dad noticed the bruises around her finger and asked us if we managed to get the ring off , ' Symantha told Daily Mail Australia . ` Three weeks prior to her passing , we tried to remove the ring because it started to cut her circulation but we had no luck after trying everything we could think of . ' The family has launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother 's ring returned . Christine Davidson -LRB- left -RRB- who was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer , pictured with her husband Ronny -LRB- right -RRB- and their daughter Symantha -LRB- centre -RRB- . Christine and her husband Ronny were happily married for 41 years before she passed away . Kelly took to her Facebook account last Wednesday to post an emotional appeal and has since attracted more than 117,000 shares and almost 17,000 likes . ` We just do n't understand how someone could steal from a dying woman , ' Symantha said . ` The ring was a sign of mum and dad 's long lasting love and their strong marriage -- they were happily married for 41 years before she passed . ` Mum also promised to give the ring to her only granddaughter who she was very close to - My daughter Jayda , 17 , but now she 's devastated . ' Christine was working at an insurance company before her sickness came on suddenly 14 years ago . Christine , who fell suddenly ill 14 years ago , pictured with her grandchildren last Christmas . On March 28 , the family was told their mother , grandmother and wife was on her ` final stage of life ' . ` She was a nanna to four amazing grandchildren and she was the best mum we could ever ask for , ' Symantha said . ` The last 14 years was hard on our family because we were forced to watch her suffer but we 're happy she 's at peace now and she 's not in pain anymore . ` Multiple neurosurgeons were blown away with what she had accomplished after she fought hard to kick the rare long-lasting tumour - she was a brave fighter . ' Christine was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer and was told she only had up to three years to live . Symantha said she has informed the police about the missing ring . Daily Mail Australia has contacted South Australian police for comment . Christine lived at the retirement home , which the family has asked Daily Mail Australia to keep anonymous , for more than four years . ` The majority of the nurses were fantastic and mum was cared for very well , ' Kelly said . Jewellery store SA Gold Diggers in Salisbury , South Australia has offered a $ 1000 reward for anyone providing information that leads to finding the missing ring . ` The generosity and kindness of people everywhere has absolutely blown us away , ' Symantha said . Kelly and Symantha 's mother Christine -LRB- pictured -RRB- during her younger years where she was riding a camel . The family of Christine Davidson -LRB- pictured -RRB- have paid an emotional tribute to their amazing mother and wife .