A senior aide to US Senator Kelly Ayotte has resigned after he was arrested for allegedly soliciting a prostitute , the senator 's office said . David Wihby , 61 , was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday , according to Ayotte 's office . Wihby has been the New Hampshire Republican 's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff . Ayotte also called Wihby her longtime friend . David Wihby , 61 , was arrested on Friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on Saturday . He is a former longtime Manchester city alderman . former deputy commissioner and interim commissioner of the state Department of Labor . Wihby also has an elected seat on the Manchester school board , according to the Boston Globe . ` I am shocked and deeply saddened that David Wihby , my state director and a friend for many years , has been arrested under these circumstances , ' Ayotte said in a statement . Here Ayotte -LRB- right -RRB- and Wihby -LRB- center , back -RRB- are pictured together on what appears to be a bus . Ayotte said that Wihby was her ` friend for many years ' Wihby -LRB- right -RRB- has been Republican New Hampshire Senator Kelly Ayotte 's -LRB- left -RRB- state director for the last year . He also has an elected position on the Manchester , New Hampshire , school board . Ayotte talks to reporters in 2014 as Wihby -LRB- fifth from left -RRB- stands close by . Ayotte said that Wihby resigned because he ` obviously can not continue his duties ' ` David obviously can not continue his duties , and I have accepted his resignation . This is a very difficult time , and my thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved , ' she added . Nashua Police reportedly arrested ten men between the ages of 24 and 62 years old over the course of the last week on charges of prostitution , according to WMUR . All of them men were arrested at hotels after they responded to advertisements from women online . Wihby was released on $ 2,000 personal recognizance and will be arraigned at the beginning of May . Ayotte said she was ` shocked and deeply saddened ' by Wihby 's arrest . He was one of ten men to be arrested in the last week by Nashua Police on charges of prostitution .