Kim Rose , 57 , who is standing in Southampton Itchen , was questioned over allegations of bribing voters but will face no further action . A Ukip candidate accused of bribing voters with sausage rolls will face no further action - but he could be arrested if he tries it again . Kim Rose , 57 , was alleged to have bribed voters in Southampton by putting on a spread at a party event , which included the pastry snacks and sandwiches . Although he was never arrested or charged , Mr Rose was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of ` treating ' . He has now criticised the ` absolutely ridiculous ' police investigation - and says he believes the furore could help him win his seat . Mr Rose , who is standing in a key marginal seat in Southampton Itchen , said : ` The officers told me today that I have now entered the political world and I must no longer hand out sausage rolls . ` They told me I have got to watch anything I do . So I 'm going to stay away from bakeries from now on - if I see one I 'm going to run a mile . ' Mr Rose , a jeweller , was questioned at Romsey Police station , Hampshire . He poked fun at the accusations by taking in boxes of Jaffa Cakes for the officers . It came after he laughed off the initial allegations by saying : ` Thank God they did n't find out about the Jaffa Cakes . ' However , when he emerged 30 minutes later , he revealed that officers had refused to accept the treats , saying that would also constitute a bribe . Mr Rose , who had been backed by party leader Nigel Farage , maintained that there was no ` corrupt ' intent behind his food giveaway . He also accused rival parties of underhand tactics , adding : ` The support has been tremendous and it 's backfired on the major parties in Southampton big time and I now believe I can win my seat . ` I could be the first politician to win a seat in parliament based on sausage rolls and Jaffa Cakes . Scroll down for video . ` This story went all over the world . I have friends in Costa Rica who saw me come up on their TV and they nearly fell off their stools . ' The alleged incident took place at a community centre in the Weston area of the city on February 21 where his friend , veteran snooker star Jimmy White , 52 , played pool with children . The Ukip candidate put on a spread of sandwiches , sausage rolls and teas and coffees for the event . He said he was oblivious that he had done anything potentially illegal until he was contacted by Hampshire Constabulary 's Economic Crime Unit . Although he was never arrested or charged , Mr Rose was questioned at Romsey Police Station -LRB- pictured -RRB- over the alleged crime - and took in a packet of Jaffa Cakes to poke fun at the investigation . Mr Rose -LRB- pictured with Jimmy White , left , and Nigel Farage , right -RRB- branded police involvement as ` absolutely ridiculous ' , adding that voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to ` change their mind for a sausage roll ' At the time , he said : ` The sausage rolls were for the kids but now I have been reported to police who I believe have received a complaint from one of the main parties . ` Under parliamentary rules allegations of treating is bribing people with food and drink . I thought it was a joke at first and I said to the police officer it was a bit daft . ` He said , `` it is n't daft it could be a very serious offence '' . Fortunately I have eaten all the evidence . ' He added : ` It 's absolutely ridiculous . I 'm sure people are n't going to change their mind over voting for a sausage roll . ' Ukip leader Nigel Farage weighed into the dispute , calling the investigation ` utter nonsense ' . Mr Rose , pictured handing out sausage rolls in Southampton last week , was backed by party leader Nigel Farage . He maintained that there was no ` corrupt ' intent behind his food giveaway . Technically Mr Rose could have been fined and jailed for one year if he was ever found guilty of ` treating ' He said : ` There seems all sorts of cases in politics of people behaving badly and doing things wrong , abusing their positions . ` Having a few sausage rolls I do n't really think counts as one of those . ' Electoral Commission rules state food and entertainment can not be provided by election candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes . Technically Mr Rose could have been fined and jailed for one year if he was ever found guilty of ` treating ' . As set out in the Representation of the People Act -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , any voter convicted of ` corruptly accepting or taking ' any meat , drink , entertainment or provision could also be fined up to £ 5,000 . In a statement , Hampshire Police said : ` Following our meeting with Mr Rose yesterday on Monday April 13 , we can confirm that no further action will be taken . ' Mr Rose is standing in the seat for the fourth time . It is a key Labour-held battleground in the run up to next month 's election . In 1997 , Mr Rose stood in the general election as a candidate for the Socialist Labour Party which was launched by former mine workers leader Arthur Scargill . In 2001 and 2005 , the flamboyant businessman stood for UKIP in the Southampton Itchen seat , polling 1,623 votes in the second . The current Southampton Itchen MP is Labour 's John Denham , who won by just 192 votes last time . He will stand down after the election on May 7 . The other candidates are Royston Smith -LRB- Conservative -RRB- ; Rowenna Davis -LRB- Labour -RRB- ; Eleanor Bell -LRB- Liberal Democrats -RRB- ; John Spottiswoode -LRB- Green Party -RRB- and Sue Atkins -LRB- TUSC -RRB- .