A young bride planned a fairytale wedding and married her fiancé just six days after finding out his cancer is terminal . Laura Jordan , 24 , was told her now husband , Jack Jordan , 23 , had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11 , having battled leukaemia since 2013 . The couple , from Brixham , Devon , got engaged at Jack 's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news . Scroll down for video . Laura and Jack on their wedding day yesterday , April 16 , at the Torbay Hospital Chapel . Laura with Jack in hospital , where she sat by his side for more than a year . Friends , family , and hospital stuff rushed to plan the pair 's dream wedding , and Laura and Jack got married in Torbay Hospital Chapel just six days after the heartbreaking news - and Ed Sheeran even sent them a personal video . In it he said : ` Hope you have an amazing wedding . And drink a lot , dance a lot and have a lot of sex . You should be doing that . awkward laughter . And , yes , have a wonderful time - see you soon . ' The couple first met at school as teenagers but it was n't until 2012 when Jack worked in Laura 's local corner shop that their relationship blossomed . Jack underwent gruelling rounds of chemotherapy after being diagnosed two years ago , but it failed to stop cancer from spreading into his bone marrow . He is hoping to spend his final weeks at home surrounded by close family , his wife and her two-year-old daughter from a previous relationship , Lilly . Laura added : ` As soon as Jack told me that doctors could not offer him any further treatment I turned to him and said ` we need to get married . ` He proposed to me in January but we thought we had our whole lives to plan our wedding day . ` When he was given just weeks to live we had no time to wait , I 'm so happy that I can call Jack my husband now , we are soul mates and it seemed like the perfect thing to do . In 2013 , Jack knew there was something wrong when he started to feel tired and achy all the time - a blood test confirmed he had Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia . At the time Laura was due to give birth to Lilly and needed to focus on her , but the pair kept in touch . ` I surprised Jack by wearing a traditional white wedding dress after I told him I was wearing a smart suit . ` He could n't stop smiling when he saw me walking down the aisle , I felt like a princess . ` Our wedding day was amazing , we will never forget , it was the happiest day of our lives . ' Laura was distraught when Jack broke the news that his treatment was n't working and he had just weeks to live . She added : ` Jack has undergone so much chemotherapy in the past two years but despite being briefly in remission this year , his leukaemia returned . ` When he told me it was terminal last Friday I thought I would at least have a year with Jack before he died but when he told me he had just weeks left I was in complete shock . ` We had made so many plans for the future and Jack just kept saying `` I 'm so sorry '' as he knew he could no longer be here to fulfil them with me . When Lilly was six-months-old Laura drove two hours to see Jack at Bristol Hospital . After nine months of being inseparable the pair decided to start a relationship in February 2014 . They often had date nights where they would order Dominoes and watch films . Leukaemia affects a person 's white blood cells . White blood cells are the important infection-fighting part of the immune system , made in your bone marrow . Patients with leukaemia produce an abnormal number of immature white blood cells which ` clog up ' their bone marrow . This stops bone marrow making other blood cells , which are vital for a balanced immune system and healthy blood . Acute leukaemia comes on suddenly , progesses quickly and needs to be treated urgently . Chronic leukaemia develops more slowly , over months or years . Common treatments for leukaemia include chemotherapy , radiotherapy or a bone marrow transplant . It is predicted that 48 per cent of men and 44 per cent of women will survive the disease for ten years or more . ` I 'm completely heartbroken but I find my strength in him , I need to make sure his last few weeks are the best ones of his life . ` There is nothing more he wanted than to become my husband so I 'm really happy that I was able to fulfil that wish for him . ' Laura wore a floor length white wedding dress that was fitted by her mother , Jenny Cant , 47 , who works in bridal store , Jane 's . The registrar was provided for free by the Torbay Hospital Chapel and Lilly was their flower girl . Laura added : ` The day was perfect , Jack was determined to walk on his wedding day despite being completely exhausted due to cancer treatment . ` He had some oxygen before the ceremony began so he was able to smile for some treasured pictures without feeling as though he looked unwell . ` We both love one another so much that it was lovely to see him looking so happy despite knowing he has just weeks to live . ' Laura first met Jack when they were at school but it was n't until years later while Laura was pregnant that their relationship blossomed . She said : ` I was always popping down to my local corner shop for one craving or another but when I noticed Jack worked there I started going daily . ` I knew the minimum spend on a debit card was five-pounds so I purposely never took cash so I could take longer choosing things in the shop that would equal over that amount . ` Me and Jack would always have a little chat and he worked every day he could but one day when I walked in I noticed a charity bucket on the till for him , it read ` help poorly Jack . ' Laura surprised Jack by wearing a traditional white wedding dress after telling him she would wear a suit . There is nothing more Jack wanted than to become Laura 's husband , so she 's delighted to have been able to fulfil that wish for him . ` I was devastated when I realised he had blood cancer , he had kept it to himself as he did n't want me to worry . ' Jack knew there was something wrong when he started to feel tired and achy all the time - a blood test confirmed he had Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia . Laura said : ` At the time I was due to give birth to Lilly and I needed to focus on my daughter but we kept in touch in Facebook but I missed seeing him terribly . ` When Lilly was just six-months-old I drove two hours to see him at Bristol Hospital . ` He was so happy that I remembered him and he was completely overwhelmed to see us both . ' Laura has been at Jack 's side ever since and after nine-months of being inseparable the pair decided to start a relationship in February 2014 . Laura says they feel like the happiest couple in the world to have got married , but wish they had longer . When Laura found out about Jack 's condition she was due to give birth to Lilly so needed to focus on her . Laura was over the moon when he proposed two months ago while he was in hospital . She said : ` Jack has spent the majority of our relationship in hospital as he needs constant transfusions and chemo to stay alive but I have always made the best of our time together . ` We often had date nights where we would order dominoes and watch films . ' Laura was over the moon when he proposed two months ago while he was in hospital - it was a dream come true . Laura said : ` We had wanted to wait until Jack got better before we got married but that was no longer an option , it was now or never and I ca n't imagine my life without being Jack 's wife . ` I 'm so happy we will be spending our final few weeks as a family , there 's nothing more important than ensuring he feels comfortable and content in his final few weeks . ` We feel like the happiest couple in the world to have got married but we just wish we had longer together . ' Jack added : ` Marrying Laura is something I have wanted to do for a long time , I 'm so happy and proud to call her my wife . ` I love Laura and Lilly more than anything and I hope to create as many memories as possible in my final weeks . ` We want to say a big thank you to everyone who made our wedding day possible . After the ceremony , Jack and Laura were stunned to discover that their music idol Ed Sheeran had sent them a personalised video greeting from New Zealand . In it , he said : ` Hey Jack and Laura , It 's Ed here . I am sorry I ca n't be there . I am in New Zealand at the moment - just doing a tour . Ed Sheeran sent the couple a cheeky personalised video greeting from New Zealand . ` Hope you have an amazing wedding . And drink a lot , dance a lot and have a lot of sex . You should be doing that . awkward laughter . And , yes , have a wonderful time - see you soon . ' Laura said : ` We were told after the signing of the registers that Ed Sheeran had sent a video . ` Apparently if he had more notice he would have been there for us . He was on holiday in New Zealand and still took time out to do it . ` I was in total shock . The whole chapel gasped in unison as soon as it was announced . ` We are both huge fans . His awkwardness is hilarious to us , but he 's our age and proof to never give up . ` We were devastated because I bought Jack tickets for our anniversary in February to go and see him at Wembley in July and now we obviously ca n't go . ` The tickets will eventually arrive and Jack wo n't be here . ' The video was arranged through Jack 's social worker Suzie Holmes from CLIC Sargent .