Shelly Sterling has spoken out about her legal victory over her husband 's alleged mistress V. Stiviano , saying she took the much-younger woman to court ` for justice ' . The billionaire wife of former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge 's ruling this week that Stiviano , 32 , must return $ 2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts . Donald Sterling , 80 , had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $ 1.8 million house , luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades . But Shelly insisted on Wednesday she did n't take them to court over the money . Scroll down for video . Vindicated : Shelly Sterling , pictured at a Clippers game last month , will receive $ 2.6 million from a woman her husband Donald showered with gifts . Shelly has said she took the woman to court ` for justice ' ` I did it for justice , ' she said . ` I think when somebody harms you in so many ways , justice has to prevail . ' Shelly Sterling said she would donate the proceeds to charity . Despite acknowledging marital problems , she also said she and her husband never separated . She said she drafted divorce papers last year , but never filed them . The couple testified at trial last month in Los Angeles Superior Court about their love for each other , displaying cards they had exchanged . Still , Donald Sterling is suing his wife and the NBA over the $ 2 billion sale of the team . A year ago , a recording of Donald Sterling telling Stiviano not to associate with black people led the NBA to ban him for life and fine him $ 2.5 million . His wife then negotiated a deal to sell the team with ex-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer after doctors found Donald Sterling incompetent to handle his business affairs . Together : Donald Sterling is pictured with V. Stiviano in 2011 as they watch the Clippers play . He lost the team last year after a recording emerged in which he told Stiviano not to be seen with black people . Shelly added on Wednesday that she mourns the loss of the team . ` It was a horrible thing to go through , ' she said . ` They were like my family . To this day I still feel very bad about it . ' Her husband 's lawyer on Wednesday criticized her lawsuit as a ` pet project ' that had extended Stiviano 's time in the spotlight . ` The sums spent by Shelly Sterling in pursuing this matter likely exceeds any amount that will be recovered , ' attorney Bobby Samini said . ` We remain perplexed that so much time , energy and money have been allocated to litigating with Ms. Stiviano . ' Shelly Sterling 's attorney scoffed at that statement . ` What do you expect from the lawyer for a husband who was caught red-handed gifting his mistress with millions of dollars of family money , ' Pierce O'Donnell said . In court : Stiviano , pictured heading to court last month , accepted gifts worth $ 2.6 million from the older man and has now been ordered to hand them back over . The exact nature of their relationship was never clear . Shelly Sterling had filed the suit against Stiviano a month before the recording of her husband telling Stiviano not to associate with black people created an uproar and led the NBA to ban him for life . In court , Shelly Sterling 's lawyers used other recordings from Stivian 's iPhone to show he bought his alleged mistress a house , a Ferrari and other things . Stiviano and the 80-year-old billionaire were heard discussing how to shield gifts from his wife . ` The truth is that everything that I have , you 've given me from your heart without me begging or asking or throwing myself all over you , ' Stiviano said in snippet played in court . During the course of their two and a half years together , Sterling gave her a Ferrari , a Bentley and a Range Rover , and paid the lion 's share of a $ 1.8 million duplex . Sterling testified that he paid for the house , though Stiviano said she had contributed an unknown amount of money given to her in small bills by family members that she saved in a bedroom drawer . But Judge Richard Fruin Jr. said this claim was ` not believable ' and he relied instead on a recording in which she told Donald Sterling : ` I want Shelly to know you bought me the house . ' Still smiling : Stiviano , pictured showing off her new braces , was seen out in Los Angeles earlier this month . He ruled earlier this week that Stiviano must now turn over the keys to the $ 1.8 million house and pay Shelly Sterling some $ 800,000 that her husband showered on the younger woman in gifts . It was Stiviano who recorded the now-infamous conversation with Sterling in which he berated her for associating with black people and urged her not to bring minorities with her to Clippers games . In the subsequent furor , the NBA banned Sterling from the league for life , and he was ultimately forced to sell the Clippers franchise he had owned for 33 years for a record $ 2 billion . The recording was leaked weeks after Shelly Sterling sued Stiviano , alleging she was her husband 's mistress but the exact nature of their relationship was never clear . Stiviano called him a lover and father figure but said they never had sex . Donald Sterling called her an ` ex-friend ' on the witness stand , though he said in recordings that he loved her and wanted to give her everything .