Jilted music teacher Yulia Simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder 15-year-old Damian Vanya after he ended their relationship . A hidden camera filmed the moment a jilted 52-year-old music teacher ordered a ` hit ' on a teenage pupil , after the 15-year-old ended their relationship . . Yulia Simonova faces 15 years behind bars after she asked a friend to find someone willing to torture and kill Damian Vanya in exchange for 100,000 rubles -LRB- £ 1,400 -RRB- , after he dumped her for a classmate . But police set up a sting operation , sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman during a meeting with Simonova in the Russian city of Shatura , near the capital of Moscow . A secret camera filmed the exchange , where the 52-year-old teacher - who had showered the pupil with gifts and money for a year before he ended the relationship - said she wanted the boy to slowly bleed to death before she ` finished ' him . She told the undercover policeman : ` You must really beat him up because I want him to suffer from unbearable pain . Scroll down for video . An undercover police officer , posing as a hitman , filmed Simonova ordering the hit on her teenage ex-lover . After handing over expense money . part of £ 1,400 offered for a ` hit ' , police arrested the 52-year-old in her car . The Russian music teacher now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder . ` I want you to break his arms and legs but do not touch his face . Really attack and damage his kidneys because I want him to bleed out . ` I want to see him in a really bad state and then to just say a few words to him that he will understand . ` Then we will finish him together . ' After she had handed over some expenses money to the ` killer ' she was arrested by armed police in her car . She was searched before being taken to a police station where she was remanded in custody on charges of attempted murder . Simonova asked the undercover police officer said she wanted him to break the 15 year old 's arms and legs before she would join in and ` finish him ' . The 52-year-old had showered the teen with gifts during their affair . Pupil Vanya ended the relationship with his teacher , pictured being arrested by police , when he got together with his classmate . He said he hoped the guards would ` throw away the key ' for Simonova 's prison cell . Vanya , who is thought to have broken off the relationship with the teacher for one of his classmates , said he was relieved . ` I hope they throw away the key ' , he added .