It may have been the first time in 41 years that a jockey had won back-to-back Grand Nationals -- but the most emotional man at Aintree yesterday seemed to be Mike Tindall , whose horse Monbeg Dude was a fast-finishing third . The former England rugby star and husband of Zara Phillips , bought the horse for £ 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner and was overcome by the 40-1 outsider 's performance . After a whopping £ 105,500 payday he tweeted ` Holy s *** , I 'm lost for words and emotions . All I can say is yes the dude !!!!! ' Scroll down for video . Pay day : The former England rugby star tweeted ` Holy s *** , I 'm lost for words and emotions ' What a dude : It 's tense , then Zara and Mike explode with emotion as Monbeg Dude finishes . After her husband Mike Tindall bought the horse , Zara -LRB- pictured -RRB- , an experienced rider , called him an idiot . After he bought the horse Zara called him an idiot , but she was there with him , cheering the horse home as it almost caught the winner Many Clouds and second placed Saint Are in a thrilling finish . Saint Are -LRB- 25/1 -RRB- came second and Monbeg Dude -LRB- 40/1 -RRB- placed third . There were huge cheers from the crowd as the 39 horses who started the race set off at 4.15 pm to tackle the 30 fences over two laps . Several horses fell throughout the four mile , three-and-a-half furlong trek but it was Many Clouds ridden by Irish jockey Leighton Aspell which came out on top . Aspell was also successful last year on another 25-1 shot , Pineau De Re . Zara walks to the parade ring following surprise win - Monbeg Dude was a 40-1 outsider when the race began . Zara Phillips had coached Monbeg Dude herself to hard-won seventh place in last year 's Grand National . Monbeg Dude -LRB- pictured -RRB- was given the all-clear to run in the Grand National at Aintree after a poor showing at the Cheltenham Festival . Zara Phillips and Mike Tindall share a tender moment . Zara has developed a reputation for training . Monbeg Dude was given the all-clear to run in the Grand National at Aintree after a poor showing at the Cheltenham Festival . The gelding is also part owned by former England England international James Simpson-Daniel . Zara , 33 , a long-time fan of racing and an Olympic silver medal-winning eventer has developed a reputation for training point-to-point racers in her own right . She coached Monbeg Dude to a seventh place finish in last year 's Grand National . The former England rugby star and husband of Zara Phillips , bought the horse for £ 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner . Ecstatic : The Queen 's granddaughter Zara Phillips and husband Mike Tindall were among the happy faces .