Probe : Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service and his surgery raided following four deaths ` of concern ' The unexpected deaths of two members of a family are at the centre of a criminal probe into their GP . Detectives raided Dr Rory Lyons ' private health centre and medical officials have suspended the 62-year-old from treating patients . Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor when they died . Islanders claim the death from pneumonia of Karen , 52 , in January prompted the investigation , which then uncovered three more deaths of concern -- including that of retired stonemason Colin , 63 , who died of heart failure in May . Mr Cosheril 's sister -- ambulance technician Brenda Webb -- said she complained to Guernsey 's health service after his sudden death . The mother-of-two , 61 , said : ` His death was very sudden . It was a shock . My brother was getting well one day and the next day he went downhill too quickly -- the day after that he was dead . ' A family friend of divorcee Karen Cosheril , who used to work at the island 's Chinese takeaway , said : ` Just before she died there did n't seem to be anything wrong with her . Then she phoned me and said she was in hospital . ` The next day I got a call saying she had died from pneumonia and I thought , `` That is sudden is n't it ? '' It was strange because that usually takes time . ' A family member said of Miss Cosheril , who was also known by her married name of Tayleur , said : ` Her death is one of those being investigated . We were in complete shock when we heard . ' More than 10 Guernsey police officers flew to the island to search Dr Lyons ' Eagle Medical Practice last Thursday . The surgery remained shut over the Easter weekend . A note referring patients to the other island practice was pinned to the door and signed by Dr Lyons , who also worked at the island 's care home . The father-of-two lives in Alderney with his wife . The blinds of their home were shut over the weekend but he was spotted at a flat close to the surgery in the town of St Anne 's . He has not responded to requests for comment . Medical records and other documents were seen being taken from his surgery during the five-hour police search . A search warrant was also executed at a private address . A spokesman for Guernsey 's Health and Social Services Department said the investigation was launched when concerns were raised about a death earlier in the year . The police were then informed after an internal investigation identified the three other potentially suspicious deaths . All four patients died in the past 18 months . Relatives : Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor when they died . Karen , 52 , left , died in January of pneumonia and Colin , 63 , right , died of heart failure in May last year . Family liaison officers have also been sent to the island to help relatives of the deceased . Guernsey Chief of Police Patrick Rice said : ` This decisive early action was necessary to ensure the protection of the public . ` The community will be understandably concerned by news of this investigation . It will be complex and take time to establish the full facts . ' Dr Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service following a hearing on Thursday . Before moving to the island , he worked and lived in Stratford-upon-Avon , where he was a part-time GP . Alderney -- which has fewer than 2,000 inhabitants and is just three miles long -- has two medical practices , with four GPs , and a 20-bed hospital where GPs treat their own patients . All services are run privately outside the NHS .