Hearing the scurry of tiny claws across the kitchen worktop can produce feelings of disgust and despair in home owners . Now an animal welfare charity claims to have a solution to help households rid themselves of mouse infestations - lending them a cat for the day . Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with a cleaning and DIY app to offer customers a cat fostering service . Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy to offer customers a cat fostering service . Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning . The north London-based charity say that the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents . Juliette Jones , animal welfare consultant at Wood Green , said : ` We have more than 200 cats in need of good homes , some of which will benefit from being cared for temporarily in a home environment , until they find their forever homes . Cutting the lawn can be a hassle - you need to get out the mower , trim the edges and then there is what you do with the cuttings . But Amazon is now apparently offering a solution - by allowing you to rent a goat . The Goat Grazer Beta service allows homeowners to keep your lawn trim . It also offers goats as a way of keeping all manner of other unruly vegetation under control . According to Amazon 's website : ` Goats can eat tons of stuff ! ` They 're curious little creatures that like to at least taste almost anything resembling a plant . ` They actually love to munch away at many types of vegetation that we find invasive , ugly , or harmful to humans . ` Goats can eat thistle , blackberry , English Ivy , kudzu , poison ivy , poison sumac , poison oak , wisteria , various grasses , and more . Your pro will be able to let you know for sure ' Sadly the service is only available in the US at the moment . It is also not the first company to offer goats as a way of mowing the lawn . California based Rent-a-Goat say its hooved ` grass guzzling machines ' are 50 % cheaper than hiring a human to do the job . ` We hope this unique service will open people 's minds to the positive impact - both practical and emotional - of having a loveable feline in residence . ' The service is being provided through the Handy smartphone app , which allows users to book cleaners and handymen for home repairs . The app allows householders to choose the cat they want to visit their home and offers photos and background for each member of the feline mousing team . Those looking to borrow a cat to help rid their homes of a mouse infestation are asked to be ` flexible , patient and caring towards the animals ' . The charity provides litter trays , feed and bedding to help foster families look after their pet . The service is only available in London within driving distance of Wood Green for now . Rodent infestations are a particular problem in the winter months when mice move inside to escape the colder weather . However , once established , a mice colony will often stay in a home for generations and can be difficult to be rid of . They are not only considered to be unhygienic but also can cause damage by chewing through wires and furniture to make bedding . Few insurance companies will cover damage caused by pests . The most common way to tackle a rodent problem is with traps , but home improvement shops also sell electronic deterrents . Natural plants such as mint and basil are also said to keep rodents away . Juliette Jones said that cats were an effective and natural alternative . She said : ` The cats have this desired effect because they are constantly giving off invisible signals around the place . ` When a cat rubs his or herself against your leg unfortunately he is not showing affection . Instead he or she is marking their territory and sending a message to other animals , in particular mice . ` The reason why a ` mouser ' is the best way to get rid of pesky vermin is that it is humane . The cats do n't need to do any mouse catching - their sheer presence alone will have any mice leaving the premises , repelled by the cat 's pheromones . ` Because of this , homeowners need not worry about finding dead mice about the house , nor that they might have any mousey blood on their hands . ' Pete Dowds , Handy 's UK manager , said the new scheme had been created as a result of an increasing number of requests from Handy customers for cleaners to bring in cats with them in order to help scare away mice . Pearl -LRB- above -RRB- is one of the cats who is being offered for free as part of a cleaning service to tackle mice . Those looking to borrow a cat to help rid their homes of a mouse infestation are asked to be ` flexible , patient and caring towards the animals ' . The charity provides litter trays , feed and bedding . Photos of the cats , like Dash -LRB- left -RRB- and Peppy -LRB- right -RRB- , appear on the Handy cleaning and DIY service app along with details about the animals ' life stories . Homeowners can then book them to foster them for a few days . ` Mice are unwelcome residents in homes across the capital . ` In the past , our cleaners have been asked to bring in moggies to scare rodents , so we were delighted to take the unusual step of being able to offer ` foster-able ' felines from Wood Green alongside our more typical cleaning and DIY services . ` Naturally , this is all about the cats , and we hope that Londoners will fall in love with some of the attractive mousers that come to stay : potentially turning temporary residences into permanent ones as a result . ' Rodent infestations are a particular problem in the winter months when mice move inside to escape the colder weather . The smell of the cats , such as Chico -LRB- left -RRB- and Elsa -LRB- right -RRB- is said to scare rodents away but is hard for humans to detect .