A man whose car smashed into a Geelong house leaving a baby girl in an induced coma was allegedly attacked by a man who was inside the home at the time of the crash . The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling , witnesses told the Herald Sun . Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30 pm on Sunday . Scroll down for video . A baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a Geelong house . Her parents , who are in their 20s and were in the room at the time , are in Geelong Hospital with minor injuries . Detectives from the Major Collision Investigation Unit are at the scene on the corner of Fellmongers Road and Boundary Road in Breakwater . The four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children 's Hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries . A man and a woman in their 20s , who were in the bedroom at the time of the crash , are in Geelong Hospital with minor injuries . The driver , a 20-year-old Grovedale man , is under police guard in Geelong Hospital and is yet to be questioned . ` As he 's entered the intersection at Boundary Road , he 's failed to negotiate the roundabout and has in fact driven straight across the roundabout and crashed into the front room of a house , ' Detective Sergeant Andrew Kilpatrick said . The four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children 's Hospital in Melbourne . Police say a car crashed through a fence and into the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30 pm on Sunday . ` The intersection is well lit ... nothing that we can see here with road conditions and weather conditions would have contributed to the accident . ' Detectives from the Major Collision Investigation Unit are at the scene . Neighbours who heard the moment of impact said it sounded ` like an explosion ' .