With his lively eyebrows , winkled cheeks and eyes that follow you around the room - this state-of-the-art robotic head is menacingly lifelike . The humanoid , known as Ham , has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week . The head , designed by American robotics designer David Hanson , is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios . Scroll down for video . Incredibly lifelike : Known as Ham , this humanoid is made using specialised software and can recognise and respond to facial expressions . Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show at AsiaWorld Expo - the largest event of its kind in the world , with more than 4,000 booths displaying the latest gadgets . The head is created with malleable material called Frubber using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology . It contains realistic pores that measure just 4 to 40 nanometers across -LRB- there are 10million nanometers in one centimetre -RRB- . Using specialised software the machine can recognise and respond to a number of human facial expressions in a natural way . According to Hanson Robotics 's website , the humanoids can actually see your face , make eye contact with you , and understand speech to ` engage you in witty dialogue ' . Such reactions are a major feat of engineering , according to chief designer David Hanson , the founder and and president of Hanson Robotics . Reactive : The robot smiles using multiple motors - which whir into action and subtly adjust multiple points of articulation around his mouth and brown eyes . State-of-the-art : The head is created with malleable material using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology . It contains realistic pores that measure just 4 to 40 nanometers across -LRB- there are 10million nanometers in one centimetre -RRB- . It is not the first human-looking robot that his firm has created either . An earlier version of Ham drew headlines as it was sculpted to look like Albert Einstein , complete with a bushy moustache and a shock of white hair . The Einstein humanoid made facial expressions by using multiple motors - which whir into action and subtly adjust multiple points of articulation around his mouth and brown eyes . Mr Hanson sees robotics as his calling and works on many fronts , from sculpting features to developing artificial intelligence . To advance to the next step of producing robots for everyday applications in entertainment , health care and education , he decided to move to Hong Kong with his family - his wife Amanda and their son Zeno . The city has a booming robotics community with a high amount of expertise and design infrastructure and new technology can be developed at a lower cost than in the US . Leading designer : Mr Hanson sees robotics as his calling and works on many fronts , from sculpting features to developing artificial intelligence . On show : Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show at AsiaWorld Expo - the largest event of its kind in the world . Previous model : The Einstein robot , which made its public debut at the Technology , Entertainment and Design conference in the U.S in 2009 , was developed at the University of California -LRB- UC -RRB- .