A pregnant Texas woman has been killed after she was run over by her husband during an argument - but doctors managed to save her baby . The couple , who have not been named , were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road , South West Houston . Her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle , slipped and he ran her over . Police say that they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him . Pictured : The husband of a Texas woman who was killed after he accidentally ran her over talks to police about the accident . Pickup : During the heat of the argument the man tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle , slipped , and he ran her over . Houston police investigator Rolando Saenz told KPRC News : ` As he was leaving , she came to the driver 's door , held onto the door , the husband drives away , she slips and falls , and the husband runs over her . ` The witnesses at the scene did say he was crying , and he was calling 911 for help . ' Houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded Monday . But no charges have been filed against him . Paramedics rushed the woman to Memorial Hermann Hospital Southwest where doctors successfully delivered her baby by Cesarean section . Investigation : Houston Police , seen here , spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events Monday . But no charges have been filed against him . Baby : The woman was rushed to Memorial Hermann Hospital Southwest by paramedics where doctors successfully delivered her baby by Cesarean section . The baby was then transported via Life Flight Helicopter to Memorial Hermann Hospital for observation . There is no word on the baby 's condition at this time , according to KPRC News . The woman 's 17-year-old son was told of his mother 's death during a phone call at school . Justin Martinez , a friend of the woman 's 17-year-old son told KPRC News : ` She was a really nice person to me and everybody , and she loved her children . '