A parody video that mocks American skiers and plays on stereotypes about US tourists has gone viral on the internet , but not all viewers are finding it amusing . The profanity-laced comedy sketch by 26 Minutes , a news satire programme broadcast by Radio Television Suisse , follows ` Jeff Randl ' , who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier . With more than 300,000 views on YouTube since late March , some viewers said they were offended or did n't find the humour in the show 's over-the-top depiction of Americans on the slopes in Switzerland . The comedy sketch follows ` Jeff Randl ' , who travels to ` Sweden ' to compete in Xtreme Verbier . Jeff , portrayed by one of the French-language show 's presenters , is a blonde , mop-haired snowboarder who tells the camera he has travelled from Lake Forest , California to ` Sweden ' to compete in the freeriding event . The Bible-toting and pot-smoking character plays on the usual stereotypes about US tourists -- from being loud and inconsiderate to arrogant and less worldly . Scenes show Jeff smoking a ` joint ' while travelling up the mountain on a gondola , saying ` Excuse me , I 'm American ' as he pushes his way past other skiers or snowboarders , and barrelling down the slopes without care or caution . At one point , Jeff tells the camera : ` Sweden , I think that 's one of the 50 states of Europe or something . I do n't like it too much here , you do n't give a s *** what people are saying . ' Jeff -LRB- right -RRB- offends others by being loud , jumping queues and smoking marijuana on a gondola . He later takes offence to a rainbow-coloured gondola , saying : ` Hey , this machine is gay . I do n't like it . ' The end of the video shows Jeff being buried in an ` avalanche ' and pulling his Bible out of his jacket . When he is hauled out of the snow by a rescue team , he believes he is saved by God and shouts : ` I 'm American , and God bless America . ' The video has received mixed reviews on YouTube , although the majority of comments appear to be from those who found humour in the satire . The snowboarder takes offence to a rainbow-coloured gondola at the Swiss ski resort of Verbier . Of the negative reviews , one viewer wrote : ` Kind of offended by this , definitely not entertained . Pretty poorly thought out satire . ' Another said : ` Still trying to find the funny in this . ' Of those who found it funny , one viewer said : ` I 'm an American ... and I freaking love this ' . Another wrote : ` Got ta love the Bible toting Californian surfer dude who snowboards ... All it needed was for him to eat a Big Mac . ' Jeff holds his Bible after he was ` buried ' in an avalanche and pulled from the snow by rescuers . Comedian Vincent Kucholl , who played the role of Jeff , told Swiss newspaper Le Matin that he has enjoyed seeing the response from Americans , and he rejected suggestions that the sketch was racist . He said : ` It 's funny that they are reacting ... but we did nothing wrong . This was for people here , not in America . ' He told the newspaper that viewers ' reactions suggests that Americans have less self-deprecating humour than the Swiss .