Children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school . The pledge is contained in a ` home-school agreement ' which all children must sign before they start at Turnham Primary School in September . The infants must also promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases and to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations and lifestyles . Each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ` responsibilities ' while attending the school . Anti-bullying : Turnham Primary School - led by executive headteacher Selina Sharpe - sent out an agreement for all new children to sign before they start in the new academic year . Tick-box bureaucracy : But parents were dumbfounded when it included a demand not to use ` transphobic language ' , as it would mean explaining something many three-year-olds are not even aware exists . It is understood that teachers at the South-East London school introduced the document to help stamp out playground prejudice against transgender people and a wide range of disabilities and cultures . But yesterday the chairman of governors said that they knew nothing about the change to the contract , which was also dismissed as ` bonkers ' by parents who said pre-school children could not be expected to understand such complex issues . The contract was sent to parents last week along with the letters offering a place at the school . It reads : ` We believe that every child can and should reach their full potential . This is achieved when all staff , parents and children understand their responsibilities and work together towards the same goals , as detailed in our home-school agreement . ' In a list of responsibilities for pupils to sign is a clause which states pupils will be tolerant of ` sexual orientation or lifestyle and refrain from using racist or homophobic or transphobic language in school ' . The contract does not say what will happen to pupils who disobey the clauses . Yesterday , one mother said : ` My son is three yet he is meant to pledge not to use `` transphobic '' language . ` How am I meant to explain it to my three-year-old that he must sign on the dotted line not to do something which he is not even aware exists when he can barely hold a crayon ? This just fills me with dread about what sort of politically correct , tick-box bureaucracy runs this school . ` I agree that teachers need to be made aware of transgender issues as it affects a number of children who suffer in silence , but to make three-year-olds sign up to something they do not even know exists is bonkers . ' Sorry : The school 's chair of governors has apologised for any offence or distress caused to parents or pupils . Turnham Primary is a foundation school , which means it is funded by the Government through Labour-run Lewisham Council , which yesterday refused to comment on the matter . The school , led by executive head teacher Selina Sharpe , also declined to comment . Yesterday , Robert Mapp , chairman of governors , said he was not aware of ` the change in format ' to the home-school agreement . He said Miss Sharpe was an ` interim executive head ' at Turnham , adding : ` Given she is a Lewisham Council employee who was personally referred to Turnham Primary Foundation School by the executive director for children and young people , Frankie Sulke , I am surprised the local authority have elected not to comment on the matter once . ` On behalf of the governing body I would like to sincerely apologise for any offence or distress caused to our parents and pupils . Until I have held a full inquiry into the matter , I am not in a position to make any further comment . ' The controversy comes in the wake of the Coalition 's British Values drive , which requires all schools to teach tolerance of other faiths and lifestyles . It was introduced last year in response to the Trojan Horse scandal , which saw schools in Birmingham allegedly infiltrated by Muslim hardliners hoping to impose an Islamic agenda . But since then , schools have complained they have been penalised by Ofsted for failing to meet the criteria . Two Christian schools in the North East said pupils were asked ` inappropriate ' questions on race and sexuality -- and branded intolerant when they gave the wrong answers . One ten-year-old girl was left in tears after inspectors allegedly asked her ` whether she felt trapped in someone else 's body ' . Two years ago Turnham Primary came to national attention when Cliff Pearce , then chairman of governors , claimed expenses for travel to the school for meetings from his home in Menorca in Spain .