A New York man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street -- completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling . Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign , which saw signs a series of pro-feminist signs being placed on several streets around New York City , when he took to the street to hear opinions from the public . And while the women he spoke to all called the practice ` disgusting , ' saying it makes them feel ` horrible ' and ` uncomfortable , ' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public . Scroll down for video . Clueless catcaller : This New York man , right , did n't realize Buzz60 's Patrick Jones , left , was doing a segment criticizing catcalling ; the man showed his own catcalling techniques throughout the interview . ` Sometimes , you know , you got ta call a girl , ' says the man , who is wearing sunglasses and a T-shirt with a logo of what appears to be the Playboy bunny with a marijuana leaf for ears . Unprompted , the man begins demonstrating by whistling and making ticking and kissing noises with his mouth . When Patrick , who looks surprised to have found one of the very street harassers that his other interviewees hit out at , asks the man how he would call a dog , he unabashedly replies : ` The same way ' . Demeaning dude : The man on the right laughs as he admits he would call a dog with the same whistling noises he uses to call out to women on the street . ` It feels good , ' the New York man says in response to a question about how catcalling makes women on the receiving end feel . The man , who throughout the interview can be seen casting his eyes around seemingly looking for women , then demonstrates his tactics again on a passerby . ` If it 's far away it 's even better because they 're not that scared , ' he continues , not acknowledging that his comment implies that when women are close to their catcallers , they feel a sense of fear . ` Sometimes you 've got ta have a little distance . ' Highlighting the problem : The video was made in response to anti-catcalling signs like these , which have been put up around New York City . Totally oblivious : The man being interviewed did n't seem to notice that he was being filmed in front of a sign like this one , which says ` no catcall zone ' Before the video wraps up , the man finally realizes that the interview is not meant to show catcalling in a positive light , asking : ` Wait a second , are you reporting that girls do n't like this ? ' ` They do n't like catacalling , ' says Patrick insists . ` Get the f ** out of here , ' says the man , who becomes visibly irritated . ` We 're acknowledging that you did a good thing today getting up out of bed , ' he adds , before getting distracted by another woman and whistling at her while yelling : ` Yo , sweetheart ! '