She recently turned 51 but Elle Macpherson 's good looks , toned body and age-defying skin would have you believe otherwise . So what 's her secret ? The model has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body . In an interview with the Evening Standard , the model admitted that the most surprising thing in her handbag is the tester kit , which she uses to check her state of alkaline . Scroll down for video . Elle Macpherson , who turned 51 last month , has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body . Elle said : ' -LRB- The most surprising thing in my handbag is -RRB- a pH balance urine tester kit to check that I 'm in an alkaline state . I believe that most ailments come from having an acidic body . ' The body 's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is , and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease . An alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods -LRB- lots of leafy greens -RRB- and exercising . Having been labeled ` The Body ' since the 1980s , Elle has had to make sure her physique is in peak condition at all times , and the Britain 's Next Top Model host puts her figure down to ` variation ' and ` consistency ' . The body 's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is , and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease . Elle is well-known for her healthy diet and even released her own superfood product , The Super Elixir . She said : ` Variation is key . I work out 45 minutes a day , six days a week , combining hiking , water skiing , swimming and running on a beach . ' -LRB- My idea of a healthy diet is -RRB- consistency and eating three healthy meals a day . Having said that , red meat , wheat and dairy do n't work for me . ' Like fellow models Miranda Kerr and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley , Elle swears by the power of all things green and she is so convinced by their potency , that she 's unveiled her very own brand . Last year , Elle introduced The Super Elixir by WelleCo , a range of alkalising food supplements , which she describes as her drug . She has n't aged a day ! Having been labeled ` The Body ' since the 1980s , Elle , pictured , left , in 1995 and , right , in 2012 , has had to make sure her physique is in peak condition at all times . The product was formulated over many years especially for Elle by Dr Simone Laubscher PhD , a Harley Street nutritional doctor specialising in disease prevention . The powder , which can be sprinkled over salads or mixed into juices and smoothies , claims to support healthy nutrition and ensure your body is working to its optimum function . Speaking to FEMAIL at the time about the inspiration behind her new range , Elle said : ` I 'm on the run a lot and if I 'm not nourished , I do n't feel good . ` For years , I was taking vitamins and powders . I tried alternative medicine , acupuncture , reflexology . ` I 'm a pescatarian , I do n't drink , do drugs or smoke so what else can I do ? I was n't unaware of wellness but something was n't working for me and I told my doctor `` I do n't feel great '' . ` She told me my body was acidic , it was down to stress , travel and lack of sleep . ' Elle has co-created The Super Elixir Nourishing Protein , which is made from locally sourced organic sprouted brown rice , pea protein chocolate and Peruvian cacao and a product that the supermodel credits for helping her get ready for beach holidays . So successful was the launch of the elixir that the duo have added another product to the range : The Super Elixir Nourishing Protein . Made from locally sourced organic sprouted brown rice , pea protein chocolate and Peruvian cacao , the £ 45 product is a plant based complete protein , containing all nine essential amino acids like those found in red meat , eggs , chicken and fish . ` Not only do I love the delicious chocolate taste but I enjoy sport and need a good source of clean protein for muscle repair , energy and of course getting ready for that beach holiday , ' said Elle of the latest health product .