A little girl with Down syndrome is every bit a princess when visiting Disney World and modeling the beautiful dresses her mother sews for her . Jacksonville , Florida Photographer Kristina Bewly took her 4-year-old daughter Giselle to the Florida theme park for the first time last September and they have been returning every month since . Each time the family visits , Giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother Kristina . Scroll down for video . She 's a princess ! : Florida mom Kristina Bewley started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they 've been visiting the park monthly ever since . Dream come true : Giselle looks every bit a princess in this Cinderella dress her mother bought for her . Butterflies : Giselle visits the park every month and wears a different whimsical outfit every time . Like mother like daughter : Both Giselle and her mother Kristina love visiting Disney World together . Kristina , who works with special needs kids , takes glamorous photos of her daughter playing in the park and wearing her colorful new outfits . ` It 's become kind of an addiction . Since we live so close , we base our visits off one or two outfits , ` Kristina told Today . Kristina is so inspired by her daughter that she started a Facebook page called Giselle 's Garden that features her 4-year-old princess in her whimsical attire . Kristina told Today that her photos have been extremely well received . ` I 'm not trying to be biased , but I think my daughter is beautiful . I think she 's as beautiful as any other 4-year-old . I just want her to be treated the same way . She could be a model in her photos , ' she said . Kristina first learned to sew when Giselle started playing dress up in store bought clothing and did n't like wearing the itchy tulle material . Spreading her wings : Dressing up in costumes and visiting the park has given Giselle more confidence . All smiles : Giselle was once very quiet but after her many visits to Disney World and becoming comfortable with the spotlight she smiles at people and even gives them a high five . Little angel : Kristina loves her daughter and captures her angelic beauty in her joyful photographs . Out of the box : Visiting Disney world keeps Giselle 's life full or surprises and teaches her to think outside of the box and try new things . New friends : Giselle 's favorite part of her Disney World visit is meeting her favorite characters . Kristina makes outfits for her daughter that are focused on comfort and a little bit of magic . So far Giselle has played many princess roles including those of Princess Jasmine , Cinderella and Tinkerbell . She also liked playing boy characters such as Mike Wazowski from Monster 's Inc. and the little boy from Up . When Giselle and Kristina visit the theme park they do n't go to all the attractions , instead they feed ducks and visit some Disney characters . Kristina said that Disney World has helped her daughter feel more comfortable around other people and act less shy . Giselle once never said a word but now she waves to people and even high fives them . New fashions : Kristina said she first started sewing for her daughter when Giselle started playing dress-up and could n't tolerate the scratchy tulle textures . Magic everywhere : Giselle captures heartwarming and truly magical moments with her daughter Giselle . Like a model : Kristina says that he daughter looks like a real model in the photos she takes of her and that her beautiful soul shines through in each photo . ` She just blossomed . I do n't have any other words to describe it -- she is a flower and she just burst into blooming when we got there , ' Kristina told The Huffington Post . ` It was insane . And now we 're obsessed with going because that 's when we get to see her at her best . ' Kristina says that she learns from her own daughter every day and that she is now able to help other families who have children with special needs . ` I love that I can offer sessions to families with special needs who may be afraid to take their kids to a photographer who would n't be used to working with children like that , ' she said . Kristina values her daughter 's unique beauty , happiness , and Disney princess spirit . ` This has been a very fun learning experience for us . She 's definitely taught us to slow down and savor every moment , and really look into finding the beauty in things , ' she said . ` I 'm just trying to make sure I capture her doing all this stuff when she 's young , and we do n't have too many worries going on and we 're all just having a good time . There 's really not any philosophical reason , other than I thought it would all be pretty . ' Not afraid : Giselle jumps at the opportunity to make new friends at her favorite theme park in the world . All dressed up : Giselle is n't the only one who likes to dress up and go to Disney World . Disney girl : Giselle loves all things Disney and visits the nearby theme park at least once a month . Frozen magic : Giselle has a whole future ahead of her and it seems as though those moments may be filled with magic and eternal Disney fun . Bye for now ! : Giselle and her family will continue to visit the park and document their daughter 's childhood with lovely snapshots of her enjoying life .