Ronald Koeman called for Southampton 's players to show maturity , nous and respect after Victor Wanyama 's future came under question . This weekend brings with it arguably Saints ' biggest match of the season , with the visit of Tottenham likely to be key in the fight for European qualification . Mauricio Pochettino 's first return to St Mary 's adds extra spice to a match , ahead of which his successor felt the need to hold a team meeting to refocus his players ' minds . Ronald Koeman says his Southampton players must remain focused on European qualification . Koeman spoke to Victor Wanyama and his other players to refocus them on the last five league games . Wanyama 's claims that Arsenal were interested in his services were the catalyst and , while defending the 23-year-old by saying the story was ` bull **** ' , Koeman called for his players to show more common sense . ` You know always in the last part of the season there are rumours talking about interest in players , ' the Saints boss said . ` I do n't like to say every time it 's true or it 's not true . ` It 's important that everybody knows his position in the club . They have contracts - you ca n't talk about moving because you have a contract . That 's not respectful to the club . ` We spoke about that , that we need that focus . If we do n't have really that focus , we ca n't bring the level what we normally bring this season . ' Such speculation about the likes of Wanyama , Nathaniel Clyne and Morgan Schneidelin brings back memories of last summer 's talent drain from St Mary 's . Wanyama 's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to Arsenal . Koeman has repeatedly insisted a similar situation will not arise this time around , although he is wise enough to know the south-coast club 's place in the food chain . ` On one side it 's normal because , okay , we are Southampton , ' Koeman said . ` We are not Man United , because they are always talking about new players , and normally in teams like Southampton , a little bit more down , they are talking about interest in players of Southampton . ` We know that , but it 's up to the press . They can write and they can say what they want , but no problem . ` We have to keep that spirit together and that was my message to the players . ` We ca n't do anything about that . You have to look out if they ask you that kind of questions . That 's your job . There has also been speculation about the futures of Morgan Schneiderlin -LRB- left -RRB- and Nathaniel Clyne . Southampton come up against former boss Mauricio Pochettino on Saturday in the race for the Europa League . ` You 're not a young kid . You have to respond , and if you respond you have to know what you respond . ' Koeman says he will not be enforcing a media ban to keep his players out of trouble - something he accepts is more difficult now given the power held by agents . The former Holland international also understands the ambitions his players may well harbour , admitting he spoke out of turn a few times when he was younger . ` Of course , when I played in Holland , okay , I was looking to play in a bigger team - that 's normal , ' Koeman said . ` If you are not really in the highest level and you get opportunities to play in a higher level , okay , you like it , of course . Everybody likes the best . ` Everybody likes to play Champions League football - that 's normal . I 'm not surprised about that . '