A 73-year-old councillor stabbed his wife eight times with a seven-inch kitchen knife after discovering she was having an affair with the postman , a court heard . Joseph O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex when he grew suspicious his wife , Amanda , 47 , was having an alleged affair and hired a private investigator to follow her . Brighton Magistrates ' Court heard they agreed to stay together but O'Riordan later attacked her - stabbing her in the chest , torso , arms and back . Joseph O'Riordan stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda -LRB- left -RRB- with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times . The couple had been married for ten years when O'Riordan , who was also the president of his local Royal British Legion and had attended the Queen 's garden party in 2013 for his work on the Diamond Jubilee celebrations , discovered his wife was in a relationship with a man named in court as Nicholas Gunn . Mr Gunn had been the postman in the couple 's neighbourhood before moving away from the area . After becoming suspicious of Mrs O'Riordan , a jealous O'Riordan used a GPS tracking device to monitor her car journeys and hired a private investigator to follow her . On the day of the attack , in October last year , the couple were at Mrs O'Riordan 's mother 's house to help with the shopping when the councillor received a call , believed to be from Mr Gunn . Giving evidence in a pre-recorded interview , Mrs O'Riordan said : ` After the phone call he came back into the room and I could see a shift in his mood . ` We left my mother 's to get some food at KFC , and in the car Joe said to me , `` you can probably tell there is something wrong '' . ` He then told me he had hired a private investigator and told me I had lied to him about previous phone calls I had received . ' On the journey home Mrs O'Riordan tried to get out of the car , but was dragged back in and held down by her husband so she could not to escape . When they got home she went straight to the bedroom to dump her handbag and O'Riordan asked why she had not removed her coat . Brighton Magistrates ' Court heard he hired a private investigator to follow his wife and discovered she was having an affair with their postman , Nicholas Gunn . She replied : ` I 'm not sure if I am going to stay here , I might go back to mum 's for a cup of coffee . ' O'Riordan then left the room before returning with the seven inch knife and allegedly cried out : ` You have made me do this . This is all your fault . ' He stabbed his wife violently before calling her an ambulance and admitting to the call handler what he had done . The court heard an audio clip of the 999 phone call in which O'Riordan can be heard saying : ` My wife 's been stabbed in the stomach . She 's bleeding really badly , she could be dying . ` It was me who stabbed her . She 's lost quite a lot of blood . I want to look after her , it 's me who 's done this to her . ' In the tape Mrs O'Riordan can be heard groaning in pain in the background before sirens sound and police arrive . She suffered life-threatening injuries including a collapsed lung in the vicious attack . Dale Sullivan , prosecuting , said : ` In the evening of that night , Joseph O'Riordan went from his bedroom to the kitchen and selected a knife before returning to the bedroom to stab his wife multiple times . ` The issue in this case is a narrow one , but it is simply this-on October 22 did Joseph intend to kill Amanda ? ' . Sussex police constable Steven Wilson said : ` Mr O'Riordan 's demeanor struck me as unusual under the circumstances . ` He was compliant and co-operative and had a distinctive bored air about him . ' O'Riordan pleaded guilty to wounding with intent but denied a charge of attempted murder . The trial continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .