Ed Miliband 's claim to crackdown on the super-rich unravelled today after it emerged Ed Balls has warned the idea of scrapping non-dom rules would cost the country money . The Labour leader used a speech to say he will ` abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms , which applies to around 116,000 people , claiming they make Britain an ` offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ` no longer be justified ' . But in January Mr Balls , the shadow chancellor , said : ` I think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country . ' Scroll down for video . Ed Miliband has pledged to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status which allows millionaires to reduce their tax bil . The Labour leader visited Cheswick 's Coffee shop in Rowley Regis in the West Midlands this afternoon . Mr Miliband argues that non-dom tests ` are not very rigorous ' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad . Non-domicile status allows people living and working in Britain to only pay tax on their UK income , but not earnings from overseas . They must prove that they regard a foreign country as their real home . But Mr Miliband argues that non-dom tests ` are not very rigorous ' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad . In a speech in Warwick today , Mr Miliband said that everyone who has made Britain their permanent home should pay full UK tax on all their income and gains . He pledged to abolish the non-dom status from April 2016 . He told an audience at the University of Warwick : ` Why should there be one rule for some and another for everybody else ? ` It is not fair . It is not just . It holds Britain back . We will stop it . The next Labour government will abolish the non-dom rule . ` And we will replace it with a clear principle : Anyone permanently resident in the UK will pay tax in the same way . ` The rules we will introduce are modelled on what other countries do . Real temporary residents , here for a brief period , will only have to pay tax on what they earn here . ` Because they will be paying their taxes in their place of permanent residence . But everyone else will have to pay tax on their worldwide income . ' The status , which is unique to the UK having been introduced by William Pitt the Younger in the late 18th century , is used by more than 110,000 wealthy people . In January shadow chancellor Ed Balls warned : ` I think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country . ' Mr Miliband said non-dom status results from a discredited belief that ` anything goes for those at the top and that what is good for the rich is always good for Britain ' . He added : ` There are people who live here in Britain like you and me , work here in Britain , are permanently settled here in Britain like you and me , but are n't required to pay taxes like you and me because they take advantage of what has become an increasingly arcane 200-year-old loophole . ` There are now 116,000 non-doms , costing hundreds of millions of pounds to our country -- it can no longer be justified , and it makes Britain an offshore tax haven for a few . ' Non-dom status is often inherited through the father so can apply to people who were born in Britain . They must pay an annual fee , of up to £ 90,000 , to take advantage of the rules , which means it is only of us to the very wealthy . Newspaper reports overnight suggested that non-dom rules would be scrapped by Labour altogether . But today it emerged Labour would allow ` real temporary residents ' to take advantage of the rules - with the time limit to be consulted on should they take power in the General Election on May 7 . Mr Miliband said on Twitter that ` we should all pay taxes by the same rules ' ahead of his speech in Coventry . Ex-Dragons ' Den star Duncan Bannatyne backed the Labour tax crackdown . Entrepreneur and ex-Dragons ' Den star Duncan Bannatyne has backed Ed Miliband over the Labour leader 's plan to scrap non-dom tax status . It comes after the hotelier signed a letter sent to the Daily Telegraph from more than 100 business leaders stating the ` Conservative-led Government has been good for business ' and backing the cut in corporation tax to 20 % . He tweeted : ` Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK . This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this . ' Mr Balls said it should be around two or three years - not the five suggested in some reports . But it emerged that when he was a Treasury minister in the last Labour government , Mr Balls insisted that ` the majority of non-domiciled individuals who had already left the UK spent no more than five years here ' . And in a January interview Mr Balls said : ` I think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country . ' Asked by BBC Radio Leeds at the time if he would scrap the status , he said he was looking at tightening the system to ` make sure the non-dom rules work in a fair way ' . Chancellor George Osborne said Labour 's proposals amounted to ` tinkering around the edges ' not an outright ban . ` We have Ed Balls himself saying it would cost the country money , ' Mr Osborne said on a campaign visit to a bank in Kingston , south London . ` It is a classic example of the economic chaos and confusion you get with Ed Miliband . It 's why they have no economic credibility . ' Mr Osborne said the Government 's policy of increasing the fees charged to non-doms , which he raised as recently as December , had brought in more than £ 1 billion . The Lib Dems said the number non-dom numbers ` exploded ' under the last Labour government and more than doubled while Mr Miliband was an adviser in the Treasury . Tory Chancellor George Osborne warned the plan could cost Britain ` hundreds of millions of pounds ' and stopped short of scrapping the rules , despite Labour 's claims . Nick Clegg 's party said it would rack up existing fees for non don status as high as £ 150,000 a year . The Lib Dems were bounced into announcing their own crackdown on non doms by the Labour pledge . They would rack up existing fees for non don status as high as £ 150,000 a year . The party is also considering its own ban on non doms staying in Britain longer than a decade . But officials said they would not go ahead with this until it was clear it would raise money . And officials said there were ` dangers ' that talent could leave the UK if non dom rules were seen to be ` unfair ' . Officials said the plans were in the manifesto but brought forward after Ed Miliband 's announcement . The Lib Dems would also ban people from inheriting non-dom status from their parent . The party 's manifesto will commit to raising the levy on non-doms who have been in the country for more than seven of the past nine years from £ 30,000 to £ 50,000 . Non doms in the country for 12 of the past 14 years would rise from £ 60,000 to £ 100,000 and for people who have been in the country for 17 of the past 19 years from £ 90,000 to £ 150,000 . Mr Balls told BBC Radio 4 's Today that circumstances had changed and there was now a large budget deficit to cut . ` People were saying in the middle of the last decade this will lead to people leaving the country . It 's not actually turned out to be the case , ' he said . ` The abuse is bigger than we thought . These rules are ridiculous , they are unfair , they are being abused , and I think it 's time to act . ` These were introduced in the period of the Napoleonic wars to allow people who were earning money in the colonies not to pay tax in the UK . ` That 's fine , it 's a different world now , a different time , different choices . ' Admitting he was not scrapping non-dom rules completely , he said that Labour would allow ` a short period for existing non-doms to get their affairs sorted out ' . Asked about the exemptions , he said : ` What we will do in the future is if people are coming here temporarily to work or to study , then we 'll allow a short period , I think five years is probably too long . ` I 'm thinking more the length of a normal postgraduate or university degree , say two to three years . ' Mr Osborne said ` the right approach ' was to hit ` non-doms ' with higher annual charges for exploiting the system - effectively making it only worthwhile for the very wealthiest . The Liberal Democrats said they planned to take an additional £ 130 million from non-doms by reforming eligibility rules and ` significantly increasing the charges ' . Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander said : ` The key tests are what maximises revenue for the exchequer and best supports our economic recovery . ' ` Non-dom numbers exploded under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown , more than doubling when Ed Miliband was an adviser in the Treasury , ' he said . ` We came down hard on those who stayed in the UK for long periods without paying their share - increasing charges on non-doms year-on-year since 2010 . Labour used to allow non-doms to sit in the House of Lords , Lib Dems stopped that . ` In the next parliament we want to go further by radically reforming the rules and significantly increasing the charges for non-doms to secure an additional GBP130 million for the public purse . '