Despite the hype surrounding its first watch , the iPhone is still the engine behind Apple 's phenomenal success , its latest figures have revealed . The results far surpassed most analysts ' expectations for the first three months of the year , when sales traditionally fall from their holiday-season peak . Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter , accounting for more than two-thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion 's share of its $ 13.6 billion in profit - and up 40 % from a year ago . Sales of iPhones in China were also revealed to have outstripped those in the US . Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter , accounting for more than two-thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion 's share of its $ 13.6 billion in profit . $ 58 billion in revenue , $ 13.6 billion in profit . $ 200 billion in cash , up from around $ 150 billion a year ago . More than 61 million iPhones sole . iPad revenue fell 29 % to $ 5.4 billion . Revenue from Mac computers rose 2 % from a year earlier , to $ 5.6 billion . ` We are thrilled by the continued strength of iPhone , Mac and the App Store , which drove our best March quarter results ever , ' said Tim Cook , Apple 's CEO . ` We 're seeing a higher rate of people switching to iPhone than we 've experienced in previous cycles , and we 're off to an exciting start to the June quarter with the launch of Apple Watch . ' As expected , the numbers were down from the previous quarter , when holiday shoppers snapped up a record 74 million of Apple 's new iPhone 6 , 6 Plus and older models . But it was a 40 percent increase over the number of iPhones sold in the first three months of 2014 . ` We 're seeing great results all over the world , ' Apple chief financial officer Luca Maestri told The Associated Press , adding that iPhone sales grew 72 percent in China , where the company has big hopes for expansion . Other products played a much smaller role . Revenue from Mac computers rose 2 percent from a year earlier , to $ 5.6 billion , while iPad revenue fell 29 percent , to $ 5.4 billion -- continuing a steady decline in tablet sales . Apple did n't report any results for the new Apple Watch , which it began selling this month , after the quarter ended . Maestri said customer response had been ` positive . ' Analysts estimate about 2 million have sold to date , suggesting early demand is healthy but not of blockbuster proportions . Apple shares have gained more than 50 percent over the last year , making it the world 's most valuable company . ` It 's been really great to see the reaction of customers , ' said Cook . ` The response has been overwhelming . We ca n't wait to see more of the inspiring apps developers dream up . ' The iPhone is another story . Since it began offering models with bigger screens last fall , Apple has vied with South Korea 's Samsung for the No. 1 position in the global smartphone market . By some estimates , Apple outsold Samsung in the quarter that ended in December , and analysts will be watching closely when Samsung reports its latest results this week . Apple also announced an expansion of its effort to return more of its sizable cash war chest to investors . The company said it will raise its quarterly dividend by 11 percent , to 52 cents a share , and has increased a $ 90 billion stock buyback program to $ 140 billion . Apple did n't report any results for the new Apple Watch , which it began selling this month , after the quarter ended . In total , the company said the program will return $ 200 billion to investors by the end of March 2017 . As iPhone sales have surged , so has Apple 's stock . Apple shares have gained more than 50 percent over the last year , making it the world 's most valuable company . The stock closed Monday at $ 132.65 , up 1.8 percent for the day , and was rising in late trading . The iPhone is n't just Apple 's ` dominant product , ' said Frank Gillett , a tech industry analyst at Forrester Research . ` It 's more than anything else what 's driving the success of their company . ' Market researchers , however , expect growth in the world smartphone market will slow this year , particularly at the higher price range where Apple competes , as most consumers in developed countries have already bought one . That could make it difficult for Apple to maintain its recent pace . ` They 're extremely dependent on the iPhone , ' said investment Colin Gillis at BGC Partners . ` At some point , the market dynamics change , ' he said , adding that ` the question is what could replace the iPhone ' if sales begin to slow . Customers looking at Apple iPhones in an Apple store in Shanghai , China , on January 14 , 2014 . Apple CEO Tim Cook has said he 's optimistic about new markets such as China , where Apple has made a strong showing against Samsung and China 's Xiaomi . And even if Apple is increasingly selling new iPhones to people who are simply upgrading older models , ` that 's still a pretty healthy market , ' said Gartner analyst Van Baker , noting that more than 700 million iPhones have been sold since the first model was introduced in 2007 . Maestri also stressed the potential for new products like Apple Watch and Apple Pay , the company 's mobile payment service . While these currently provide minimal revenue , analysts say they have big potential . And they are designed to work closely with the iPhone , which means each may bolster the other 's popularity in the future , Gillett said .