Cancer survivor Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle should he start the remaining seven matches of the campaign . The 31-year-old was the only United player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend 's 1-0 defeat at Sunderland . It was Gutierrez 's first start for the Magpies in 20 months having twice beaten testicular cancer . The Argentine has said he will never forgive Newcastle for their handling of his illness after he was told to find a new club when he first returned from treatment in December , 2013 . Jonas Gutierrez -LRB- left -RRB- will trigger contract extension should he start the remaining seven matches . Gutierrez and Sebastian Larsson compete for the ball during the Wear-Tyne derby . But the midfielder is one of the very few players currently respected by a disgruntled fanbase who are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs . Before then Gutierrez is in line to start at Liverpool on Monday night , meaning he will be one game closer to winning a new contract at St James ' Park . The club 's hierarchy are unlikely to want to keep Gutierrez on their books next season , although head coach John Carver insists he will not be swayed by contract clauses when it comes to picking his strongest team . Adam Johnson shakes hands with Gutierrez after the match between Sunderland and Newcastle . ` I 'm unaware of it -LRB- the clause -RRB- , ' he said . ` I like it that way as I make my judgement during the week on the training ground . ` I pick a team on what I think will be the best team on the pitch . Sometimes you can get distracted . That -LRB- the clause -RRB- will not be in my mind . ' Gutierrez was the only Newcastle player to win applause from the club 's fans following the fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby defeat . Carver made a point of praising him afterwards and admits his recovery and return to top-flight action has come as a welcome surprise . Gutierrez shakes hands with current Newcastle United boss John Carver ahead of the Manchester United tie . ` Everybody is delighted with how he has come back in and how he has progressed , ' said Carver . ` He 's fought and worked hard and done all the right things . ` I do n't think he ever thought he 'd be playing as soon as he has done . I do n't even think he thought he 'd play again when you have an illness like Jonas had . ` It must have been a proud moment for him , and for us as well , it was great to see him back out there . ' Ryan Giggs competes with Gutierrez during the match between Manchester United and Newcastle in 2011 . Manchester City player Carlos Tevez attempts an overhead kick against Gutierrez in 2012 .