Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting Northampton to an open training session after the English champions were thrashed 37-5 in the Champions Cup . The Saints , who sit 10 points clear at the summit of the Aviva Premiership , exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the Stade Marcel-Michelin . The result had been decided by half-time as Clermont , employing a mixture of forward supremacy and three-quarter devilry , amassed an unassailable 27-0 lead . Calum Clark and Tom Wood walk off the pitch after their 37-5 defeat against Clermont . Northampton captain Dylan Hartley leads his team off the pitch after crushing defeat . Clermont winger Napolioni Nalaga runs with the ball during the match against Northampton . And Wood tweeted : ` Thanks to Clermont for inviting us to their open training session today . We 've left our non-contact bibs in the changing rooms #humbled . ' Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder , meanwhile , admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career . ` It 's one of the worst defeats I 've experienced . We 've had a few shockers and that 's definitely one of them , ' he said . Nick Abendanon of Clermont dives over to score a try at the Stade Marcel-Michelin . Abendanon cast his magic over the saints defence to inspire comprehensive victory . Clermont 's Wesley Fofana runs with the ball during the European Rugby Champions Cup match . ` We 're disappointed because clearly we wanted to progress and have the chance of a home semi-final . We have to take this on the chin . ` We were well beaten . We came up against a very , very good side . Clermont played very well and we did n't . When you 're losing 27-0 at half-time , that 's basically game over . ` You come into these games knowing you have a chance , but that you 'll have to play to your very best . Clermont winger Noa Nakaitaci -LRB- right -RRB- scores his second try against Northampton . Fofana is tackled during the European Rugby Champions Cup match between Clermont and Northampton . Lee Dickson kicks the ball out of a scrum during the match between Clermont and Northampton . ` We did n't do that and so were well beaten . Now our focus has to be on retaining the Premiership , it 's as simple as that . ' Wing Noa Nakaitaci claimed two tries and his France team-mate Wesley Fofana and former Bath full-back Nick Abendanon also crossed as England 's strongest club was put to the sword . It took until the 68th minute for Northampton to register their first and only points through a try by Alex Waller . Nalaga runs with the ball during the European Rugby Champions Cup match at the Michelin stadium . ` We talked about needing to make a good start and shutting the crowd up , but completely the opposite happened , ' Mallinder said . ` Clermont made a cracking start , put us under pressure and we clearly did n't compete in the first half in any of the areas . ` The set piece did n't function . The physicality was n't there . We could n't keep hold of the ball , spilling it too often . Our kicking and kick chase were also poor . ' Clermont and Northampton players vie in a scrum during the match at the Michelin stadium . Northampton 's Ken Pisi is tackled by Clermont 's French centre Wesley Fofana . Northampton 's status as Premiership champions points to a gulf in class between the English and French leagues that Mallinder was in no hurry to deny . ` The top French teams are very , very good . And at times we are very good , but not in this match , ' Mallinder said . ` On this performance it would be hard to argue against it -LRB- there being a gulf in class -RRB- , but we have competed against their top sides in the past . ' Lock Courtney Lawes and prop Alex Corbisiero suffered respective shoulder and leg injuries , but Mallinder was unable to elaborate on the severity of their injuries .