Fashion Targets Breast Cancer , the charity founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994 , has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever . Starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from high street giants including Marks & Spencer 's , Debenhams and Laura Ashley , this year 's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause . This follows the first leg of the campaign , which launched earlier this month and starred models Abbey Clancy , 29 , and Alice Dellal , 27 , singer Foxes , 25 , and Victoria 's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson , 28 . Scroll down for video . Fashion Targets Breast Cancer , the charity founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994 , has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever -LRB- pictured -RRB- . With a particular focus on challenging negative body image , Fashion Targets Breast Cancer teamed up with Bridge Models , an agency which specialises in recruiting women of all shapes and sizes . Models including Amy Sellu , Kate Hislop , Chloe Lewin , Mollie Campsie and Rachael Williams all stand behind the agency 's ethos , which is to ` bridge the gap ' between standard size and plus-size in the fashion industry . ` We 're honoured to have Bridge Models on board with our campaign , ' says Natalie Legg-Stoddart , Fashion Targets Breast Cancer campaign manager at Breakthrough Breast Cancer . ` It 's so important for -LSB- the campaign -RSB- to be part of the lives of every single woman in the UK . ` Our campaign represents sisterhood , it 's all about bringing the nation 's women together to join in the fight against breast cancer , so teaming up with Bridge Models -- who celebrate each and every woman -- made perfect sense . Starring models from sizes 10 to 20 , this year 's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes . The campaign showcases clothes from high street giants including Marks & Spencer 's and Debenhams . With a particular focus on challenging negative body image , Fashion Targets Breast Cancer teamed up with Bridge Models , an agency which specialises in recruiting women of all shapes and sizes . Charlotte Griffiths and Beth Willis , directors of Bridge Models , said : ` We could n't be more thrilled to be working with Fashion Targets Breast Cancer for this year 's launch . ` It 's a great opportunity to raise awareness for the charity , by advertising these designs on women of all different shapes and sizes , promoting a diverse and body positive campaign for a great cause . ' Ralph Lauren launched the initiative in 1994 after losing a close friend to breast cancer . With it , he sought to galvanise the world of fashion as a force to fight the disease . Every year , fashion brands unite to release special clothing and accessory collections , the proceeds from which go towards helping breast cancer charities . Bridge Models ' ethos is to ` bridge the gap ' between standard size and plus-size in the fashion industry . Fashion Targets Breast Cancer manager Natalie Legg-Stoddart , says , ` It 's so important for -LSB- the campaign -RSB- to be part of the lives of every single woman in the UK ' She added , ` Our campaign represents sisterhood , it 's all about bringing the nation 's women together to join in the fight against breast cancer ' Since launching in the UK in 1996 , Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has raised over £ 13.5 million to support ground breaking breast cancer research . Kate Moss , Naomi Campbell , Kylie Minogue , Elle Macpherson and Georgia May Jagger are just some of the biggest names to get behind the fundraiser in previous years . The aim of campaign is to get women to ` wear their support ' by shopping the charity collections . Ralph Lauren launched the initiative in 1994 after loosing a close friend to breast cancer . With it , he sought to galvanise the world of fashion as a force to fight the disease . Every year , fashion brands unite to release special clothing and accessory collections , the proceeds from which go towards helping breast cancer charities . Kate Moss , Naomi Campbell , Kylie Minogue , Elle Macpherson and Georgia May Jagger are just some of the biggest names to get behind the fundraiser in previous years . Speaking about her appearance in this year 's campaign : Abbey , who is mother to four-year-old daughter Sophia with footballer husband Peter Crouch , said : . ` As a mum , it makes me proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer . ` I 'm wearing my support , and I want everyone across the UK to do the same and get behind this campaign . ' Abbey Clancy leads the glamour as she joins forces with her famous friends to target breast cancer , by striking a sultry pose in the first leg of the campaign . Holding Onto Heaven singer Foxes dons a stripy top and jeans and she says she 's ` honoured ' to be a part of the initiative . Victoria 's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson , who has been in the industry for years , throws some model shapes . The campaign , which also stars Alice Dellal , has so far raised £ 13.5 m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer 's research funding .