Hundreds of seals are being killed in British waters in order to protect stocks of salmon and other fish which are destined for supermarket shelves . The seal cull even takes place during the animals ' breeding season - meaning that some cubs are being left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead . Farmers say the seal killings are essential to stop the animals from destroying fish stocks off the coast of Scotland and northern England , but campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish . Warning : graphic images . Killed : This picture shows two seals shot in Crovie , north-east Scotland in an attempt to protect fish stocks . Shot : A seal killed near Blackpool ; it is legal to cull seals without a licence in England . The practice of seal clubbing in Canada has long been regarded with revulsion around the world - but many Britons may be unaware that the animals are also being killed in the UK . Supporters of the practice claim that seals threaten farmed salmon , wild fish around the coasts and fish which are kept for sporting purposes . Figures from the Scottish government show that 205 seals were legally killed in Scottish waters last year by farmers , fishermen and angling firms . Some campaigners suggest that the real number of dead seals is much higher , as the official figure only includes those which were recorded to the authorities by people who had previously obtained licences . Fishermen have been given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year , although typically marksmen kill only around a quarter of the seals which can legally be culled . Trussed up : Two dead seals which have been thrown in the back of a van after being culled . Disposal : A van winches away the body of a seal after it was shot dead in Crovie to protect fish . Marksman : A gunman waits for the appearance of seals which could threaten stocks of salmon . Activists have called on consumers to more careful about buying Scottish salmon in supermarkets and fishmongers , encouraging them to investigate the origins of their fish . ` People who are horrified by what 's happening in places like Norway and Scotland do n't realise this is happening on their own doorstep , ' said Andy Ottaway of the Seal Protection Action Group . ` The shooting tends to go on in remote locations , so it 's not something most people tend to come across . Unlike in some countries , seals are not hunted in the UK for their skin , fur or meat . However , fishermen and farmer are allowed to kill seals which they believe are threatening fish stocks . In Scotland , they must get a licence which restricts the number of animals they can legally kill . But in the rest of Britain , there are no legal restrictions on culling seals , meaning people are free to do as they please . ` It 's very simple - ask your retailer before you buy Scottish salmon whether seals were shot in the production of that salmon . ` Not every fish farmer is shooting seals , it 's perfectly possible to protect fish without shooting seals . ' He insisted that there is no need to cull seals in order to keep them away from fish stocks , saying that acoustic deterrents and strong nets can protect salmon just as well . Around three quarters of farms where seals are killed are certified by the RSPCA as ` Freedom Food ' farms , Mr Ottaway added , saying that the animal protection charity should do more to crack down on the practice . He also called on the Scottish government to toughen up its licensing regime , which states that seals should only be killed as a ` last resort ' . Mr Ottaway said : ` It 's not the last resort if they 're not using the best possible deterrents and the best possible nets . ` They recognise the value of seals as a tourist attraction , but have no problem with shooting them . ' Threatened : British seal pups could starve if their mothers are shot dead -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Protection : You need a licence to kill seals in Scotland but not in other parts of the UK -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Because there are no restrictions on when farmers can kill seals if they have a licence , breeding mothers are likely to die , leaving their cubs unable to fend for themselves . Outside Scotland , it is legal to kill seals without any need for a licence - meaning that there is no way of measuring exactly how many die every year . The Scottish salmon industry , which produces annual export of £ 285million , insists that it is necessary to kill seals in order to protect farms . Scott Landsburgh of the Scottish Salmon Producers ' Organisation told the Daily Mirror : ` We have championed deterrence techniques that are designed to keep seals away from our fish , and shooting is always last resort . ` When a determined seal attacks fish in our pens it can kill and damage large numbers and it is important that we do whatever we can to reduce the chances of this happening . ' A spokesman for the Scottish government said : ` Scottish seals are now better protected than ever before . Since 2011 it has been illegal in Scotland to shoot a seal except as a last resort under strict licensing conditions , and the number of seals shot under licence has more than halved since then . '