Isabelle Obert , a nutrition consultant , believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet . One in seven couples have trouble conceiving - and it 's often not clear why . But one nutritionist argues that a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet . Isabelle Obert , who runs Nurture Me Fertility , believes a diet rich in minerals , vitamins , essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman 's body for conception . Writing for Healthista.com , Ms Obert said : ` I believe passionately that good nutrition is important for ` good ' fertility . ` Many of us are leaving it until much later to start trying for a family , by which time our fertility may not be what it was . ` We will have been exposed to more hormone disrupting chemicals , more free radicals to damage egg and sperm quality and of course much more stress - which can have wide-ranging negative effects on our bodies . ' She goes on to explain how the health of both the sperm and the egg - even before they meet - can affect the outcome of the pregnancy and the health of the baby , child and even through to adulthood . Ms Obert adds : ` I also think food should be fun , delicious , moreish , colourful , fantastic . We should live to eat , not eat to live . ' Here , she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility , plus some tips on how to prepare them ... AVOCADOS . Avocados are nutritional powerhouses packed with minerals , vitamins , essential fats , protein , carbohydrate and fibre . They are a fantastic source of vitamin E , which studies have shown can be beneficial in improving endometrial lining -LRB- the lining of the uterus -RRB- . They can also help with embryo implantation , which is how a fertilised egg becomes a pregnancy . Avocados are also an excellent source of folate . It is known that consuming foods high in folate - as well as taking a folic acid supplement - can help prevent spina bifida . ` Avocados are nutritional powerhouses packed with minerals , vitamins , essential fats , protein , carbohydrate and fibre , ' Ms Obert said . Top Tip : Choose carefully as a ripe avocado is nectar -- sliced onto wholemeal or rye toast , topped with cherry tomatoes , basil and a drizzle of peppery extra virgin olive oil makes a nutritious and delicious breakfast . BUTTERNUT SQUASH . This is one of the most nutritious and healthy vegetables you can eat , with a rich array of vitamins , minerals and antioxidants - as well as significant amounts of digestible fibre . It 's rich in beta-carotene , which is known to help boost production of the hormone progesterone . It can also help increase both sperm quality and count , the latter according to a study published in the medical journal Fertility and Sterility . Ms Obert recommends beetroot juice for women undergoing IVF treatment as a way to improve blood flow to the uterus to help with embryo implantation . Top Tip : Butternut squash is hugely versatile - it 's delicious roasted with garlic , thyme and black pepper , or spice it up in a warming curry or soup . BEETROOT . A fantastic source of the antioxidant resveratrol , which is thought to help combat against age - related infertility , beetroots are also rich in nitrates . These are well known to improve blood flow and are often used by athletes for this purpose . I particularly recommend beetroot juice for women undergoing IVF treatment as a way to improve blood flow to the uterus to help with embryo implantation . Top Tip : Forget pickled beetroots from school lunch days -- try quartering small fresh beetroot , tossing with olive oil , balsamic vinegar and whole garlic cloves . Add some fresh oregano , thyme or marjoram , place in a tinfoil pouch to avoid burning and roast in a hot oven . SALMON . Salmon is a great protein source , rich in many nutrients but particularly anti-inflammatory omega 3 . Research has shown that optimal levels of omega 3 are important in the management of female infertility . For general health , salmon is excellent for the cardiovascular system , boosting brain function and eye health . Ideally it should be wild or organic in order to avoid unnecessary pesticides , fungicides and excessive omega 6 consumption found in conventionally farmed fish . Top Tip : Salmon works beautifully with oriental flavours - try it grilled with a teriyaki glaze and a crunchy vegetable stir-fry . Butternut squash is rich in beta-carotene , which is known to help boost production of the hormone progesterone and increase sperm quality and count . POMEGRANATES . In ancient Persia , pomegranates were seen as a symbol of fertility and this still exists today in some countries . In fact , research shows that drinking pomegranate juice during pregnancy may prevent brain damage in babies . Pomegranates are also rich in many nutrients , including vitamin C , vitamin K , folic acid and several other vitamins and minerals . And they are known to have anti-ageing properties , anti-cancer properties , can be helpful for cardiovascular health and bone health and have anti-inflammatory properties as well as helping boost blood flow . Top Tip : Incorporate pomegranate seeds with quinoa , walnuts and fresh mint for a Middle Eastern experience . Pomegranats are rich in vitamin C , vitamin K and folic acid . They also boost blood flow , which is important for people trying to conceive . EGGS . Eggs are among the most nutritious foods you can eat -- after all , they contain the nutrients to turn a single cell into a baby chicken . They are rich in choline , which studies have shown can have significant positive effects on foetal development that may have a lasting influence into adult life , according to a study at Cornell University . Eggs are also rich in many different vitamins and minerals , as well as essential fats , and of course are an excellent source of protein . Not only this , they are good value and have a multitude of uses . Walnuts are beneficial for sperm quality as they are good sources of omega 3 and vitamin E . Top Tip : When time and inclination are in short supply , why not top a wholemeal English muffin with wilted spinach , a poached egg and some black pepper for highly nutritious simple supper . WALNUTS . Walnuts are packed with health-giving nutrients which include cancer fighting properties -LRB- they 're known to reduce prostate and breast cancer risk -RRB- . They can be beneficial for sperm quality , are excellent sources of omega 3 fats and vitamin E , which is great for endometrial health , as well as B vitamins and protein . In fact , walnuts could be called ` king ' among nuts and , according to a study by the Society for the Study of Reproduction at UCLA , a handful of walnuts daily was linked with increased sperm vitality , motility and morphology . This means how healthy and fast sperm are , and whether they are normal-shaped . Top Tip : Eat raw as a simple snack or add flavour and crunch to boost a superfood salad . QUINOA . This little seed is highly nutritious , a complete protein . It 's gluten-free and rich in many minerals and vitamins as well fatty acids and fibre -- a great alternative to starchy grains such as couscous and bulgar wheat . A real superfood . The Mediterranean diet is widely recommended for optimal fertility , as it is rich in vegetable proteins , and quinoa makes the perfect addition as it goes without saying protein requirements are raised when trying to conceive and during pregnancy . Top Tip : Quinoa cooks like rice , top with vegetables roasted with plenty of garlic and herbs , drizzle with fruity olive oil and sprinkle with toasted pine nuts for a Mediterranean treat . Protein requirements are raised during pregnancy , and quinoa is a great source of protein , Ms Obert said . WATERCRESS . Watercress is a member of the cruciferous vegetable family and rich in many nutrients including vitamin C , vitamin K , calcium , beta-carotene , iron and iodine -- which is often lacking in the Western diets of today . Asparagus is high in folic acid , which is well-known to be important for male and female fertility . Watercress is well known to be a superfood , rich in age-defying antioxidants that may help to prevent or slow the oxidative stress induced by free radical damage . Several studies have found watercress has significant anti-cancer properties and can help repair DNA damage . Top Tip : What a crime to use just as a garnish -- make it the main attraction in soups and salads . ASPARAGUS . Asparagus is high in the potent antioxidant vitamin C and folate -LRB- folic acid -RRB- amongst other health giving nutrients and a valuable addition to your diet . The importance of folate is well documented in research for both male and female fertility . Top Tip : Lightly steam asparagus and dip into boiled eggs , or grill and sprinkle with balsamic vinegar and shavings of parmesan .