A couple bought a Beanie Baby for £ 10 at a car boot sale - and later realised it was worth £ 62,500 . Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at the boot sale in Bude , Cornwall , when they spotted the purple teddy at another seller 's stall . As a former collector , Mr Flanaghan , 22 , recognised the bear as a limited edition Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby - one of the most sought after in the collection which can be worth thousands of pounds . Scroll down for video . Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan -LRB- pictured together left -RRB- picked up a rare purple Beanie Baby for £ 10 at a car boot sale in Bude , Cornwall - and later found out it was worth £ 62,500 . The bear turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world , made in December 1997 for the Princess of Wales Memorial Trust . They are now selling it on eBay , with a starting bid of £ 20,000 . But the builder was stunned to find out that the bear was one of just 100 made around the world - and that another version is currently listed on eBay for £ 62,500 . The pair are now hoping to sell the bear on the auction site and put the money towards a deposit for a house . Miss Rogers , 20 , a beauty therapist who lives in Launceston , Cornwall , said : ` We could n't believe it . We picked it up for £ 10 and it could be worth tens of thousands . ` It 's so hard for young people to get on the property ladder so we think this could really be a blessing . ' The pair had gone along to the car boot sale on Bank Holiday Monday with Mr Flanaghan 's parents where they sold some of his old toys , including Beanie Babies . Before putting the teddies in the pile , the couple looked online to check that none of the bears would count as collectors ' items . The pair , from Launceston , Cornwall , are now hoping the sale of the bear will give them a deposit for a house . While online , they read up about a Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby , which can sell for huge amounts . The range was created in December 1997 - the year the princess died - to raise money for the Princess of Wales Memorial Trust . It includes a poem on the tag which refers to Diana as an ` angel ' . But even when he spotted the bear at another seller 's stall , Mr Flanaghan had no idea whether it was a ` first edition ' bear - which are incredibly rare - or a second edition , which sells for just £ 20 . They later discovered the bear was handmade in Indonesia in December 2007 with special PE pellets and wording on the tag , which refers to the Princess Of Wales Memorial Fund - all of which make it a first edition bear . There is also a poem which reads : ` Like an angel she came from heaven above ; she shared her compassion , her pain , her love ; she only stayed with us long enough to teach the world to share , to give , to reach . ' Another first edition Diana bear , the same as the one belonging to Miss Rogers and Mr Flanaghan , is currently being listed on eBay for £ 62,500 . Miss Rogers said : ` Ryan and his sister used to collect Beanie Babies so before we sold a load we just wanted check that they were n't worth anything . ` As we were looking , we saw that this purple bear was the rarest bear and it was going for around £ 20,000 . We did n't think anything of it . ` But when we went to the car boot sale the next day , Ryan went off for a walk and came back clutching this bag . He said : `` It 's that bear that we saw on the internet last night '' . ' The couple put it up for auction last night , with a starting bid of £ 20,000 . A spokesman for Beanie fan club Ty Collector said only a handful of people know how many Process Bears were produced . The Beanie Babies were first introduced to the public in 1993 , when creators Ty Warner Inc , which later became Ty Inc , launched its original line consisting of just nine characters . Over the next few years however hundreds of different types of Beanie Baby were produced as they gained in popularity . The company made an empire worth more than $ 6billion from the toys , boosted by the increase in people buying them as popular collectibles in 1995 . At the peak of the collecting craze , many believed the designs which had been ` retired ' would rise in value . The craze however failed to last much longer than 1999 . Nowadays hundreds of the cuddly toys are sold on sites such as eBay - but they are not always worth as much money as collectors would originally have hoped . However , there are some which have certainly increased in price , including the ` ultra rare ' Ty Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby , first edition , which can be sold for tens of thousands of pounds .