The girlfriend of a British man who bled to death in Thailand after injuring himself kicking a mirror in the bar where she works has denied having anything to do with the incident . Iain Mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with Nilobon Patty in a separate venue in Hua Hin , a resort some 125miles southwest of Bangkok , shortly before his death . Ms Patty , 35 , also known as Patty Patrick , has been accused of ` indirectly causing his death ' as seeing her with another man had angered Mr Mackay , but claims she has done nothing wrong . Tragic : Iain Mackay 's Thai girlfriend Nilobon Patty , known as Patty Patrick , has denied any involvement in the death of the 40-year-old Scot . According to Ms Patty , the couple had been seeing each other for three years , but that Mr Mackay ended their relationship last month as his work overseas prevented him from settling down with her . She claims she was not with another man , but out with friends , when an ` obviously drunk ' Mr Mackay appeared in the bar around 1 am . Tragic : Mr Mackay , 40 , allegedly got into a fight after discovering Ms Patty talking to another man . Ms Patty claims Mr Mackay , from Stornoway , Scotland , shouted at her , accused her of laughing at him , after which she decided to go home . Police informed her of Mr Mackay 's incident in her place of work the next day , she told The Daily Record . ` I was told that Iain had gone there at 3 am looking for me and I was n't there , ' she told the paper . ` People have been phoning me and making threats and saying I should leave Hua Hin . But I have done nothing wrong , ' ` I do n't know why anyone would say that I had anything to do with Iain 's death . That is not true . It was just a terrible accident . ' Thai police said Mr Mackay was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a pool bar near to the venue where he had spotted Ms Patty and the mystery man . Friends of Mr Mackay say that had posted links to his Ms Patty 's Facebook page on the evening of his incident which showed her pictured with another man . Onlookers called paramedics after he was found bleeding profusely at the pool shop but they were unable to save him . He later died in hospital . Officials said that no crime had been committed . Location : The resort where Mr Mackay died is in Hua Hin - a coastal city 125 miles south of Bangkok . Arguement : Mr Mackay bled to death after getting into a furious row at a bar in Hua Hin city . One friend said : ` Iain was obviously upset and referred to the woman who seemed to be his own girlfriend and a mystery man as lovers . ' Mr Mackay , an underwater research specialist , is believed to have been employed by seismic research company Polarcus , which is based in Dubai . Sources at the company confirmed that Mr Mackay was on leave from his vessel and had told colleagues that he planned to spend his time off in Thailand . Thai officials said that Mr Mackay had died at 3 pm on Saturday but relatives claim that they were told of his death on Friday . The Foreign Office also confirmed that Mr Mackay had died on Friday . A spokesman said : ` We can confirm the death of a British national in Hua Hin , Thailand , on April 3 . We are providing consular assistance to the family at this sad time . '