Just a quarter of voters think David Cameron is hungriest to win the election , a poll reveals today as the Prime Minister tries to step up his campaign passion . After criticism of a dull campaign from the chillaxing PM , Mr Cameron used an interview to insist he was working ` bloody hard ' to secure a majority . But only 25 per cent of people think he wants to win most , compared to 43 per cent who believe Ed Miliband is most up for the fight . Scroll down for video . Some 43 per cent of voters think Ed Miliband ` comes across as wanting to win the most ' when compared to David Cameron . Opinion polls continue to suggest the result is too close to call , although two surveys yesterday put the Tories ahead , including one which gave them a six-point lead . But while Mr Cameron is frequently seen as the strongest leader when compared to Mr Miliband , voters appear to think he wants to win less . In a YouGov survey for The Times , 43 per cent of voters think Mr Miliband ` comes across as wanting to win the most ' when compared to Mr Cameron . Only 25 per cent thought Mr Cameron was hungriest for the job , and 13 per cent said neither of them . Mr Cameron appeared without a tie or jacket again today at Kelvin Hughes in north London as part of a ` sleeves rolled up ' strategy designed to show he is fighting hard for a Tory victory . Meanwhile , Mr Miliband is giving a speech on how a Labour government would tackle immigration . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon , riding high after strong TV debate performances and a surge in the polls , was judged to be enjoying the fight more than anyone by 34 per cent of voters . Just 7 per cent also thought Mr Cameron was enjoying the campaign the most out of all the main party leaders . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon , riding high after strong TV debate performances and a surge in the polls , was judged to be enjoying the fight more than anyone by 34 per cent of voters . Ukip 's Nigel Farage was the second happiest leader on 16 per cent , followed by Mr Miliband on 13 per cent . In recent days senior Tories and business backers had begun to criticise the campaign , warning it was dull and suffering from a ` curious lack of energy and belief ' . Former Prime Minister Sir John Major warned against relying on dry economic data , when people want to know how their lives will be better . David Cameron appeared without a tie or jacket again today at Kelvin Hughes in north London as part of a ` sleeves rolled up ' strategy designed to show he is fighting hard for a Tory victory . More people think Ed Miliband is hungriest for a win and appears to be enjoying the campaign more than his Tory rival . Mr Cameron appears to have taken the criticism to heart , making a series of passionate stump speeches in the last 72 hours . After weeks of criticism that the Conservatives were running a boring campaign , the Prime Minister found the fire in his belly as he declared in London yesterday : ` If I 'm getting lively about it it 's because I feel bloody lively about it . ' In an interview with The Times today he adds : ` The real David Cameron has been standing up and working bloody hard for the last five years . ` I 'm feeling pumped up . There 's ten days to go , it 's a bloody important election and I 'm determined to get across the line . The line is victory -- and victory is a Conservative majority . I know the polls are tight but victory is doable . '