Former Saturday Night Live cast member Gary Kroeger announced Tuesday that he is running for Congress in Iowa . A former Saturday Night Live cast member is running for Congress in Iowa , and he says it is n't a laughing matter . Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa 's 1st District . The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as investing in education and protecting the environment . ` I 'm a lion of liberalism . I truly embrace these policies of civil rights , economic equity , economic prosperity and upward mobility , ' Kroeger said Tuesday . Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985 , and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus . After a long entertainment career , he moved back to Iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons . He now works for an advertising agency and lives in Waterloo . Freshman Republican Rep. Rod Blum currently represents the district , which covers the northeastern part of the state . Two other Democrats are already in the primary race : Cedar Rapids Councilwoman Monica Vernon and Cedar Rapids businessman Ravi Patel . Kroeger said he has n't spoken about running for Congress with a fellow SNL alumnus , Minnesota Sen. Al Franken . Kroeger was a cast member on SNL from 1982 to 1985 . Pictured on the left in a Christmas sketch with Julia Louis - Dreyfus -LRB- center -RRB- and Eddie Murphy as Gumby . Kroeger attended the the 40th anniversary of SNL in February , bringing his son Chris along for the celebrity-filled event . Kroeger said his run for office is no joke , but he hopes to enjoy the process . ` Nothing is funny about it , per se . It 's very difficult , ' Kroeger said . He later added : ` I am a person who is nearly 58 years old who has spent his life having a good time . Everything has to have an element of fun . There has to be a sense of joy . ' He recently attended the 40th anniversary celebration of the sketch-comedy show , with son Chris as his guest . In photos posted to his personal Facebook , Kroeger is seen rubbing elbows with Paul Rudd while sneaking in a selfie with Paul McCartney and Dana Carvey in the background . Kroeger posted pictures of the event to Facebook , in which he and his son mingled with stars like Paul Rudd -LRB- right -RRB- . Kroeger swiped out his camera in time to take a selfie with Paul McCartney and Dana Carvey in the background .