Islamic State militants infiltrated a Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus today , marking the terrorist group 's deepest foray the Syrian capital and seat of President Bashar Assad 's power . ISIS entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the Syrian side between rebels and government forces . The militants , who already control large swaths of territory in northern Syria , reportedly entered the camp from the nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front . According to the the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , ISIS managed to take control of large parts of the Yarmouk camp following clashes with a Palestinian group . Jihadis : ISIS militants -LRB- pictured -RRB- entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the Syrian side between rebels and government forces . If ISIS manage to gain full control of Yarmouk , the jihadis can potentially use the camp as a base from which to threaten the heart of the capital as possibly challenge Assad himself . The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years . U.N. aid workers have been sending food parcels into the camp , where thousands of civilians remain trapped and in desperate need of food and medicine . The camp had witnessed fighting in the past between government forces and militants who control much of the camp . The Observatory reported heavy clashes in the camp between IS fighters and members of the Palestinian faction called Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis . Residents of the Palestinian-run Yarmouk camp are seen queuing to receive food supplies last year . Anwar Raja , the spokesman for the pro-Assad Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine said ISIS fighters entered the camp from nearby Hajar Aswad where they have been based for months . He added that today 's push came was coordinated between ISIS and their rivals in the Nusra Front , Al Qaeda 's branch in Syria . ` The Nusra Front opened the road for them in order to infiltrate the camp and several hours ago they entered Yarmouk , ' Raja said by telephone . It was not immediately clear why Nusra - who have repeatedly fought against ISIS over the past year - would facilitate the entry of the group into the camp . A Syrian foreign ministry statement today said it holds Jordan responsible for ` obstructing the movement of trucks and passengers and any ensuing economic or social repercussions . ' U.N relief workers with blue helmets and vests stand next of residents of the Yarmouk camp one year ago . Jordanian government spokesman Mohammed al-Momani said that the Nasib crossing was temporarily closed late last night because of clashes nearby . ` It is important for us to keep the safety for the passengers and those who are trying to cross between the two countries , ' he said . ` So we decided to close the border temporarily , until things calm down . Then we will open it again . ' A spokesman for rebels in southern Syria , Issam al-Rayess , confirmed that rebel fighters were trying to take control of the border crossing from Syrian authorities . The Nasib crossing is the only functioning crossing between Jordan and Syria and is considered a crucial gateway for Syria 's government and for Syrian , Lebanese and Jordanian traders and merchants . Gruesome new images have emerged showing Islamic State militants stoning a blindfolded and bound man and woman to death in Iraq after they were accused of having sex before marriage . Taken in the ISIS-stronghold of Mosul in Nineveh province , the shocking images show a large crowd gathered to watch the jihadis murder the defenceless couple . Young boys clamber onto their fathers ' shoulders to get a better view of the man and woman being charged with ` fornication ' , before the familiar white-bearded face of ISIS 's elderly Mosul-based executioner-in-chief Abu Ansar al-Ansari orders their stoning to death . The sickening images begin by showing a large crowd gathered in a rain-drenched square in central Mosul . Stoned to death : Taken in the ISIS-stronghold of Mosul in Nineveh province , the shocking images show a large crowd gathered to watch the ISIS militants murder the defenceless couple . Bloodthirsty : With heavily armed militants taking up positions on ledges overlooking the crowd , the young men and boys jostle to ensure they get the best view of the murder . With heavily armed militants taking up positions on ledges overlooking the crowd , the young men and boys jostle to ensure they get the best view of the murder . In the background of the image , women wearing black niqabs are seen gathered together . An Islamic State militant with a yellow scarf covering his face is then seen using a microphone and PA system to read out the charge of ` fornication ' against the couple , suggesting they have been accused of having sex without being married , not of committing adultery . A large pile of stones are then seen heaped in the middle of the road , before the barbaric ISIS militants began throwing them at the defenceless and blindfolded couple , who have had their hands bound to prevent them getting away . As stones rain down on the victims ' bodies , large pools of blood appear in the road , before eventually the man and woman die of their injuries and the savagery finally comes to an end . Preparing to kill : After the charges are read out , the familiar white-bearded face of ISIS ' elderly Mosul-based executioner-in-chief Abu Ansar al-Ansari -LRB- centre -RRB- orders their stoning to death .