This bundle of joy was a special spring surprise for both his mother and the farmers who delivered the 20 lb new-born after a gruelling three-hour birth . He was so big that it took Shepherd John Hendy and a team of three helpers to help mother Jean deliver the young lamb near Melton Mowbray , Leicestershire , who they 've now named Big Ben . Suffolk black lamb Jean is seven years old and an experienced mother but Ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him , all weighing the average weight of 8-10lbs . Big Ben : the 20 lb lamb is twice the weight of the average new-born , towering over peers . Proud mum : Jean with huge son Big Ben after a three-hour labour at a Leicestershire farm . Ben is n't the biggest lamb ever born in this country but Jean Morris from the farm said Big Ben was comfortably the biggest they have ever delivered . ` I do n't think there was anything unusual about either parent and this is the first time we have bred a lamb as large as this , ' she said . ` His mother must have been relieved when it was over . ' She added that the farm hopes to keep Ben as a breeding ram in the hope he will pass his amazing features to his future flock . ` This year we had 86 ewes to lamb but no-one expected anyone like him , ' she said . ` We are thinking about keeping him as a tup - a breeding ram - to see if he passes on his weight to the lambs he sires . ' Almost as big as a person : Ben dwarfs the other 86 ewes born at the same farm this season . Ben 's arrival came just a fortnight after the largest lamb born in the UK weighed in at a massive 24 lbs in north Wales . He was named The Big One and is believed to be the heaviest lamb ever born in the wild . Last year Goliath was born at a hefty 22 lbs 5oz in Wellington in Somerset . The title for the heaviest Suffolk cross lamb was Bruno , nicknamed ` Woooly Lamboth ' , who was born in Worcestershire in 2009 at a healthy 21 lbs . Bruno was spared the chop because of his size as his owner decided to keep him as a pet because he was curious to know just how big he would get . New Zealand is the world 's biggest producer of lambs . But the largest new-born lamb ever recorded there weighed just 15.5 lbs .