She was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with Prince Harry . But now , as her acting career looks set to take off , Cressida Bonas says she is more than happy being single . ` I 'm a strong , independent woman , ' she says in a new interview to promote her role as Mulberry 's new muse . Scroll down for videos . Cressida Bonas , 26 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- says she is more than happy being single following her split from Prince Harry . Mulberry buttercup dress delphinium broderie anglaise . Shop it in blue here . Buy now . To the Golden Globes party last year , Cressida rocked this black Mulberry dress , just days after she worked the exact same pick in white at the BAFTAs . While the dresses were n't so suitable for the red-carpet dos mid-winter , we are loving them for the upcoming spring season teamed with gladiator flats or wedged sandals come night time . And it 's no wonder Cressida was wearing so much Mulberry after being named the new face of the brand . Sadly the black number is n't available to buy , but if you click right , you can bag the dress in blue or white on Mulberry 's website -LRB- if they have your size left -RRB- . If you 're out of luck and you 're more of a little black dress lady like Cressida , see our fab halterneck options below to step into spring for a snip of the price . A.B.S. by Allen Schwartz Black Cutout Halter Dress -LRB- now on sale for $ 99.99 ! -RRB- at Bluefly . Buy now . MICHAEL Michael Kors Metal Neck Halter Dress at Zappos . Buy now . Diane von Furstenberg Amelia Lace Halter Dress -LRB- now on sale for $ 199.20 ! -RRB- at Saks Fifth Avenue . Buy now . Isa Arfen Guipure Long Halter Dress at Moda Operandi . Buy now . It is thought the pressures of becoming part of the Royal Family put a strain on Miss Bonas 's relationship with Prince Harry -LRB- above -RRB- . She has long dreamed of becoming an actress and wanted to pursue her career freely . ` I think as you get older , you find out more and more about yourself and what you like and what you do n't like , ' she adds . The interview follows the release of a short film last month for the fashion house . It features Miss Bonas , 26 , dancing round an old court house and English country garden in a £ 1,800 dress . Asked if it was ` nice ' being single , she replied : ` It is actually , it is , it is ' Miss Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up , reportedly over a disagreement about the costs of attending Harry 's friend Guy Pelly 's wedding in America . Since then , Miss Bonas , a trained dancer , has been focusing on her acting and modelling career . She has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest at the London Oratory , the Catholic comprehensive which counts Nick Clegg 's son as a pupil . In an interview to promote her role as Mulberry 's new muse , trained dancer Miss Bonas - who also appeared on the front cover of Miss Vogue magazine for the April edition - said : ` I 'm a strong , independent woman ' Mulberry has released a short film featuring Miss Bonas , 26 , dancing round an old court house and English country garden in a £ 1,800 dress -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Miss Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years until last April . The three-night production was put on by Band of Others , a London-based theatre group which is raising funds for the Action on Addiction charity , of which Harry 's sister-in-law , the Duchess of Cambridge , is patron . Indeed , Prince Harry even attended the opening night of his former girlfriend 's play , and was heard laughing loudly throughout . Last month , she also appeared on the front cover of Miss Vogue magazine , and later this year will make her film debut in Harvey Weinstein 's Tulip Fever , also starring Dame Judi Dench . ` I hope the focus is becoming more about skills that I have , ' she said in the interview with the Sunday Time 's Style magazine . ` It 's really important to me not just to be known as ... ' she added , drifting off without finishing the sentence , presumably referring to being known as Prince Harry 's ex . She refused to discuss her relationship with the prince , only to comment on the media attention their romance prompted . ` All that stuff is not real , ' she says . ` It 's really important to remember that all it is is noise , noise that can be very loud at times . ' Miss Bonas is set to make her film debut in Harvey Weinstein 's Tulip Fever , also starring Dame Judi Dench . She has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest at the London Oratory , the Catholic comprehensive which counts Nick Clegg 's son as a pupil . Pictured : Miss Bonas in Mulberry 's short video . She said she survived the attention , and speculation about their impending engagement , by being a homebody . ` I 'm not really one of those people who 's always out . I like being at home . I suppose that helps . I 'll go out with my friends or if there 's something really amazing I have been invited to , but I wo n't do that all the time because that is not who I am . ' ` But if I ever feel like `` Oh , my life '' or get upset by silly things like a photographer , or if someone has written something nasty that upsets me , I just think `` worse things happen at sea '' , ' she added , quoting her mother , Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon 's , favourite saying . Lady Mary-Gaye , the daughter of the 6th Earl Howe , has been married four times and has five children . The blonde , 1960s socialite once posed for a coffee table book half naked and smothered in engine oil and even had a cocktail named after her at Claridge 's . ` I hope the focus is becoming more about the skills I have , ' said Miss Bonas , 26 , of the shift she hopes will now happen in terms of how the media and members of the public see her now that she is pursuing an acting career . Miss Bonas pictured with her former partner Prince Harry in March last year just a month before they split up . Miss Bonas is Lady Mary 's only child with from her third marriage to Jeffrey Bonas , an old Harrovian entrepreneur . Speaking about her family , Miss Bonas said she was a ` lion ' . ` It really , really annoys me when people attack my mum , because all of it 's all false . All of it , ' she said . ` With all of her children , whenever we have a problem or a drama , she 's always there , as a mother but also as a friend who gives really wise advice . ` About my family , I 'm a lion . I am not tough but I am strong . I am definitely not a wallflower . '