The Google engineer who was killed when a deadly avalanche hit Mount Everest was given heartbreaking letters from friends and loved ones before he left - and told not to read them until he reached the summit . Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday , causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp . The 33-year-old , who was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for Google Maps , was given the messages by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition . Dan Fredinburg was one of three Americans killed when the massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday , killing more than 3,700 people . He was given letters by friends and family when he reached the summit . The 33-year-old Google engineer was given the letters by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he left . It is n't known whether he got a chance to read them . His friends have since uploaded a CrowdRise page in Fredinburg 's memory , with all the funds going to relief efforts . More than $ 36,000 has been raised so far . Close friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute . ` We lost one of my dearest friends yesterday . One of the most wonderful human beings any of us would have the pleasure of knowing , ' he said . ` Dan is the most interesting , adventurous , human I 've ever known . He was a silent force for justice in the world in a way I thought only existed in fiction , someone who cared about others so much that he sometimes had trouble looking them in the eye . ` Someone who created fun and mischief out of thin air . Someone who broke up fights by walking into the middle of them and dancing with both fighters . Someone who I think about almost every day , through the lens of `` What would Dan do ? '' . ` Before his climb , Ashley asked some of his friends and family to write letters to take up to the top with him . I hope he got a chance to read this one , and if he did n't , I hope he can somehow feel it now , along with the unbelievable amount of love and stories being shared around the world in his honor . His friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute . In it he said : ` Your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better ' In a tribute on Facebook , Stossel added that Fredinburg was ` one of the most wonderful human beings any of us would have the pleasure of knowing ' Before embarking on his expedition , Fredinburg took part in a Puja ceremony in Kathmandu , to make sure ` all of his energies were aligned ' As he approached the base camp he was given a black medallion and had his face slapped by rice and flour to grant him ` the wisdom and appearance of age ' The letter read : ` Dan -LRB- dan dan dan -RRB- . ` You must be really high up for this written Echo -LRB- echo echo -RRB- . Everyone you know and love is eventually going to die -LRB- die die die -RRB- . When we do , we leave behind our stories . ` Those stories are told and passed on , impacting the lives of others until they are stories -LRB- stories stories stories -RRB- . ` Your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better . With each adventure you return with stories that most people would n't dream of experiencing themselves -LRB- selves selves selves -RRB- . ` Thank you for pushing the human race to be greater , more daring , and to truly live life rather than survive it -LRB- it it it -RRB- . ` I love you , brother . Please return safely with stories -LRB- stories stores -RRB- . ` And even if you do n't ... We 'll all be horrified , saddened , and heartbroken , that we ca n't create new stories with you but we 'll also know that you 've already lived the equivalent of at least 100 lifetimes . ` You are a f ****** champion . Safe , wonderful & breathtaking journey . ` Love , Max Stossel -LRB- ossel ossel -RRB- . ' Elia Saikaly , a documentary maker from Ottawa , Canada , was at the Everest base camp when the avalanche hit . He described the dramatic moment he began looking for survivors and realized Dan was dead . Speaking to CBC , he said : ` I saw two of them , and I went up to them and I hugged them and I asked them if they were OK and they said yes . And I turned around and I said , `` Where 's Dan ? '' And there was this silence and there was this pale look . All they said was , `` He did n't make it , '' and it was as if all time just stood still . ' ` And I was in a complete daze and I was in shock , and I just could n't believe it . They had to be kidding . He was gone , just like that . ... It 's a nightmare that you just want to wake up from . ' Fredinburg started at Google in 2007 . Beforehand he graduated from the Arkansas School of Math , Science and Art in Hot Springs in 1999 , before moving on with his career . When he started at the technology company as product manager and the head of privacy at Google X , the company 's secretive arm best known for ` moonshot ' projects such as the self-driving car . He had been working on mapping Everest since 2013 , meaning those interested in adventuring and expeditions could look up routes themselves . It is part of ` Google Adventure ' , a branch of the company that creates routes for users in extreme locations . His colleague Laurence You released a statement on Saturday saying : ` I just had the immensely sad task of sending the following to all Google employees . My thoughts are with everyone in Nepal , and with Dan 's family and friends . ` Early this morning , Nepal experienced the worst earthquake in its history , registering 7.8 on the Richter Scale . Current reports are that over 1,000 people were killed . It 's a terrible tragedy . ` Sadly , we lost one of our own in this tragedy , Dan Fredinburg , a long-time member of the Privacy organization in Mountain View , was in Nepal with three other Googlers , hiking Mount Everest . He has passed away . Fredinburg used to be in a relationship with One Tree Hill and Chicago PD actress Sophia Bush . The pair are pictured together at the Do Something Awards in 2013 . He uploaded a picture of himself relaxing in his tent on Day 16 of his trip . The Google engineer uploaded this picture while attending Burning Man in the Black Rock Desert , Nevada . ` The other three Googlers with him are safe and we are working to get them home quickly . ' Google said it has launched a ` person finder ' tool for Nepal to help people find loved ones in the aftermath of the quake and ` is working to get updated satellite imagery to aid in the recovery effort . ' Google says it is committing $ 1 million to the quake response . Fredinburg was in a relationship with One Tree Hill and Chicago PD actress until last year . She paid tribute to her ex-boyfriend when the news of his death surfaced . She wrote on Instagram : ` There are no adequate words . Today I find myself attempting to pick up the pieces of my heart that have broken into such tiny shards , I 'll likely never find them all . Today I , and so many of my loved ones , lost an incredible friend . ` Dan Fredinburg was one-of-a-kind . Fearless . Funny . A dancing robot who liked to ride dinosaurs and chase the sun and envision a better future for the world . His brain knew how to build it . His heart was constantly evolving to push himself to make it so . ` He was one of my favorite human beings on Earth . He was one of the great loves of my life . He was one of my truest friends . ` He was an incredible brother , a brilliant engineer , and a damn good man . I 'm devastated and simultaneously so deeply grateful to have known and loved him , and to have counted him as one of my tribe . I was so looking forward to our planned download of `` all the things '' when he got home . ` I am crushed that I will never hear that story . I am crushed knowing that there are over 1,000 people in Nepal suffering this exact feeling , knowing that they too will never hear another tale about an adventure lived from someone that they love . Disasters like this are often unquantifiable , the enormity is too much to understand . ` Please remember that each person who is now gone was someone 's Dan . Please remember that our time on this Earth is not guaranteed . Please tell those you love that you do . Right now . This very minute . And please send a kiss to the sky for my friend Dan . ` His energy is so big and so bright , and it 's all around us , so put some love toward him today . And then hug your loved ones again . ' New Jersey-born Dr Marisa Eve Girawong , 29 , was also killed when ice and rock crushed the 18,000-foot-altitude base camp where she worked as a medic for Madison Mountaineering . A third American , Tom Taplin , 61 , who owned TET Films & Photography , was making a documentary when the earthquake hit . Vin B Truong was confirmed as the fourth victim .