It 's described as the Google-esque HQ of Australia . With a cubby-house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk and a basketball court and pinball machine for some down time - it 's where all the creativity and innovative ideas come to light . Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys , the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room . Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice . But there 's one catch for their employees - they 're not allowed to sit at their desks when they 're having lunch as they believe the great ideas do n't always come from sitting in front of a computer . The first of its kind : A meeting room located at the top of a beanstalk in the office foyer at Moose Toys HQ . Moose Toys employees Joost Poulus -LRB- left -RRB- and Kate Zahra putting the table tennis table through its paces . General manager of products Joost Poulus , who has worked at the company for 14 years , said the vibrant and creative space brought out the best ideas from employees . ` We 're the Google of Australia and that 's how we see ourselves , ' Mr Poulus told Daily Mail Australia . ` Our passionate staff are committed to The WOW and they love not just the toys but also the environment and the people they work with - and that 's what we 're all about . ` We encourage our employees to have fun , be active and take part in vigorous debates because that 's where all the best ideas and awesome products come from . ' During lunch or breaks , staff are encouraged to use their time away from their desks to mingle with other colleagues , play table tennis stretch or shoot a few hoops outside . It 's time to get your creative thinking caps on inside the cubby house at the top of the beanstalk . Employees at Moose Toys said the company is all about putting smiles on the faces of kids across the globe . The house at the top of the beanstalk space where all the creative brainstorming and ideas come to light . The beanstalk was designed by a Moose employee and constructed by the Local Builder . Senior manager - People & Culture , Kate Zahra , who has worked at the company for six years , said the focus on fun helps employees feel less pressured about deadlines or major projects . ` Most of our employees prefer to work during the day but when they feel frazzled from working hard on a project , we encourage them to go for a walk , play some basketball , or have a game of table tennis , ' Ms Zahra told Daily Mail Australia . ` We also get together outside of office hours for karaoke nights , themed dress-up parties and weekly soccer games with our very own personalised Moose jerseys - collaboration with others and a change of scenery makes a huge difference . ` On special events such as Australia Day , Harmony Day , Easter and New Years - we hold amazing lunches and BBQ 's . ` These social events get people involved across departments , and I would love to say we have a tight-knit group because we do these activities as a team . ' Moose 's 2014 Employee of the Year : Brad Virgo who scored a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday . Founder of Atari and Chuck E Cheese Pizza Time Pizzas - Nolan Bushnell inspires staff during Moose Talks . Not everyone has a beanstalk inside the office foyer . Children 's author Graeme Base inspired and delighted the Moose team as part of the Moose Talks . Other ` Moosepiration activities ' include a trip to an art exhibition , watching a toy-inspired movie at the cinemas and doing some life drawing or clay modelling at workshops . While it sounds like all fun and games , the pair added the most important part of the company were the people at Moose . ` The people are the highlight in our business - without them , there 's no Moose , ' Ms Zahra said . ` Their passion is sensational and we make sure they 're recognised and awarded for their hard work . They 've put their blood , sweat and tears into everything and it pays off when they see our products on the shelves . ` Moose also conducts surveys to give employees an opportunity to voice their opinions on how to improve the company , and our directors take their feedback very seriously . ` By acting on the feedback , our staff know they 're being heard . The directors are keen to continuously improve - it 's an amazing thing and that certainly happens here . ' Special guests have also been invited to speak at the company 's presentations called ` Moose Talks ' in a bid to inspire , provide professional and personal development on a range of topics to their staff . Employees love not just the toys but the incredible and friendly work environment at Moose HQ in Melbourne . Places and spaces for collaboration where colleagues get together to mingle and share their inspirations . Little Live Pets grace the lighting fixtures - Moose products pop up in unusual places around the office . Moose Toys is family-owned and has been in the business for more than 25 years . Moose Toys have employed about 100 people at its Melbourne office , with 105 staff working across China , Hong Kong , United States and Britain . Moose Toys is family-owned and has been in the business for more than 25 years . Earlier this year , the toy manufacturer won the 2015 Girl Toy of the Year Awards where Shopkins Small Mart triumphed over the likes of Barbie , Lego and Disney Princess toys . Moose has products in all toy categories including collectibles , arts and crafts , activity toys , dolls , novelty items and outdoor products , and has brought joy to kids worldwide with successful products such as Mighty Beanz , Beados , Aqua Sand and The Trash Pack .