It appears nowadays that it is not an official holiday until you 've uploaded your pictures to Instagram with the intention of letting all those at home know how incredible your time away is . From the food you ate for dinner , to the bags you lovingly packed for the plane , every detail of our ` luxurious ' travels can be documented for social media feeds . However sometimes we are guilty of not showing the entire story , and the truth can paint a whole other picture . Scroll down for video . Instagram : The wondrous Great Wall of China -LRB- pictured without visitors -RRB- weaves its way through the rolling countryside . Reality : Brace yourself to battle your way through your walk , not only physically , but also through the hordes of tourists . The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country 's northern border against foreign invasion . While you may have visions of a peaceful stroll along the historic walkway , the truth is you need to be prepared for a slightly different scenario . The wall attracts over 10 million visitors annually so you could be battling your way through the crowds and not just the steep inclines . Instagram : Private planes comes with plenty of legroom and leather interiors , making travel incredible for stars such as Justin Bieber . Reality : Most of us travel with barely any legroom with hundreds of strangers and possibly screaming babies . It is sad to say that flying on a private jet , and on a commercial flight are polar opposite travelling experiences . While it is still fun to get on a plane , with the promise of a holiday on the other side , seeing Instagram pictures from Justin Bieber 's luxury spacious aircraft could make us wishing we had won the lottery . Battling with the person in front for their reclining chair not touching your lap , and craning to see the in-flight movie are all part of the fun that comes with the reality of economy flying . Instagram : Beyonce snapped this close-up shot of herself right next to Leonardo da Vinci 's Mona Lisa at The Louvre , making us all believe we can get easy front-row access to the painting . Reality : Be prepared to wade through hordes of tourists and avoid getting other cameras in your shot while visiting the Mona Lisa . The Louvre attracts 9.7 million visitors a year , more than any other museum in the world . Despite Beyonce making us all believe we can just stroll up and get a front-row shot , the reality is less than rosy . Huge crowds could be blocking the way between you and the mysterious smile , and it is an art in itself snapping the portrait without getting a few cameras in shot . Instagram : Russian photographer Murad Osmann follows his stunning girlfriend to the world 's most famous sights and landmarks , including the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin . Reality : Walk to the other side of Germany 's famous landmark and the traffic of the city somewhat destroys the romance . Brandenburg Gate is the main entrance to the German capital of Berlin and features a picturesque 18th-century neoclassical triumphal arch . Photos posted on Instagram show celebrities strolling up to the iconic structure . But what would make this landmark more appealing would be if it was not surrounded by busy road traffic , and pollution from cars . Instagram : Model Karlie Kloss revealed her essentials for travel on Instagram , perfectly laid out in the X-ray tray at customs . Reality : Not everyone has time to arrange their ultra-stylish hand luggage items neatly as they join long queues to pass through security . Often travel and packing a suitcase can look effortless and sophisticated , when photographs have been carefully selected , with a tactical filter applied . For some , this is the norm , but for others , the sit and zip method of packing , and the rushed cram are the travel scenarios they are most accustomed to . We can all dream of the day we achieve the relaxed and organised packing experience . Instagram : Having roof access to the best partying scenes , overlooking a pool looks easy when you are Khloe Kardashian . Reality : Battling through the crowds to get a drink , surrounded by thousands of other partygoers trying to not get a drink spilt on you . Attending the biggest and best parties in Miami is a challenge , both in getting a ticket to get inside , and surviving once you are there . It can look so easy on Instagram , as Khloe Kardashian showed us , enjoying her time on the roof overlooking the pool . But almost all visitors are crammed onto the floor with heads obstructing their views of the DJ on the stage . Instagram : The glorious Taj Mahal is resplendent , with or without an Instagram filter and the internet is full of spectacular sunset pictures . Reality : Unfortunately , the reality of trying to capture that all-important sunset picture is a little more crowded . It is undeniable that the Taj Mahal in Agra , India , is one of the most beautiful mausoleums in the world . This thought is shared by the three million tourists who go to photograph the iconic landmark . Sadly the outskirts around the temple have less attention than the marble temple , with litter collecting on the banks of the Yamuna River . Instagram : The beautiful Little Mermaid statue in Copenhagen looks impressive against a dramatic sky . Reality : If you can push past the crowds you will be able to see the mermaid , which sits at 4.1 ft tall . The bronze mermaid statue by sculpture Edvard Eriksen was erected on a rock at the Langelinie promenade in Copenhagen , Denmark in 1913 . It was based on the Little Mermaid fairy tale by Danish author Hans Christian Anderson and has drawn a lot of attention over the years . It once had its head sawn off by politically oriented artists of the Situationist movement in 1964 , and again by an unknown culprit in 1998 . Instagram : Stretching out on the plane while enjoying fine cuisine such a lobster , as you soar to your luxurious holiday . Reality : Plastic trays litter your tray table as you wait for the flight attendant to collect whatever it was you ate . Plane food has never had the reputation of being the best meal travellers have ever had . This is not helped by people snapping the first class alternative , and then applying a filter to make the lobster look even more delicious . Sometime you ca n't complain though , and getting a meal , whatever it is like , can brighten your flight . Instagram : Colourful and tasty food awaits the intrepid explorer , sampling a slice of culture on their holidays . Reality : Sometimes it is safer to eat at the hotel if you are n't sure what animal it is that is being served at the side of the street . It is great to want to experience as much of another culture as you can while you are there for your visit . Immersing yourself in the local markets and sampling the cuisine can seem like a good place to start . While a lot of tasty delicacies can be found , you will inevitably stumble upon a questionable dish at some stage , that will make you crave something safer . Instagram : Pop star Rihanna gets up close and personal with a giraffe at a zoo . Reality : Sometimes the encounter is too close for comfort if you are lucky enough to approach an animal in an enclosure . Getting to see animals close up at the zoo is rare on a busy day . However if you do have an encounter with the animals , you could be hoping for an experience like Rihanna 's , who met a giraffe and posted a snap on her Instagram account . Sadly sometimes the animals have other ideas and you can be faced with a less than dignified situation . Instagram : Girl group The Saturdays posted this photo of their tour bus , which has plush leather interiors and flat-screen televisions . Reality : Waiting in a queue of tired explorers , wondering who you will be sat next to , and praying your seat is not next to the toilet . Celebrities make transport seem easy , with luxurious tour buses or limousines waiting to take them to their next destination . For the rest of us , public coaches can be the cheapest way to reach our holidays . Sadly stretching out with flat screen TVs is not the norm in this case . Instagram : An exotic shot of the famous pyramids while sat on a camel for an authentic desert feel . Reality : Take a short trip from the bustling city to see the landmarks , or see it from Pizza Hut , which is located nearby . It is easy to give the impression of a long camel ride to the pyramids in Egypt . What some people do n't realise is they are actually located just on the edge of the busy city . Furthermore , a Pizza Hut is located across from pyramids in Giza .