It 's been just over three years since Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home , resulting in horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face , arms and torso . Now the woman who turned her into a ` human fireball ' , leaving her unable to make simple movements such as straightening her elbows due to the agonising scarring , will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe . Lawyers for Natalie Dimitrovska will on Tuesday , in the Supreme Court of Western Australia , claim that Ms Vulin was not as badly injured as she stated in court , based on footage that shows her recovery filmed for Channel 7 's Sunday Night program . Dimitrovska , who believed her former husband was involved with Ms Vulin and was envious of her beauty , vowed to ruin her ` pretty little face ' . She walked into Ms Vulin 's home on February 16 , 2012 , and hurled a bottle of methylated spirits over her setting her ablaze and changing the 29-year-old 's life in every way imaginable . ` I lost my enter life , I know that sounds huge but people do n't understand the enormity of not having my functionality , it 's my independence , my sexuality , my everything , ' Ms Vulin told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Road to recovery : Dana Vulin suffered horrific third degree burns to her face and body . Using skin taken from her legs , doctors have reconstructed the 29-year-old 's scorched skin over countless operations during the past three years . Ms Vulin has many more operations to come and still suffers greatly with functionality . During Dimitrovska 's original trial , in Western Australia 's District Court , Ms Vulin described how she ` was pretty much instantly on fire ' during the attack . As she continues her long and painful recovery , spending most days in hospital and working with domestic violence and suicide prevention charities in her spare time , the dark prospect that Dimitrovska could be freed early looms . ` I 've been given a life sentence and she 's complaining about 17 years , ' Ms Vulin said . She found out a year ago that Dimitrovska was lodging an appeal to argue her sentence for grievous bodily harm with intent was ` manifestly excessive ' . ` My understanding is she thinks it 's a sentence too long for what she has done . It 's just annoying I just want to move on and she 's already caused me enough pain , leave me alone , ' Ms Vulin said . ` I am accepting I 'm always going to have scars , which is a necessity to move on ' : Almost three years on since her horrific attack , Ms Vulin spends most of her days in hospital still but is also working with charities . Lawyers for Natalie Dimitrovska -LRB- left and right -RRB- will on Tuesday claim that Ms Vulin was not as badly injured as she stated in court . They are appealing for her sentence to be reduced . She has ` no idea ' if her attacker 's appeal will be successful however , as ` it 's such a unique case , it 's unprecedented , ' Ms Vulin explained . Since the assault when she was 25-years-old , Ms Vulin spent two years and eight months wearing a compression mask to help put her face back together . ` It made me feel like nothing of me was Dana , not the life I lived , the things I did and not the exterior . ` I would have rather endured physical pain than wear that mask , ' Ms Vulin said . ` It helped to shape the face and the pressure was so tight it helped flatten and massage the face and try to keep it from going inside out . ' The mask has now been removed but every morning when she wakes up she is stiff from her scars . ` I am still in the early stages of recovery , I 'm looking at least five years , ' she said . Ms Vulin spent two years and eight months wearing a compression mask to help put her face back together . ` I would have rather endured physical pain than wear that mask ' : Ms Vulin said as she looked back on the past three years since the heinous crime . ` Physically I am accepting I 'm always going to have scars , which is a necessity to move on . Yes I do n't look like anyone else but I 'm damn proud about how far I 've come and I 'm as unique inside as I am outside . ' The Perth woman puts much of her progress down to her personality . ` I was always strong . That is peoples ' biggest misconception about me . My looks were a bonus , I was strong in my heart and head before this ... you 've got to love who you are as a person because looks fade , ' Ms Vulin explained . However , she has countless more operations to come , with functionality prioritised over cosmetic procedures . Dana Vulin leaves court after watching the woman who set her alight and left her to burn to death jailed by a Perth judge for 17 years . Ms Vulin , seen here before the attack with her sister , was set alight by a jealous estranged wife of a man she had met once . ` I 'm a modern day Frankenstein ... it 's absolutely amazing ' : Dana pictured here before the attack . ` I 've still got so much to work on . I ca n't really bend my elbows or raise my arms . ` I 'm stuck if I try to overstretch , I get a break down or wound because my skin is splitting , ' she explained . She spent Christmas and New Year in hospital having her new chest , shoulders and décolletage area operated on . ` It failed the first time so I had to get it redone and it 's starting to scar again . They 've taken skin from my right leg five times and my left leg four times , ' she said . ` I 'm a modern day Frankenstein ... it 's absolutely amazing and the human body is beyond incredible . I am so eternally grateful for the doctors and physios at Royal Perth , ' Ms Vulin added . It would be very easy for Ms Vulin to be filled with hate about what happened to her but she insists ` all I ever do is take positives ' from the situation . ` I want my life back . I 'm so grateful I 'm alive , I can see , I can smell , I can touch . I still feel grateful . ` I want my life back . I 'm so grateful I 'm alive ' : Today Ms Vulin is looking at the positives to move forward . ` I guess every day is a reminder but I try not to think that she did this me . I want to give it no power . I just have heartache and one step forward is ten steps backwards with the burns . ` I 'm used to disappointment now but I 'm also used to getting back up and kicking it in the face , ' Ms Vulin said . As Ms Vulin continues on her recovery she is now working with the Men In Black suicide prevention charity , is an ambassador for the Kiss Violence Against Women Goodbye campaign and is also representing Lifeline WA in the 2015 HBF fun run as their official charity ambassador . ` I try to get behind most charities but I guess with violence against women and the run it is all about a lifeline for healthy mind and healthy body , that 's something I 've experienced first hand through my recovery , ' she said . To support Dana Vulin visit her Facebook , Twitter and Instagram pages .