It is exactly a year since Sportsmail revealed that David Moyes was getting the sack at Manchester United , the club deciding to take action as soon as a defeat at Everton meant Champions League qualification was no longer possible . Into his shoes stepped an entirely different character , the supremely confident Louis van Gaal . One year on , JOE BERNSTEIN looks at which man has coped best in the crucial areas of the job , with the pressure of trying to continue Sir Alex Ferguson 's success at Old Trafford weighing heavily . David Moyes waved goodbye to Manchester United exactly a year ago after a dismal run of results . Louis van Gaal has propelled United back into the top four , despite an up-and-down season . RESULTS . For David Moyes to take a team that had won the Premier League title by 11 points into seventh place was an unmitigated disaster , even if he coped well with his first Champions League campaign and reached the quarter-finals . United lost seven of their 19 league games at Old Trafford -- unacceptable . Under Louis van Gaal , United have already won more league points than they did last season and there are still five matches left . There has been the occasional blip , like losing twice to Swansea City , but the bigger the match , they better they 've done , which is how United are meant to be . Two results stand out in particular . Under Moyes , United lost 3-0 at home to their biggest rivals Liverpool and Manchester City . In the corresponding fixtures this season , they have won 3-0 and 4-2 . Moyes 4/10 ; Van Gaal 7/10 . United reflect on another low point last season after Champions League defeat against Bayern Munich . There is a different vibe around Old Trafford now , as seen in the 4-1 win over Manchester City this month . PERFORMANCES . Neither manager plays the same way as Ferguson , whose response when lesser teams came to Old Trafford was to try and overwhelm them with attacking play , based on the use of wingers . Moyes is a more cautious manager , prioritising his defence and it left United fans chanting : ` Come on David Moyes , play like Fergie 's boys ' . Van Gaal has also been criticised for building play too slowly , he likes to keep possession as a tool for eventually killing off the opposition , death by a thousand passes . But funnily enough that criticism has subsided as the results have improved . Under Moyes , United looked great in some away games , particularly hitting Newcastle for four at St James ' Park . But they fell short in the big matches . United got lucky at Arsenal and Southampton earlier in the season , but the showing in the Manchester derby a fortnight ago was a lot more vibrant . Moyes 5/10 ; Van Gaal 6/10 . Juan Mata scored twice as United enjoyed a 4-0 win at Newcastle , a rare good show under Moyes . Robin van Persie 's double helped United scrape a lucky win at Southampton in December . DECISIONS . David Moyes got himself into a pickle before he 'd even started by appearing ambiguous over whether he was a Robin van Persie man or a Wayne Rooney man . The result was the pair failed to link up in any meaningful way . Having spent £ 27million on Marouane Fellaini , he deployed him too deep , and failed to get the best out of experienced players Nemanja Vidic , Rio Ferdinand , Patrice Evra and Ryan Giggs . Van Gaal comes across as a man who knows what he wants but a defensive injury crisis early on seemed to make him lurch from one formation to another . Rooney was also shunted around from attack to midfield which did n't get the best out of him . Ironically , it was Van Gaal 's decision to push a Moyes signing , Fellaini , forward which proved the key to turning United 's season around . Moyes and Van Gaal have both made mistakes but the Dutchman seems to have the strength of personality to correct them in time . He has left big names out like Angel di Maria , Falcao and Robin van Persie . Moyes did n't seem to have the confidence to do that . Making Rooney captain was a Van Gaal plan that has worked . Moyes 5/10 ; Van Gaal 6/10 . Ryan Giggs -LRB- left -RRB- was one of the senior pros whom Moyes failed to get the best out of . Falcao has been a big disappointment under Van Gaal , but the United boss has n't been afraid to drop him . SIGNINGS . It 's a confusing area because we do n't really know who has been responsible for all the signings at United since Ferguson left . One can assume Moyes handpicked Fellaini from Everton and he has been a belated success , but the £ 37.1 million acquisition of Mata looked more like opportunism from Ed Woodward who needed at the time to know he could pull off a big deal . Ander Herrera , signed when Van Gaal was in charge , is regarded more as a Moyes buy - he 'd done the homework on the Spaniard . Likewise , Van Gaal can take credit for Daley Blind , whose versatility has come in useful this season , and Marcos Rojo . He admits he had little to do with Herrera or Luke Shaw , and the capture of Falcao was probably driven at boardroom level . The biggest signing , £ 60million for Di Maria , is interesting . Van Gaal definitely liked him as a winger but the Argentine has been a letdown despite 10 Premier League assists . Moyes definitely scores a higher mark now for his transfer business than he would have scored when he left the club , which is why his supporters are aggrieved he was n't given a second season . Moyes 6/10 ; Van Gaal 5/10 . Marouane Fellaini was originally branded a poor signing but Moyes 's decision has since been vindicated . Angel di Maria was bought for a British record £ 60m , but has flopped in his first season at United . RELATIONSHIP WITH PLAYERS . Having worked with Wayne Rooney as a teenager at Everton , Moyes was able to get the striker back onside despite his disappointment at the time of not earning a move to Chelsea . But other senior professionals did not react well to the Scot . Robin van Persie felt he was over-trained , though he was careful not to publicly criticise Moyes , but others like Rio Ferdinand were not shy about voicing complaints over issues like when the team was announced . Ryan Giggs made it clear he preferred a more direct , attacking approach with ` pace and width ' . Club captain Nemanja Vidic made his decision to leave during Moyes ' tenure . It is hard to know exactly what goes on in the inner sanctum but it does appear Van Gaal is highly respected by his United squad . The attention to detail in training has won over key players like Rooney and Michael Carrick , the midfielder even suggesting the team 's new style has been taken on board by the players quicker than the fans have done . Even when the team was struggling , you have n't heard mumblings of discontent in the dressing-room compared to a year ago . Moyes 5/10 ; Van Gaal 7/10 . Moyes endured a fractious relationship with several stars at United , including Van Persie . Wayne Rooney and Van Gaal have formed a strong bond , and the Dutchman has the respect of his squad . PUBLIC RELATIONS . In a sense , Moyes was handed a thankless task , replacing Ferguson as the ` Chosen One ' . It did require a strong personality with a thick skin , and unfortunately the Scot failed on both counts . In retrospect , he was too deferential , when he cited the club 's tradition for bringing in young players and attacking until the end , it did n't sound right because his strengths lie elsewhere . His admission that he did n't take Van Persie off because he feared the reaction smelt of weakness . Neither was he helped by criticism from club legends Paul Scholes and Gary Neville on television . Because of his c.v. , Van Gaal has been able to lay down his markers rather better . He has dealt with the likes of Patrick Kluivert , Xavi and Andres Iniesta and the fans of Bayern Munich and Barcelona so nothing at United was going to frighten him . He has been confident enough to lay down his philosophy , whether popular or unpopular . His biggest error was getting sucked into an argument over long-ball tactics with Sam Allardyce . Moyes 5/10 ; Van Gaal 7/10 . A banner critical of manager Moyes was flown above Old Trafford during a match against Aston Villa . Van Gaal 's glittering CV ensured he had the gravitas needed to take on one of the game 's biggest jobs . ESCAPING THE SHADOW OF FERGIE . Having personally anointed Moyes , Ferguson maybe felt subconsciously he should have some influence . He went to nearly all the matches despite having said on retirement he 'd travel the world and was put out that Moyes let his backroom team of Mike Phelan and Rene Meulensteen leave . Certainly , when Moyes was heading out , Fergie knew about it and did n't fight to keep him . Ferguson knows he wo n't hold any sway over Van Gaal and does n't even try , which has helped the Dutchman . He rarely goes to games now , and when he does he 's definitely regarded as a legendary former manager rather than a backseat driver . Whether he intended to or not , Ferguson 's shadow loomed large over Moyes . It 's an issue Van Gaal has not had to contend with apart from the fans chanting ` Attack , attack , attack ' when the ball is passed back to David de Gea . Moyes 4/10 ; Van Gaal 6/10 . TOTAL : Moyes 34/70 ; Van Gaal 44/70 . Sir Alex Ferguson was a regular presence in the stands at Old Trafford during Moyes 's rule . Ferguson , pictured speaking with Van Gaal in 1998 , knows he does not hold influence over the Dutchman .