While being white , blonde and an attractive Anglo-Saxon should n't ensue judgement , according to Ellie Laing , SBS news reporter , it does come with a barrage of unfair perceptions . In an article by The Australian written on Monday , Jim Carroll , the News and Current Affairs Director of SBS , was reported to be taking a more ` commercial ' approach to the network by hiring ` good-looking , female , Anglo-Celtic ' journalists . While Carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards , many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill . ` Never mind the fact that I work damned hard ' : SBS reporter Ellie Laing has launched a scathing attack on an article in The Australian that suggested she and other journalists were hired for being young , white and female . Ellie Laing , SBS news reporter who was hired by Carroll , has now hit back at claims she was hired for her beauty over her brains in an open letter to critics . ` When a compliment suggesting I might be , in some way `` attractive , '' I 'll take it , with delight , ' she wrote in an open letter circulated to several news outlets . ` What I wo n't take is a suggestion that because I 'm `` attractive '' , white and a woman it somehow detracts from the credibility and substance of the news service I work for . ' Laing also wrote that despite a near decade of experience , hard work , established contacts and a regular six day week gig working as a journalism teacher at Macleay College on the side , none of this was taken into account . Diversity : The SBS was criticised for hiring young attractive reporters , with Sarah Abo one of the journalists mentioned in the article . ` In my case it did n't mention the near decade of experience I could bring to the newsroom after enjoying a long career across radio and TV at the ABC , Seven and Ten . Never mind the fact that I work damned hard . ' The article also commented on the SBS content taking a more ` fluffy ' lifestyle approach , which Laing shot back at by insisting a need for an inclusion of the arts and a more balanced approach to hard news . Beyond the affront on her looks , credibility and the content , Laing made sure to clear up one thing - she was hired for passion , not because she ` scrubs up alright . ' Alyshia Gates is another of the SBS journalists whose position were questioned by The Australian . Finishing her letter with a fiery response for The Australian journalist behind the controversial article , Laing said : ` If he 'd watched the bulletin a bit closer he would have seen I 've changed my name to Ellie Laing -LRB- too -RRB- . I got married late last year . And yes , on my wedding day , I looked the most `` attractive '' I 've ever been . ' While Laing stands by Carroll and claims that suggest the over importance her looks play , this article comes at the same week Karen Middleton , SBS political correspondent announced her departure from the network . It 's believed by insiders she did n't have the right ` profile ' to fit Carroll 's new criterion . Whether it 's sexism based on attractiveness or unattractiveness , age or cultural background it could be said the head of network 's values to be ` independent from external pressures to conform or favour ' and ` provide a real multi cultural and contemporary Australia ' are coming under question .