A wife has told how she has put her husband on a lifelong sex ban and tracks his every move , after discovering he had cheated on her after taking a lie detector test . Despite his infidelity , Haley and Kev Mulholland still share a house in Bristol , though Mr Mulholland has to sleep on the living room sofa . The mother-of-eight says that while she does not want her husband , she does not want any other woman to have him either . Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair after reading his Facebook page . Mrs Mulholland monitors her husband 's movements , checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman 's perfume . ` I might not want Kev , but I do n't want anyone else to have him either , ' said the 45 year old , who is mum to Sophie , 27 , Kerrie , 25 , Kasey , 14 , Brittany , 13 , Paige ten , Tyler , nine , Madison , eight and five-year-old Alexius . ` I keep tabs on his phone and on his Facebook page . He swears he 's staying true , but I could n't trust him as far as I could throw him . Over the past few months I 've become quite the detective . ' Though Mrs Mulholland has so far found no evidence to suggest he is straying , she refuses to take her husband of 15 years back . She said : ` While we 're not divorced , we 're not together . There 's no kissing , sex or anything like that , though Kev 's tried his luck . ` He creeps into my room saying the sofa 's given him a bad back and that he needs to sleep in my bed . I just tell him where to go . Kevin and Haley , who have been together for 15 years , are pictured on their wedding day . ` The other night he started stroking my thigh . I slapped his hand away . This body is well and truly out of bounds . ' The Mulhollands ' marriage became rocky shortly before they renewed their wedding vows on Valentine 's Day in 2013 . Mrs Mulholland said : ` A month before the big day I was on the computer and noticed Facebook was still logged on to Kev 's profile . ` I clicked on his inbox , and discovered a message from one of our neighbours . ` She 'd written `` Have you told her yet ? '' which made my heart race . ` Had my Kev been going round for more than a cup of sugar ? ` The rest of their correspondence was harmless enough , so I decided to give Kev the benefit of the doubt . Haley learns that Kevin did cheat her on after a lie detector test on the Jeremy Kyle televsion show . ` But just weeks after our wedding I started hearing rumours about the two of them . ` I asked Kev if something was going on and he denied it . But I smelt a rat - a love rat . ' That is when Mrs Mulholland started to doubt her husband and put him on a sex ban until he admitted the truth . She said : ` I trusted the people who were telling me . So I told him , no nookie until I get to the bottom it . ` Two years went by and I stuck to my word . We slept on opposite sides of the bed , absolutely no touching . Haley says she has banished Kevin to the sofa after learning that he cheated and has also imposed a sex ban . ` By the end Kev was so desperate for some hanky panky he suggested we went on the Jeremy Kyle show for a lie detector test . ` I booked for us to go on the show . A couple of nights later I checked Kev 's Facebook inbox and felt sick to my stomach . ` There were loads of messages from this other woman . She had written that she was worried she 'd caught an STI from Kev . It was absolutely disgusting . ' Mrs Mulholland went round to confront her neighbour who claimed her Facebook had been hacked . But the lie detector test on the Jeremy Kyle show revealed that Mr Mulholland had cheated on his wife with their neighbour . The couple trip the light fantastic after renewing their wedding vows just one month after Haley discovered the incriminating Facebook message suggesting Kevin was having an affair . The couple kiss after renewing their wedding vows before friends and family . She said : ` Kev walked off stage , swearing that the results were fixed . But that evening he finally admitted the truth . ` He said it had only lasted five minutes , but that did n't matter to me . Once a cheat always a cheat . ` I knew we were over but I did n't kick him out for the sake of the kids , instead I moved him downstairs . ` The little ones are none the wiser . ' Mrs Mulholland said she has now started to track her husband 's movements to make sure he is n't seeing other women . ` It sounds crazy as , hand on my heart , I do not want him back . But whenever he goes out I make a note of how long for and calculate what he could be doing , ' she said . In happier times : Haley and Kevin who is father to six of her eight children . ` Maybe it 's jealousy or perhaps it 's because I want him to suffer . ` I know his Facebook password and I log in most days to check whether his floozy has been in touch . ` She 's kept quiet , and if she has any sense she 'll continue to do so . ' It 's not just technology Mrs Mulholland uses to try and catch her husband out . ` The other day I hugged him as soon as he walked through the door . I think he saw it as progress , but I was just seeing if I could smell another woman on him . ` I make sure I know where he is at all times . ` So far he has passed the test , but if he ever fails I 'm ready to pounce . ' Mr Mulholland , who is unable to work due to a bad back , has told his wife he will win her back by remaining celibate until she changes her mind . He claims he 'll show he 's remained faithful by doing another lie detector test . Haley Mulholland says she now keeps tabs on her husband and checks his Facebook page . Mrs Mulholland said : ` I do n't know what I 'd do if the results came back and he 's telling the truth . Maybe I 'd take him back , maybe I would n't . ` For now I 'm happy being single . I do n't see a man in my future and I 'll be damned if there 's a woman in Kevin 's . ` He 's made his bed and he has to lie in it -- alone . ' Mr Mulholland , 46 , said he was determined to win his wife back . ` I love Haley more than anything , no other woman compares . The kids and her are my life . ` I 'm still living in the house , so there 's still love there . I 'm not having sex with anyone to prove just how serious I am . ` The fact that she 's checking up on me tells me that she cares . '