Parents Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life . And like many others , they have come to believe that a private education is the best way to achieve it . But so desperate are they to get their son Craig -- known to them as CJ -- into a local prep school that they 've put their house on the market in order to pay the fees . And that 's not all . They 've also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half , taken in lodgers , and have pinned their hopes on a ` crowd-funding ' initiative , hoping members of the public will help them achieve their dream . Scroll down for video . The Morgan family outside their home in Hastings with dad Craig , mum Bonnie and sons Craig Jr -LRB- known as CJ -RRB- , nine , and Alfie , four . They are selling it for £ 185,000 to help pay for Craig Jr 's prep school fees . ` We believe any child will benefit more from what a private education has to offer , ' said Mrs Morgan . ` There is simply no comparison . ' The Morgans , from Hastings in East Sussex , settled on the idea of a private education for their children after CJ , who they say is academically gifted , found that he was n't being stretched at his state primary school . ` We always knew CJ was very bright , ' Mrs Morgan said . ` By the age of two he could recite the continents and at nursery he was identified as gifted and talented . ` By six he knew what every road sign meant and was reading paperbacks . Teachers say he is at least two years ahead academically compared with other children of the same age . And we 've been told if he continues as he is doing with his maths , he is likely to gain a maths scholarship when he goes to senior school . ' Despite his success at the local school -- rated as outstanding -- the Morgans felt he was too bright for state education and not achieving as much as expected . And then , they say , came a problem with playground bullying . ` He won a trophy for his go-karting hobby and after taking it to school he was constantly taunted by two boys , ' Mrs Morgan said . ` He started coming home in tears . ` The final straw came when one yob yelled in his face and another punched CJ for nothing . The staff agreed it was an unprovoked attack but CJ no longer wanted to go to school . He started biting his nails and becoming withdrawn . ' Battle Abbey School in East Sussex . ` Friends and family ca n't understand why we are giving up everything ' to send CJ to the £ 4,000 a term school , says mum Bonnie . Heartbroken , the Morgans kept their son at home and contacted their local council to see if he could be transferred to a different primary school , but no places were available . Eventually in August 2014 -- and with CJ refusing to return to his state school -- he sat the entrance exam for Battle Abbey Prep School . Mrs Morgan said : ` He sailed through the exam and when we looked round the school , we all fell in love with it . There is a big emphasis on good manners there -- something that simply was n't emphasised as important at CJ 's old school . He loved it and in September started as a day pupil . ' But at £ 4,000 a term , the fees were crippling for the family , particularly as their income depended on Mr Morgan 's work as a taxi driver . However , having seen their son join the choir and become part of the water polo and hockey teams , all within just a term , the family decided to cash in the only real asset they possessed . ` Our net monthly household income is £ 2,300 , ' said Mrs Morgan . ` After bills and the mortgage have been paid , I 'm often left with just £ 50 a week for food . But we just want the best for CJ . ` Friends and family ca n't understand why we are giving up everything . They think we are mad to pauper ourselves to give CJ -- and ultimately his four-year-old brother Alfie -- a private education . ' As well as putting their house on the market , the Morgans have taken in a number of lodgers and have set up a ` gofundme ' account in the hope of attracting donations of £ 115,000 from the public . Mr Morgan works as a taxi driver meaning the Bishop Abbey fees were crippling for the family , forcing them to sell their house , take in lodgers and attempt crowd-funding to afford them . ` Holidays are out and even day trips are n't possible as we ca n't afford the petrol , ' said Mrs Morgan . ` CJ and Alfie have given up their bedrooms so we can rent them out . It means they have to sleep in the same bedroom as Craig and me . ' Private school fees are a growing problem for parents , with those on middling incomes finding themselves increasingly forced out . Since 1990 , fees have quadrupled , with the average cost of sending two children to private school now estimated at more than half a million pounds . Even so , figures from the Independent Schools Council suggest that demand for private education is increasing . Mrs Morgan said : ` The fees include extras such as some after-school clubs and trips . His uniform alone with its different pairs of sports shoes and PE kit cost us £ 500 . We owe £ 9,800 on three credit cards but can only afford to pay off the minimum amount every month . ' To help cut costs , the family 's £ 120 weekly grocery bill has already been slashed to £ 50 , thanks to bulk-buying and plenty of home-cooking . The Morgans have had to slash their weekly grocery bills by more than half to try and give CJ , and in future his brother Alfie , the private education they believe they deserve . ` Our clothes come from second-hand shops and we 've even stopped the boys ' pocket money , ' Mrs Morgan added . Once their house is sold , the Morgans plan to rent a property , using about £ 85,000 of equity they have in their home to pay the fees . ` Ironically , as our mortgage is only around £ 200 a month and renting will cost about £ 1,000 , it is going to add to our outgoings , ' Mrs Morgan said . ` But this way we can sleep at night . We can clear our debts and , most importantly , pay for CJ 's school fees . ` Of course some people 's children are lucky -- they sail through a state school and go on to become lawyers or doctors . Everyone has a choice and some parents would simply not want to make the sacrifices we are doing . But , the facilities , the ambiance , the atmosphere -- it is all so much better than any state school . If your child is at a private school he is simply far more likely to reach his potential . ` Every day I pick CJ up from school he has a smile on his face . He is full of enthusiasm and inspired by his lessons . ` Craig and I will always know we did the very best we could . ' To donate to CJ 's scholarship fund go to gofundme.com/qrbd8w .