The girlfriend of a TV star 's son has posed in provocative images posted on social media in a bid to push the couple 's campaign to legalise marijuana . Outrageous conceptual artist and son of television veteran Terry Willesee , Jesse Willesee , was arrested at Sydney Town Hall for smoking weed at 4.20 pm on Monday as part of the 420 campaign . Joining him on his cannabis crusade is his girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar who has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with fingernails painted with the cannabis sign . Jesse 's controversial partner in crime also lights up a pipe in one of the confronting images and suggestively posies with a bong . Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on Instagram . Marijuana leaves are emblazoned on Jasmine 's underwear on her Instagram account . On Monday , Jasmine started the day by posting a photo of her bare chest with her hands over her bare breasts showing off her long white fingernails with green marijuana leaves emblazoned across them . Before joining Jesse at his protest outside Sydney Town Hall , Jasmine put up another post of herself smoking a joint with the comment : ` sparking up before I go to support @jessewillesee 420 protest happening at 4.20 pm at Sydney Town Hall today ! #weedisnotacrime . ' Dressed in a suit and trainers , Jesse walked to the top of Sydney Town Hall steps and lit up a joint as a way of making a bold statement before he was arrested by police . After he was released he posted an image of the young couple happily walking off arm in arm under an umbrella . ` This is a photo of @jasman420 and I leaving the protest yesterday just after I was released by police . Yesterday was truly crazy and I could n't have done it without jasmine 's love and support ! ' Jasmine -LRB- left -RRB- and Jesse -LRB- right -RRB- are partners in crime to push their cause to legalise marijuana . Jesse getting arrested for smoking weed at Sydney Town Hall on Monday . Jasmine lit up in celebration of Jesse 's ongoing campaign to legalise marijuana . Jess is the son of TV veteran Terry Willesee . Jasmine appeared to be very proud of her man 's feat and lit up a joint as part of their celebrations . ` Weed kitty all lit up . Exciting day my love @jessewillesee got arrested for the cause and now we 're gon na celebrate . ' Jesse was equally delighted with a video of the protest which was widely shared on social media . ` Hilarious video of my protest yesterday has gone viral reaching over half a million views in under 24 hours . #weedisnotacrime . ' he posted . The passionate advocate , who started smoking pot at 23 years old to help cope with his attention deficient disorder , Jesse pushed the campaign on social media with the hashtag ## weedisnotacrime . ` Marijuana is not a crime and I 'm not a criminal but I was arrested at around 4:21 and charged with administering myself a prohibited substance , ' he posted on Instagram . ` Thank you to everyone who came down in the rain and showed their support . ' 420 has been relatively small in Australia . But right now it 's hard to ignore it . #weedisnotacrime . ' Jesse lit up a joint on Monday as part of the 420 campaign which happens every year on April 20 at 4.20 pm . Some of Jasmine 's images are extremely provocative to get her point across about cannabis . Jasmine was delighted with Jesse 's arrest at the pro-cannabis protest and backs him 100 per cent . The campaign is a universal celebration of cannabis with people smoking dope at exactly 4.20 pm on April 20 every year . Last year , Jesse participated on a much wider scale protesting anti-marijuana laws by smoking weed outside six Sydney police stations and Parliament house . He started a Facebook page inviting people to join him at Sydney Town Hall at 4.20 pm on Monday . ` I will be sparking up to protest against the criminalisation of marijuana . Take photos while I light up at 4.20 pm and share via social media using the hashtag #weedisnotacrime , ' the post said . ' *** Warning *** I am not asking anyone to bring weed or to join me smoking , just to join the protest . The police station is 100 metres away - leave your weed at home . '