Police in Texas are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing an intoxicated woman to the ground of a parking lot during an arrest . The officer , Ben Johnson , who has been on the force four years , was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails at a strip mall in Red Rock on Tuesday . When he arrived , he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith , who was walking toward her car , and began handcuffing her . Johnson claims the woman started resisting him , forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down , however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story . Investigation : Police in Red Rock , Texas , are into this video to see if officer Ben Johnson used excessive force when taking down Viviana Keith , 27 , who was arrested amid reports of drunken behavior and DUI . Excessive ? : The dramatic video shows the moment Johnson slams Keith into the ground , knocking her out . Take-down : Johnson says that Keith was resisting him , so he threw her to the concrete of the parking lot . Out : The move immediately knocked Viviana Keith unconscious , as her daughter -LRB- left -RRB- watched on . Battered : Vivian Keith , seen here in her booking photo following the incident on Tuesday , has been charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties . Both videos show Johnson throwing Keith to the concrete ground of the parking lot . Her head can be seen hitting the hard surface in the video taken nearby , and she passes out on impact . The main who took the video , who wished to remain anonymous , said he believed it was an excessive use of force . ` When I look back at the tape , I can see her head bounce off the concrete because when he threw her down , she was n't able to brace herself , ' the man told KVUE . ` She was absolutely unconscious . ` There were a couple of other gentleman in the store with me and we were saying ` is she breathing ? ' ` Because at first we were n't seeing her stomach rise and fall . ' Another witness , Viviana Garcia , said she thought the woman had died . Furthermore , the woman 's daughter , who is six-years-old , also saw the incident unfold . ` It looked like she was dead , ' Garcia told the network . ` The little girl was screaming , `` Mommy , mommy '' . ' Dash cam : A second roll of footage was captured inside Johnson 's car showing Keith being arrested . Resisting ? : Johnson claimed that Keith resisted him and that he was forced to take her down . Slam : This is the moment officer Ben Johnson throws Viviana Keith to the ground during the arrest Tuesday . Round Rock Police Chief Allen Banks said the calls his department received about Keith said she was being ` very combative , very argumentative and also very intoxicated ' . Callers also said that Keith had left her daughter in the car . They said she was driving ` erratic ' and ` carelessly ' when she arrived . Others claimed to have spoken to the daughter , who said she was hungry . Internal investigation : Round Rock Police Chief Allen Banks says he has reviewed the footage and believes Johnson acted within his rights . After seeing the footage , Banks said he thinks the officer acted in the right way . ` The officer was very professional , was talking to her calm , he was n't excited , he was n't angry , ' Banks told KVUE . ` It 's unfortunate , the fact that this lady did what appears to hit her head and was knocked unconscious , but I 'll tell you , the officer did what he was supposed to do in a situation like that . ' Keith was arrested and charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties . She is being kept at Williamson County Jail for the time being . The incident is being investigated , and Johnson remains on the job .