Niki Lauda is fully expecting Nico Rosberg to turn ` nasty ' at some stage after accusing the German and team-mate Lewis Hamilton of being ` egocentric b ******* ' . Hamilton spearheaded a Mercedes one-two at the Shanghai International Circuit , claiming his fourth Chinese Grand Prix victory and the 35th overall of his Formula One career . Rosberg , though , effectively accused Hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference after the reigning champion slowed in the middle stint of the race to preserve his soft tyres . Mercedes non-executive chairman Niki Lauda -LRB- right -RRB- pictured by the circuit in his recognisable red cap . Nico Rosberg speaks with Lauda in the team garage ... the German is expected to turn ` nasty ' at some stage . That backed up Rosberg who had Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel closing in from behind , forcing him to bemoan the situation to the team over the radio , who responded by asking Hamilton to increase his pace . Rosberg made his feelings plain to Hamilton immediately afterwards , yet the 30-year-old was completely exonerated of any wrongdoing . As far as Mercedes non-executive chairman Lauda was concerned , the actions of Hamilton were that of a driver with a winning mentality . ` We were first and second and I do n't care if there is a quarrel , as long as Vettel was third , ' said Lauda . ` One thing is clear from my point of view , Lewis had pole position and controlled the race from the beginning to the end , therefore there is no need for a quarrel . ' Asked whether Hamilton had the right to be selfish , Lauda replied : ` Sure , he will drive selfish . ` These guys ... I call them egocentric b ******* , and this is the only way to win a championship . It 's the oldest thing . There is no friendship out there . When you race you have to fight , that 's it . ' Lewis Hamilton waves to the crowd from the podium as Rosberg reflects on finishing behind his team-mate . Hamilton and Rosberg spray champagne from the podium as Mercedes celebrate a one-two finish . Hamilton celebrates his win with the Mercedes team but Rosberg appears less pleased with second . Hamilton backed his corner when it was claimed that he had scuppered his team-mate 's race . Lauda rightly noted Rosberg opted not to attack Hamilton for the win , instead wanting to preserve his own tyres and hang on to second . The three-times champion , however , believes Rosberg will hit back at some stage , adding : ` Nico will calm himself down . ` For sure , when you are being beaten by your team-mate it hurts . When I was being beaten by -LRB- Alain -RRB- Prost all the time I was not happy . On the other hand Nico is a guy who comes back quickly , so thank God there is only one week to the next race -LRB- in Bahrain -RRB- so all this talk will stop quickly when they start driving again on Friday . ` Of course , Lewis bites , he has the talent to bite , but Nico is as nasty as he is if he sees the chance . Do n't worry . ' It means Rosberg could respond in Bahrain , the scene of their titanic on-track duel last season which sparked their at-times bitter rivalry which culminated in their collision in Belgium . For now , Hamilton holds a 13-point cushion to Vettel , with Rosberg a further four points adrift . Hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in China . Rosberg accused Hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference on Sunday . Overall , Hamilton said : ` I 'm really happy . It was a great race and really positive to have a clean weekend throughout every session . ' Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen was fourth ahead of Williams pair Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas , with McLaren 's Fernando Alonso 12th and Jenson Button 14th . Button had finished 13th , but was handed a five-second post-race penalty for an accident with Lotus ' Pastor Maldonado that ended the Venezuelan 's grand prix . In his first race with Manor , after missing the first two due to issues , Will Stevens was 15th , finishing ahead of team-mate Roberto Merhi .