A Spanish priest has stunned viewers and judges on a talent show with his remarkable rendition of Angels . Father Damian Maria Montes , 29 , from Madrid , was appearing on the Spanish version of The Voice when he belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest 's collar . As he launched himself into the chorus , the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement . Scroll down for video . Shock performance : Father Damian Maria Montes belts out the 1997 Robbie Williams classic , stunning viewers and judges on the Spanish version of The Voice . After finishing his stunning performance , the Redemptorist Missionary claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old and had always wanted to be a musical artist . But he claimed he turned to the church first as he wanted to ` make sense of life ' . He said : ` My goal is to convey through music all the love in the world . ' Viewer Carlos Carrasco , 26 , said : ` Angels is one of my favourite songs of all time and I never thought I 'd hear a better version than Robbie 's . But this priest blew me away . ' Another , Maria Navarro , 22 , said : ` When he started singing there was such beautiful innocence in his voice I felt myself moved to tears . ' Lofty dreams : Father Montes claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old and had always wanted to be a musical artist . Talented clergyman : The priest said he turned to the church before chasing his singing dream as he wanted to ` make sense of life ' Meanwhile , show judge Antonio Orozco , 42 , joked : ` I could help you to win The Voice if you help me get into Heaven , because I do not have any points yet in that contest . ' Now the singing priest has been compared to Italian nun Sister Christina who shot to fame after appearing in the Italian version of The Voice performing an Alicia Keys song . Footage of the nun belting out hit single No One in full habit racked up 30 million hits on YouTube in just seven days . Sister Cristina , who grew up in a small town outside Palermo , got her first taste of stardom aged 17 when she was offered the starring role in a musical put on by an order of nuns about their founder St Ursula . The singing priest has been compared to Italian nun Sister Christina who shot to fame after appearing in the Italian version of The Voice performing an Alicia Keys song . Sister Cristina Scuccia stunned judges on the Italian version of The Voice last year with her version of Alicia Keys song No One . The footage racked up 30-million hits on YouTube in just seven days .