Each week Sportsmail gathers up the ratings from our team of reporters to provide the best Barclays Premier League starting XI of the day . Eden Hazard , Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week 's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win , but who else made the XI ? Scroll down to find out . GK - Tim Howard -LRB- EVERTON vs Southampton -RRB- - 7 . Had to be alert to James Ward-Prowse 's swerving effort , stretching a big hand out to his left in order to beat it away . Key to Everton 's win . Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard put in a man of the match performance against Southampton . DEF - Antonio Valencia -LRB- MANCHESTER UNITED vs Aston Villa -RRB- - 7.5 . Industrious down the right flank , almost created a goal for Rooney with one surge ; not tested defensively . Antonio Valencia runs with the ball during Manchester United 's win over Aston Villa on Saturday . DEF - Marcos Rojo -LRB- MANCHESTER UNITED vs Aston Villa -RRB- - 7 . Elegant on the ball , passed it well and came close to opening the scoring with a 30-yard drive that fizzed over the bar . Marcos Rojo was elegant on the ball and passed it well as Manchester United won at Old Trafford . DEF - Phil Jagielka -LRB- EVERTON vs Southampton -RRB- - 7 . Scored what turned out to be the winner and commanded the side to an important win . Phil Jagielka -LRB- right -RRB- high fives fellow team of the day player Howard during Everton 's 1-0 victory . DEF - Nacho Monreal -LRB- ARSENAL vs Liverpool -RRB- - 7 . Solid defensive display , up against Lazar Markovic and Philippe Coutinho . Arsenal 's Nacho Monreal put in a solid defensive display against Liverpool at the Emirates . MID - Willian -LRB- CHELSEA vs Stoke City -RRB- - 7.5 . A handful for Stoke as he , Oscar and Hazard linked up well to create chances in the first half , though they were never taken . Never short of a run . Willian runs with the ball during Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke City at Stamford Bridge . MID - Joey Barton -LRB- West Bromwich Albion vs QUEENS PARK RANGERS -RRB- - 8 . Name sung loud by travelling fans at the final whistle , in recognition of a fine display capped by a goal in added time to give this win an emphatic 4-1 scoreline . Joey Barton was rightly praised for his efforts in QPR 's emphatic 4-1 win over West Brom . MID - Ander Herrera -LRB- MANCHESTER UNITED vs Aston Villa -RRB- - 8.5 . To think there was a time when he could n't get a game . Passing was excellent and his two goals were thoroughly deserved . Ander Herrera 's passing was excellent and his two goals were thoroughly deserved at Old Trafford . MID - Mesut Ozil -LRB- ARSENAL vs Liverpool -RRB- - 7.5 . Produced silky touches and a brilliant free-kick for the second which put Arsenal in control . Mesut Ozil produced silky touches and a brilliant free-kick for the second which put Arsenal in control . MID - Eden Hazard -LRB- CHELSEA vs Stoke City -RRB- - 8.5 . A live wire . Master of the one-two and creating chances . Ultimately kept his cool from the spot to give Chelsea a much-needed lead before Adam 's equaliser . Did n't look tired , despite his weariness during international break . Assisted the winning goal . Eden Hazard looked every bit a Premier League winner as Chelsea beat Stoke at home on Saturday . FWD - Loic Remy -LRB- CHELSEA vs Stoke City -RRB- - 7.5 . Looked a worthy replacement for Costa as he twice went close to giving Chelsea the lead in the opening seven minutes . Scored in the second half when Mourinho really needed it , and it was deserved . Loic Remy looked a worthy replacement for Diego Costa as he scored and was a menace against Stoke .