He could have put it anywhere really . Stuck it away simply , without too much fuss . Yes , there was a goalkeeper still to beat but running straight on to the target , not a blue shirt in range , the odds were most certainly with Luis Suarez . Yet every great player has a showman inside and the Uruguayan is no exception . His finish -- curled into the top corner , right-footed , inch perfect , yet explosive -- was a moment of pure pleasure , a flourish that will not be forgotten . It was also Barcelona 's third -- probably the goal that puts this tie beyond reach . Here was a goal-scorer at the top of his game , playing for a club that now brings the best out of him . If there ever was a battle of egos at Barcelona , it is over and football has won . Luis Suarez scores his second goal , sending Paris Saint-Germain keeper Salvatore Sirigu the wrong way , to make it 3-0 to Barcelona . Suarez nutmegs David Luiz for the second time as he eases past the Brazilian defender on his way to another stunning strike . Former Chelsea defender Luiz is left dejected after being embarrassed by Suarez for the second time on Wednesday evening . Suarez -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates his goal as PSG 's players are left dejected after being unable to stop the Uruguayan . PSG -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Sirigu 6 ; Van der Wiel 5.5 , Marquinhos 6.5 , Silva 5.5 -LRB- Luiz 21 , 5.5 -RRB- , Maxwell 6 ; Rabiot 6 -LRB- Lucas 65 , 5 -RRB- , Cabaye 5 , Matuidi 7 ; Lavezzi 5.5 , Cavani 5.5 , Pastore 6 . Subs not used : Douchez , Camara , Bahebeck , Digne , Kimpembe . Goals : Neymar 18 , Suarez 67 , 79 . Bookings : Cabaye , 36 . Manager : Laurent Blanc 6 . BARCELONA -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Ter Stegen 6 ; Montoya 6 -LRB- Montoya 80 -RRB- , Pique 6.5 , Mascherano 8 , Alba 6.5 ; Busquets 7 , Rakitic 5.5 -LRB- Mathieu 74 , 5 -RRB- , Iniesta 6 -LRB- Xavi 53 , 6 -RRB- ; Suarez 8.5 , Messi 6.5 , Neymar 7.5 . Subs not used : Bravo , Pedro , Rafinha , Bartra . Bookings : Pique , Messi . Manager : Luis Enrique 7 . Man of the Match : Luis Suarez . Referee : Mark Clattenburg -LRB- England -RRB- 7 . Stadium : Parc de Princes . BY ADAM CRAFTON . Lionel Messi is playing with joy again , and bringing the best out of Neymar and Suarez , too . The Catalans have scored more goals than any Champions League team away from home this season -- and all have come from their forward trio . Suarez has 11 goals in his last 11 games for Barcelona , and six in six in the Champions League . Liverpool fans will not enjoy hearing this , but he seems at home . So maybe it has something to do with the players after all . Suarez was n't schooled in tiki-taka or the Barcelona way , but the combination of an energetic high pressing game married to quite gorgeous technique and invention fits him like a glove . As Barcelona 's old boss , Pep Guardiola , struggled with his new group against Porto , Barcelona marched on , their philosophy enduring beyond coaches or academies . They buy great players , and these players often do great things . That is the Barcelona way too . Paris St-Germain got a late and lucky consolation goal that some will feel keeps this tie competitive , but for those of a more earthbound persuasion it is hard to see it as anything but over . Suarez killed it with his two goals leaving PSG to seek a 3-0 win at the Nou Camp inside 90 minutes to progress . And they have n't got nil in them -- not against this trio . David Luiz was Suarez 's victim here , and he took chunks out of his reputation , without so much as a baring of teeth . For once , though , sympathy was with the Brazilian . A hamstring injury was due to keep him out for a month -- and that was just 10 days ago . Shorn of key individuals by injury and suspension , Laurent Blanc started with Luiz on the bench -- and was forced to promote him to the action after 21 minutes when Thiago Silva limped out of the game . Barcelona were already ahead by then and instantly one feared for Luiz against opponents with such flair and movement . It took a while , but eventually those fears were realised . Luiz , to his credit , was up for it -- he just was n't up to it , which is different entirely . Suarez would have known that , and known Luiz 's defensive frailties even when fit from his time in the Premier League , and the way the goals were scored suggested he had no compunction capitalising on it either . Suarez scores his first goal of the night to make it 2-0 to Barcelona after bustling past three PSG defenders . Suarez nutmegs Luiz wide on the right touchline on his way to scoring Barcelona 's second goal of the evening . Suarez runs away to celebrate his goal as he joined by his ecstatic team-mate Neymar , who had earlier made it 1-0 to Barcelona . Suarez is mobbed by his jubilant Barcelona team-mates after his first goal as they enjoy their trip to France . Basically , to get nut-megged once is unfortunate ; to have it happen twice suggests someone is trying to make you look a twit . This was street football -- and not for the first time Luiz was cast as the plaything of a hapless gamer . What skill by Suarez , though . Collecting the ball on the right flank , he turned and put it through Luiz 's legs , leaving him helpless and unable to recover . Suarez then held off two PSG players as he darted through the tightest of gaps into the penalty area , finishing past an equally defeated keeper Salvatore Sirigu . His next was even better . Through the middle , charging directly at Luiz , embarrassing him with a nutmeg again , before finishing in style , an absolute gem of a goal . It is hard to imagine how , even with the fillip of Gregory van der Wiel 's deflected shot , PSG can claw this back . Blanc 's team have enormous spirit as Chelsea discovered and held their end up here , too , but Barcelona simply have too much class . They took their chances and PSG did not -- a fatal flaw with the odds already stacked against them . Neymar -LRB- centre -RRB- opens the scoring for Barcelona after just 18 minutes with a side-foot shot into the bottom right hand corner of the goal . Neymar celebrates his fourth Champions League goal in eight matches this season by putting the ball under his shirt . Neymar is mobbed by Barcelona team-mate Messi , who provided the assist for the Brazilian 's goal . Barcelona worked the ball well for Neymar to open the scoring - CLICK HERE to read our brilliant match zone from the game . Edinson Cavani was the prime culprit and he had a night of clumsy control and missed opportunity when it mattered most . Javier Pastore , too . Eric Cantona says that he is the best player in the world , better than Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo -- but not all of Eric 's statements are shot through with wisdom . Pastore set the tone for PSG in front of goal , by making a hash of their first chance of the night . When they did finally score it was only because a tame shot by Van der Wiel took a spiteful deflection off substitute Jeremy Mathieu . Barcelona started well and could have gone ahead when Messi hit a post with a curling 20-yard shot after 14 minutes . It served as a warning and four minutes later Barcelona went ahead . The move began , as so many do , with Sergio Busquets breaking up play . From there , Barcelona countered with terrifying speed , Messi feeding Neymar , who finished astutely with only Sirigu to beat . He could have had another after 26 minutes when a fine jinking run forced a good save . Javier Pastore fluffs his lines as he misses a brilliant chance to put PSG 1-0 up against the run of play . Gregory van der Wiel 's -LRB- left -RRB- late deflected effort gave PSG a glimmer of hope ahead of the second leg next week . Shortly before half-time the Italian was needed again , when Luiz took on too much sweeping up at the back and was caught in possession by Suarez . He curled a shot which Sirigu plucked out of the air , the last time he would get the better of their exchanges . Not everything Barcelona does is beautiful , however . Jordi Alba 's dive under pressure from Thiago Silva after five minutes was deeply unimpressive and deserved a booking . Mark Clattenburg , the referee , ducked out of that one , although he did later book Messi . One to tell the grandkids , no doubt , although they might be more interested in a retelling of Suarez 's goals . Edison Cavani -LRB- centre -RRB- sees his diving header fly wide of the target as Barcelona keeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen is left helpless . Laurent Blanc and his coaching staff react after seeing PSG struggle to contain Barcelona in the Parc de Princes . England manager Roy Hodgson -LRB- left -RRB- poses for a picture with a fan at the Parc des Princes before kick off . French Prime Minister Manuel Valls -LRB- left -RRB- speaks with former President Nicolas Sarkozy in the stands .