Two kayakers died , and another remains hospitalized in serious condition , after a sudden Seattle storm with 35mph winds overturned their boats during a church-organized trip . Mandi L. Walkley , 39 , and Jacob M. Austin , 52 , were in the Dungeness Bay , where swells were as high as 3ft , for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the Coast Guard . Both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals . William D. Kelley , 50 , who was also rescued by the Coast Guard , has improved from critical to serious condition . His pastor , Bill Bowers , said Kelley is ` not able to speak at the moment ' . Mandi L. Walkley , 39 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Jacob M. Austin , 52 , -LRB- right -RRB- died after a sudden storm in Washington 's Dungeness Bay hit their church kayaking trip . ` He 's got a tube down his throat , ' Bowers , who is with the Mountain View Church in Tumwater , told the Seattle Times . ` But I 've talked with his wife , and they 're hopeful . He 's squeezing their hands and blinking at them . ' Fellow kayaker William D. Kelley , 50 , remains hospitalized . His condition has improved from critical to serious . Walkley , Austin and Kelley were part of a group of seven people who set out on Saturday for an excursion along Washington 's Dungeness Spit . According to Sgt. Lyman Moores of Clallam County Sheriff 's Office , forecasts had predicted there would be stormy weather the day of the scheduled trip a week ago and that an advisory had been issued a day before . ` No one should 've been out there in a kayak , ' he said on Sunday . But , according to fellow kayaker Dennis Caines , the terrible weather ` came up all of a sudden ' and took the group by surprise . ` We were n't ready for it , ' he said . And a video the friends took during the trip shows that the weather was calm as they paddled to the New Dungeness Lighthouse for a lunch break , according to King 5 News . Caines and the group left the lighthouse around 1.30 pm . He told King 5 that within 10 minutes of the wind picking up , he and his wife Linda ` could n't see anybody or another kayaker anywhere ' . The couple , who were riding in a tandem kayak , and two other people with the group paddled safely back to shore . Walkley , Austin and Kelley were stranded in the water for one to two hours before they were rescused by the Coast Guard . They had been part of a group of seven that were kayaking along the Dungeness Spit -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Dennis Caines , who was also on the trip , said the weather was calm as the group stopped at the New Dungeness Lighthouse -LRB- pictured -RRB- for lunch . But minutes after they got back in the water , the wind picked up . At around 2.30 pm , Walkley , Austin and Kelley were spotted by a lighthouse attendant , who notified the Coast Guard . The Navy also provided a rescue chopper . Caines said that everyone in the group wore life jackets , and that both he and his wife were also wearing wetsuits . According to Moores , the lifejackets were n't enough to protect the kayakers from the Bay 's cold water , which was measured at 49 degrees on the day of the accident . Moores said that kind of temperature could shut down the human body ` in a matter of minutes ' . ` These people were n't prepared for the conditions , ' he told the Seattle Times . ` They were just wearing cotton clothes . ' But , according to Caines , the kayaks the group used were also well-outfitted . At 17-feet long , they had rudders , which help keep the boat straight during waves and winds , as well as rain skirts and pumps designed to keep water out . Pastor Bowers told the Seattle Times he was unaware if the trip 's organizers had known about the storm forecast , but said ` no one on that trip would have done anything if they thought it would put them into danger ' . Caines and his wife Linda , who were riding with the group in a tandem kayak , said that within 10 minutes of the wind picking up they could n't see anyone else in their group . And Walkley 's mother Janeen said her daughter ` always took precautions ' , even leaving her own kayaks at home to use the larger kayak designed for the sea . ` Knowing Mandi , if she knew the weather was going to be that nasty , I do n't think she would 've gone , ' Janeen said . According to Caines , the group had known and liked Walkley and Austin , neither of whom were part of the Mountain View Church - which organized the trip for both members and nonmembers . ` We lost two good friends and one is struggling , ' Caines , who called Walkey ` such a beautiful person ' , told King 5 News . ` It just feels unreal , ' said Linda Caines . ` People we were friends with , that were there , and then they were n't . '