In the previews for Bruce Jenner 's much-anticipated interview with Diane Sawyer , he said that his whole life has been getting him ready for this moment - and truly , the Olympian 's changing looks over the years most certainly seem to have been building up to some kind of dramatic transformation . Since achieving fame in 1976 , when he won Olympic gold in the men 's decathlon , Bruce , now 65 , has notoriously undergone countless cosmetic procedures , from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam 's apple , many of which - including a revisionary face lift - have been documented as part of his well-known reality series Keeping Up With The Kardashians . Now sporting manicures and ponytails , the former Playgirl cover hunk has evolved from being the picture of American manliness into a favorite feminine topic of tabloid speculation . Scroll down for video . Moving with the times : Bruce Jenner 's face has changed dramatically over the years , and the star has finally spoken out about speculation that he is transitioning . He confirmed this is the last time he will appear as Bruce before becoming ` her ' After taking home the gold , Bruce was a national hero - and a national heartthrob . Muscles bulging , the athletic champ quickly became the media 's darling , and appeared in a variety of advertisements , including a Wheaties box cover , as well as many magazine covers . In 1982 , he famously posed shirtless on the cover of Playgirl magazine alongside then-wife Linda Thompson , now 64 , epitomizing the manly ideal of a strong athlete with a hairy chest . But underneath that uber-masculine exterior , Bruce confirms , he was already looking to transition from a man to a woman . Boyhood flashback : Bruce shows no hint of his future penchant for pony tails in his closely cropped high school yearbook photo in 1968 . Crossing the finish line : The former athlete has n't looked like the Olympian who won gold , here in 1976 , for years . While competing in the iconic sporting event , Bruce was known for his bulging muscles and athletic physique . Body hair gone : Since this hairy-legged high jumper competed in Canada in 1976 , he has reportedly undergone numerous electrolysis treatments , and photos from the 1975 Pan Am Games show a much more hirsute physique . He told Diane Sawyer that in the mid-1980s , he started hormone therapy and was undergoing electrolysis to rid himself of his ` repulsive ' facial hair , and had already gone under the knife in a bid to make himself look more like a woman . In 1984 , he got what his future step-daughter Kim Kardashian would later describe as an ` ill-advised ' nose job and facelift . He had also noticeably begun thinning out his eyebrows , which only made him look like a better-groomed metrosexual . In fact , Bruce had even been considering getting gender reassignment surgery - until , divorced from Linda Thompson , he began dating his future wife Kris Jenner , known as the matriarch-turned-momager of the Kardashian clan , and changed his mind . Swingin ' 70s hunk : As an athlete who gained national recognition in the 1970s , Bruce , shown here in 1978 , once oozed masculine sex appeal . His eyes have barely changed , but Bruce is now virtually unrecognizable as the testosterone-fueled man pictured here in 1981 . 1980s : The buff Olympic hero evolved from scruffy athlete to polished celebrity as he cleaned up his hairstyle and began thinning his eyebrows . He is seen far right in 1985 . 1990s : Before the end of the decade , Bruce admitted that he had at least six procedures on his face , including nose jobs and face lifts . 2000s : Bruce 's hair got shorter and his skin got smoother as Keeping Up With The Kardashians propelled his family to superstardom . 2010s : The TV patriarch pierced his ears and grew his hair longer again as the naughties past . But though he put a hold on his plans to live his life as a transgender woman , Bruce continued to play with his appearance throughout the 1990s . During the first few years of his marriage to Kris , Bruce 's appearance remained much the same , although he would sometimes let his hair grow out a bit longer , which only served to draw more attention to the numerous cosmetic surgeries Bruce is known to have undergone during this time . Before the year 2000 , the former Olympian admitted that he had undergone at least six procedures on his face , including nose jobs and face lifts . ` If you Google my name , the worst plastic surgeries of all time or whatever it is ... they 've compared me to Michael Jackson , ' he once said . So in 2009 , Bruce went under the knife again , ostensibly to ` correct ' his previous procedures , a process which was documented closely on Keeping Up With The Kardashians . Pictured here in 1982 in costume , Bruce was still considered the height of manliness at this time , having won a gold medal and appeared on the cover of Playgirl . Pearly whites : Jenner has also gotten and maintained a fantastic set of teeth , even more perfect in 2014 , right , than they were decades ago . In 2009 Bruce had a revisionary face lift . He is seen , left , in 2007 and , right , with a smoother jawline in 2013 . Indeed , fans of the reality show have continued to watch as Bruce 's appearance has changed more and more since the show premiered in 2007 . When the family rose to a previously uncharted level of reality show fame , Bruce adapted to his new Hollywood lifestyle , often showcasing an orange-toned tan while appearing on the red carpet , and even piercing his ears in 2011 . But as his marriage to Kris began to fall apart , the former star athlete gradually started revisiting his old desires to transition . His simple gold studs were switched out for diamonds , his hair grew down to his shoulders , and , in 2014 , he began going out in public with colorful , perfectly-pampered manicures . Ear-ily feminine : Bruce made headlines when he pierced both of his ears in 2011 ; in 2012 -LRB- pictured here -RRB- , he upgraded from simple gold studs to flashy diamonds . January 2012 : Ellen Pierson , who married Kris Jenner 's ex-husband Robert Kardashian , claimed Bruce had been a cross-dresser ` for years ' . She claimed his first wife Chrystie Crownover told her he had a penchant for women 's clothing , shoes and lingerie . That same month , Star magazine alleged that Kris was unfazed by her husband 's odd habit and that he continued to cross-dress for years after their 1991 wedding . January 2014 : The Olympic gold medalist reportedly underwent a laryngeal shave to flatten his Adam 's apple . May 2014 : Bruce refused to cut his long hair for Kim Kardashian 's wedding , despite pressure from the bride and his estranged wife Kris Jenner . August 2014 : Photos appeared to show Bruce had breasts , sparking rumors he was having hormone therapy as he explored the idea of transitioning from male to female . September 2014 : As his divorce from Kris was being finalized , Bruce started growing out his hair and shaving his legs . November 2014 : He was spotted on various occasions wearing nail polish , a sports bra , and Spanx . January 2015 : When asked about her step-father 's changing appearance , Kim Kardashian said he was on a ` journey ' and added : ` He 'll share whenever the time is right . ' February 2015 : TMZ reported that Bruce told his family that he has known he was meant to be a female since the age of five . March 2015 : People magazine claims Bruce 's ex-wives Chrystie Crownover and Linda Thompson knew how he felt and both were supportive . The same month he had rhinoplasty to give himself a more feminine nose . March 31 : It was claimed Bruce had had breast implants . April 6 : ABC News announced that Bruce would do a ` far-ranging ' interview with Diane Sawyer . April 24 : Bruce finally confirms his gender transition , telling Sawyer : ` I am a woman . ' From 2012 -LRB- left -RRB- to 2013 -LRB- right -RRB- , Bruce grew his hair longer and began being pictured with glossy lips . Bruce experimented with other coifs in the late 1980s and early 1990s as well , opting for a slightly lengthier look , for example , at the 1989 Country Music Awards -LRB- left -RRB- . At this point , Jenner revealed , he was already taking hormones and had done electrolysis . Transition underway : The gold medalist revealed a suspiciously smooth chest , legs , and arms during a trip to Greece with his family in 2013 -LRB- right -RRB- , a marked change from the hairy , muscular man pictured during a Sports Illustrated shoot in 1980 -LRB- left -RRB- . Changing body : In March , Bruce sparked further speculation about his plans to transition , when he was pictured with what appeared to be breasts , just a few months after it was reported that he had undergone a breast augmentation . In the spotlight : Discussion about Bruce 's long hair and full lips has been increasing for months leading up to his interview with Diane Sawyer . This grab from Keeping up with the Kardashians was filmed last fall . While his go-to ponytail and bright nail polish are only superficial , if shocking , changes , Bruce has n't abandon the use of surgical procedures . He notably had his Adam 's Apple shaved down in 2014 , first sparking widespread rumors that he would come out as transgender . Since then , rumors have circulated he has gotten lip fillers and breast implants - both of which can possibly be seen in recent photos of the television star - in order to more completely transition into living his life as a woman .