Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl outside a KFC in Birmingham . A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after an 18-year-old was stabbed to death in a scuffle outside KFC . Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl which also left a 19-year-old in a critical condition . Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield , Birmingham , shortly after 5 pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing . When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers . A murder investigation has been launched and police were alerted to the fact that Mr Mbye had been dropped off outside Queen Elizabeth Hospital in a white Audi which then sped off . The car was later found by police abandoned in Hickman Gardens , Ladywood . An 18-year-old man from Birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody . Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them . Forensic teams have sealed off part of Bristol Road South in order to search for clues . Tributes for the 18-year-old from the Lee Bank area have been flooding in with many describing it as a ` tragic loss of life ' . Dee Webb said : ` Awful news . . what is happening to our children . . another mother is grieving today for her son . . This has got to stop . . my thoughts are with you all ... r.i.p. ' And Liz Goodman said : ` What a terrible thing to happen and what a waste of a life . Rip to young Sheriff & thoughts are with his family & friends . '' Tracie Coles said : ` So sad , RIP . This knife crime is getting worse another life taken too soon . '' Police were called to a KFC restaurant -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Northfield , Birmingham , shortly after 5 pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing . When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers . A post mortem will take place later today to determine the precise cause of death . Detective Inspector Harry Harrison , from West Midlands Police said : ` My condolences go to the family of Sheriff who are heartbroken at losing their loved one . ` I would like to reassure them that many people who were in the area at the time responded admirably to the terrible situation which confronted them . Both victims were tended to , details of possible people or vehicles involved were relayed to police and vital clues were guarded . Their assistance has been invaluable to our investigation . Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are currently trying to identify them . ` I 'd also thank those people who have helped us so far and ask that others follow their lead by doing the right thing . If you were in the area at the time , and you have not yet spoken to police , please do so now . ` You may have seen the actual stabbings or the argument and scuffle beforehand . You could have possibly seen the Audi arriving at the scene or racing away after the attack . If you did , you need to call us immediately . ` This will have been a very frightening situation to witness but we are very experienced at supporting people who are worried about giving information . ' Anyone with relevant information should call police on 101 . Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .