A run-down car park has been bought for £ 3million by the National Trust - because it offers one of Britain 's most spectacular views . The tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales , voted the UK 's number one beach , the third best in Europe , and 9th best in the world by TripAdvisor . Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles , surrounded by the rolling Welsh hills in the picture-perfect vista . This tatty tarmac car park has been snapped up for £ 3m by the National Trust - because it has one of Britain 's most spectacular views over the beach at Rhossili on the Gower in South Wales . Now the rundown parking spot has been snapped up by the heritage organisation which normally looks after the UK 's best buildings and landscapes . National Trust manager Paul Boland defended spending the hefty sum to buy the car park from private landowners with the aim of improving it . He said : ` We want to ensure that we provide Gower with a first-class car park for a first-class destination . We believe this will secure the future of a very important area of natural beauty , renowned for its wildlife , environment and archaeology , as well as ultimately bringing better facilities at this world-renowned tourist location . ' Picture-perfect vista overlooks miles of golden sands at Rhossili - voted the UK 's number one beach , third best in Europe , and 9th best in the world by TripAdvisor . The beautiful piece of coastline is a favourite with location scouts and has been the setting for Doctor Who along with a host of car TV adverts . Day-long charges will be £ 4 - an increase of 50p from the existing charge but with a new £ 2 two-hour charge . National Trust members will be able to park for free from today . The beach at Rhossili is a favourite with TV executives and has been the setting for Doctor Who along with a host of car adverts . The Trust hope the new facilities may be added to help provide for the thousands who regularly make a pilgrimage to Rhossili . Mr Boland added : ` We will consider other facilities that are harmonious with the outstanding beauty of this unique part of the world . ' The car park will open under the National Trust , which already owns a large section of the coastline including Rhossili Beach and the Worm 's Head islands , this weekend . The ugly car park and pot-holed tarmac was previously owned by a private landowners who sold it off to the National Trust for £ 3million . National Trust manager Paul Boland defended the hefty sum paid for the land saying he wanted to ensure Gower had a ` first-class car park for a first-class destination ' The Trust now aims to improve a car park with the best scenery in the land for tourists visiting the tip of the Gower peninsula for the glorious Welsh views . The new car park will open under the National Trust , already owns a large section of the coastline including Rhossili Beach and the Worm 's Head islands , this weekend .