The study 's lead researcher said the results are a ` surprise ' , but it 's no excuse to pile on the pounds . For years we have been told that the first step to staying healthy is to keep to a healthy weight - that means making sure your Body Mass Index -LRB- BMI -RRB- is within the normal range of 18 to 24 . Few people are advised to gain weight , unless their BMI is below 18 , but could that change ? A study published last week suggests that overweight people are less likely to develop dementia . The researchers , drawn mostly from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , analysed the medical records of nearly two million people for up to ten years and found that those who were overweight -LRB- with a BMI of 25 to 29 -RRB- had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy BMI . Remarkably the obese -LRB- with a BMI of 30 plus -RRB- did even better ; they were 24 per cent less likely to develop dementia . Being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent . Dr Nawab Qizilbash , a clinical epidemiologist and the lead researcher , called the results a ` surprise ' , but said it was no excuse to pile on the pounds : ` This is a robust and reliable study that opens up an avenue in the search for factors that protect against Alzheimer 's . ' But these results are not that extraordinary . Three years ago , an even larger study , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , reported that overweight people tended to live longer than those of normal weight . The study analysed 100 trials involving three million people . It found that being overweight -LRB- a BMI between 25 and 29 -RRB- reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI . More surprising was that even if someone was at the lower end of obese -LRB- BMI of 30 to 34.5 -RRB- their risk of premature death did n't go up . Being obese started to reduce lifespan only when your BMI went above 35 - here the risk of dying earlier climbed to 29 per cent greater than those with a normal BMI , according to the study , headed by Dr Katherine Flegal , of the U.S. government Centres for Disease Control . So could being cuddly fat , rather than hugely overweight , protect you against dying early ? Being overweight -LRB- a BMI between 25 and 29 -RRB- reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent . Professor David Haslam , a GP and chairman of the National Obesity Forum , says something called the obesity paradox is at work : ` Obesity increases your chances of developing disorders such as heart disease and type 2 diabetes but once you 've fallen ill , being a bit overweight seems to have a protective effect . ` The obesity paradox had been called ` surreal and unsettling ' , but it does seem to be real . We need to understand it . ' Malcolm Kendrick , a GP and author with an interest in obesity , claimed in his recent book Doctoring Data that being overweight was beneficial . He is suspicious of the word ` paradox ' when used with a medical hypothesis : ` It is usually a way of describing something that contradicts your theory . For instance , people who believe high cholesterol causes heart disease use the phrase ` cholesterol paradox ' to explain why countries with high levels of cholesterol have low levels of heart disease . They should admit their theory is wrong . ' He says that what counts as a normal or ` healthy ' BMI has been miscalculated : ` It would make sense if normal was what is now called overweight . ' Millions would then not be pushed into losing weight when they did not need to or when it might be harmful . The number of Britons who go on a diet in any given year . These ` paradoxical ' results suggest that BMI is too crude a tool on its own to make decisions about what a healthy weight is . It can misclassify athletes packed with muscle as overweight or even obese . Equally , current BMI categories give the wrong picture for what might be called the ` fit fat ' ; people who may have a lot of fat but also eat well and exercise regularly . Their BMI may classify them as obese , but other markers -LRB- blood sugar , fat levels in their blood and blood pressure -RRB- can all be in the super healthy range . Apparently healthy-weight people with little muscle mass because they rarely exercise also make BMI an unreliable indicator of health because rather than storing their fat under the skin , they may carry it in their abdomen , wrapped around their organs and pumping out chemical messengers and hormones linked to diabetes , heart disease and cancer . A tape measure is said to be one way to spot if you have this dangerous fat , but leading obesity expert Professor Arya Sharma , chair in obesity research and management at the University of Alberta , disagrees : ` A tape measure still wo n't tell you whether your stomach fat is unhealthy . Symptoms such as hypertension , diabetes or sleep apnoea are far more informative . ' Current BMI categories give the wrong picture for what might be called the ` fit fat ' All this suggests it is not a good idea to advise someone to lose weight just on their BMI . Professor Haslam says : ` I 'd never do that ; I 'd need to know about their diet , how much they exercise , what their blood pressure and blood glucose levels were . ' He welcomes the latest Alzheimer 's and obesity research because it should make people more aware of the complexities of the fat debate : ` We 've got too stuck in the idea that when it comes to weight , one size fits all . ' Why fatter people should be better protected from Alzheimer 's is guesswork , but evidence suggests having more fat reserves when you fall ill is associated with better recovery . ` Heavier people have better survival rates , ' says Dr Flegal . ` If you get pneumonia and lose 15 lb , it helps to have 15 lb spare ' . Fat is a vital source of the energy needed for recovery and also helps the immune system . Professor Haslam says : ` Those who are elderly or suffering from long-term conditions should be advised to become fitter , but not to lose weight . ' One of Dr Flegal 's fiercest critics is Professor Walter Willett , chair of nutrition at Harvard School of Public Health . He , too , is concerned that BMI does not provide the whole picture of someone 's health but has described Dr Flegal 's research as ` rubbish ' . He is particularly worried her claims could ` undermine public policies to curb rising obesity rates ' . He says they could be ` hijacked by special interest groups such as soft drink manufacturers and food lobbies ' . There is no doubt that being obese , and to a lesser extent overweight , is linked to a raised risk of cancers , diabetes , and other chronic disorders . While you might not die prematurely , at the very least you are likely to have a poor quality of life ; diabetes complications can include blindness , ulcers and amputations . Nonetheless Professor Haslam believes the new findings can not be ignored : ` We need to use them to improve the advice and support we give to patients . It 's not right to try to discredit them for political reasons . '