England are in danger of losing their fourth Champions League spot in the coming years , as poor performances from Premier League clubs in Europe take their toll . This season , for the second time in three years , there were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the Champions League , while none of our clubs have reached the last eight in the Europa League either . And with Italian and German clubs performing significantly better this season , England could slip from their current ranking of second to a lowly fourth by the end of next season . Chelsea look dejected as they exited the Champions League in the last 16 against PSG last month . Arsenal 's Olivier Giroud punches the ground in frustration as his side suffered a defeat to Monaco . Germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than England , once 2010/11 points are discounted . If Juventus , Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible , Italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of England . Even if Italian clubs fail to reach finals , a repeat of this season would see them overtake England in third place next season . Germany is guaranteed to move ahead of England at the end of this season , while if Italian clubs continue to perform well this season and English clubs fail to reverse their slump , the Premier League could end next season out of Europe 's elite . That would see England reduced to three Champions League places for the 2017/18 season , with Serie A taking the extra place from the Premier League . UEFA 's country coefficient rankings take into account the previous five seasons ' performance by teams from each association , which means England are set to lose a huge chunk of their total at the start of next season . Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain celebrates as the Italians all but booked their place in the Europa League semis . Arsene Wenger can not hide his disappointment as Arsenal were eliminated in the last 16 yet again . David Luiz celebrates scoring at Stamford Bridge as PSG knocked Chelsea out oEurope . The 2010/11 season saw Tottenham and Chelsea reach the quarter-finals of the Champions League , while Manchester United lost in the final . Coupled with Liverpool and Manchester City reaching the last 16 of the Europa League , that earned England a massive 18.357 points , which will be knocked off the total at the start of next season . Italy and Germany will lose a significantly smaller number of points -LRB- 11.571 and 15.666 respectively -RRB- meaning that by the beginning of next season , England will have slumped to third , and be in danger of falling further . Gianluigi Buffon celebrates as Juventus took a big step towards the last four by beating Monaco in Turin . Mohamed Salah runs at the Dynamo Kiev defence as they scored late to stay in with a chance of progress . The Premier League will still be defending a lead from Serie A going into the 2015/16 campaign , although how big that is remains to be seen . Each season every association gets points depending on how well their teams do . These are then divided by the number of teams that country provided for European competition . The previous five seasons make up a country 's coefficient . How do the points work ? Each team gets two points for a win and one point for a draw , with half-points for qualifiers . Teams get a bonus point for every round they reach in the knock-out stages of the Champions League , or every round after the quarter-finals of the Europa League . Qualifying for the Champions League group stages gets you a further four bonus points , as does reaching the last 16 . With Juventus in pole position to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League , Napoli all but into the last four of the Europa League , and Fiorentina in with a chance of joining them , Italy are likely to out-score England by at least four points this season , and that margin would grow if all three Italian clubs reach the final of their respective competitions . If all three teams were to win all of their remaining games - with the exception of an all-Italian Europa League final - Italy would pick up another five points for their coefficient , narrowing the gap to just 0.095 points . With Real Madrid and Barcelona still in the Champions League that may not be very likely , but any more Italian success will narrow the gap - and if the difference is less than four points , the English clubs will be nervously looking over their shoulders . A repeat next year would then certainly result in falling behind Serie A for the first time since 2006 . And even if next season does n't see England slump to fourth , without a significant reversal in the fortunes of Premier League and Serie A clubs in the next two years , the season afterwards would see England in major trouble . So if the likes of Chelsea , Manchester United , Arsenal , Manchester City and Liverpool think fighting over the top four is a struggle , they need to start winning in Europe - or it could be down to a top three . England are set to lose their points from the 2010/11 season , when Tottenham reached the quarter finals .