Sexy lingerie brand Frederick 's of Hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations , now existing exclusively as an e-commerce brand after years of declining sales and struggling to keep up with Victoria 's Secret . The Los Angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations , with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online , The Los Angeles Times reported on Thursday . ` We no longer have store locations , ' reads the brand 's website , which goes on to note that the online store offers the same selection of products . Scroll down for video . New look : Frederick 's of Hollywood , which is known for its sexy lingerie -LRB- pictured -RRB- , has closed all of its brick-and-mortar locations . Making it work : The retailer announced on it 's website that it ` no longer ' has store locations while reminding customers that its ` online store offers the same selection of products ' ` As a company , I think they became old and stale , ' Ron Friedman , a retail expert at consulting and accounting firm Marcum , told The Los Angeles Times . ` Victoria 's Secret has been a home run compared to them . ' But Mr Friedman went on to say that Frederick 's of Hollywood Group Inc. can still be successful with careful corporate strategy . ` They have to really focus and hire people that really understand the online business , ' he noted . Founder Frederick Mellinger opened the pinup-inspired lingerie brand 's first store in Los Angeles in 1947 and went on to launch a mail order catalog in the 1960s , later adding sex toys and more risqué attire to the company 's offerings . Mr Mellinger , who famously said ` sex appeal is always in style ' , died in 1990 at the age of 76 . A decade later in 2000 , his namesake company , which once had pin-up icon Bettie Page modeling its lingerie , declared bankruptcy . After emerging from bankruptcy in 2003 , the company went public in 2006 . Party 's over : The Frederick 's of Hollywood store pictured was one of the 94 locations that have been closed . Celebrity fans : Actress Sofia Vergara -LRB- R -RRB- recently revealed that she used to buy bras for her size 32F breasts at Frederick 's of Hollywwood , while Blurred Lines dancer Emily Ratajkowski has modeled for the lingerie retailer . Star power : Emily , 23 , can be seen posing in a black corset for the sexy lingerie retailer . Two years ago the struggling brand was purchased by a consortium that includes HGI Funding , a subsidiary of New York-based Harbinger Group Inc. , and some of its own shareholders . While Frederick 's of Hollywood has changed the way it does business , one A-list celebrity has recently been reminiscing about her relationship with the brand . Modern Family star Sofia Vergara , 42 , told Vanity Fair that her size 32F breasts and tiny frame make it nearly impossible to find lingerie , so she used to frequently shop at the store when she first got her start . ` My boobs are , like , huge , ' she said in the May issue of the magazine . ` My whole life , buying a bra was a nightmare . What I used to do when I moved to LA , I found places like Frederick 's of Hollywood that make bras for streetwalkers ... I ca n't think of the word ... you know ... dancers ... strippers . Skinny girls with gigantic boobs . ' Another fan , 23-year-old Blurred Lines dancer Emily Ratajkowski , who went on to score a plum role in the 2014 thriller Gone Girl , previously modeled for the lingerie retailer .