Bayern Munich moved a step closer to a third straight Bundesliga title thanks to a 3-0 win over Eintracht Frankfurt . Robert Lewandowski boosted his own chances of winning the golden boot award at the end of his first season with Bayern , and a second in a row after finishing the league 's top-scorer with Borussia Dortmund last season , by netting two goals in a commanding victory for Pep Guardiola 's men . Bayern also had a goal disallowed and they struck the woodwork before Thomas Muller added a third , with few doubts from start to finish that they would pick up all three points once again . Robert Lewandowski fires Bayern Munich ahead against Eintracht Frankfurt on Saturday afternoon . Lewandowski flies through the air in celebration after scoring the opener during Saturday 's Bundesliga clash . The Poland international punches the air with delight maintained their advantage at the top of the table . Lewandowski bundles the ball past Frankfurt goalkeeper Kevin Trapp to double Bayern 's advantage . Lewandowski is congratulated by his Bayern Munich team-mates after scoring his second goal of the match . It was downhill all the way for Bayern after Lewandowski gave them the lead after only 15 minutes . Thomas Muller put him in position to shoot , but it took a sweet , unstoppable volley to beat Kevin Trapp into the top left-hand corner . Lewandowski could have had a second goal 10 minutes later , but Trapp reacted well to deny him . Bayern had the ball in the back of the net again shortly before half-time , but after consultation with his linesman , the referee ruled out Muller 's effort for offside , even though the ball came to him from an opponent . Bayern were again close to a second on the hour mark when Mario Gotze struck the left-hand post , with the ball rebounding out to safety . The hosts did not have long to wait for their second , though , with Gotze 's shot blocked by Makoto Hasebe , but the ball fell kindly for Lewandowski to tuck in for his 16th goal of the season . He is now just three behind Eintracht Frankfurt 's Alexander Meier . Lewandoski did not complete his hat-trick , but there was a third in the match for Bayern with Muller netting from a tight angle in the 82nd minute , setting the Bavarians up in style for their Champions League quarter-final with Porto in midweek . Frontman Thomas Muller celebrates after scoring Bayern Munich 's third goal with eight minutes to go . Bayern Munich defender Juan Bernat attempts to rob the ball from Frankfurt midfielder Stefan Aigner . Bayern Munich goalkeeper Pepe Reina makes a save during the clash and went on to keep a clean sheet .