I could n't wait to get out of Bournemouth , even though I loved the place . It was a holiday town , a place that would send you to sleep rather than drive you forward . Maybe it was the sea air ; everything always manana . Then along came Eddie Howe . His team are anything but a team to send you to sleep . They are dynamic , full of hungry players , with a point to prove . I can tell you now that wide player Matt Ritchie is a contender for my ` 10 to watch ' for next season -- he is dynamite . Eddie Howe raises his arms in triumph after Bournemouth sealed Premier League promotion . -LRB- Left-right -RRB- Brett Pitman , Yann Kermorgant , Howe , Andrew Surman and Callum Wilson celebrate . And I ca n't wait to see Callum Wilson in the top flight . He was on the back page of my Daily Mail on Tuesday morning and you can expect to see him there more often . He is like Ian Wright , an exploding champagne bottle of a player ; shake him up and watch him fizz . Howe is the man who has got them buzzing . Gary Lineker asked if we have found ` the English Special One ' , but Eddie is not the Special One . He is the Different One . Watch Eddie on the touchline and you will see he is the opposite to Mourinho . Eddie is peaceful during a game , relaxed , quiet and controlled . His extrovert assistant , Jason Tindall , provides the instructions and the demands , with Eddie making his feelings known in a calm and gentle fashion . Obviously the Barclays Premier League will bring different demands for this young man , who is still only 37 . Bournemouth 's players slide along the turf in delight after their dream came true on Monday night . We got to know each other after my dad signed him for Portsmouth in 2002 . He played only twice because of a knee injury that was similar to one that cost me my career . It eventually finished him , too , and while you do n't want to make friends through the same devastating injury , I am glad I got to know him . Some people you meet you can see are destined to be successful . He was always one of them . My dad liked him instantly and had a soft spot for him . I always thought my dad would be the king of Bournemouth , for their FA Cup giantkilling of holders Manchester United in 1984 and their promotion success when he took them into what is now the Championship . But Eddie has blown away those achievements . Lots of clubs will be admiring his progress and while he did n't enjoy his experience at Burnley when he left Bournemouth in 2011 , that wo n't stop others casting an eye in his direction . Marc Pugh -LRB- left -RRB- , Ryan Fraser and Harry Arter -LRB- right -RRB- toast the 3-0 win over Bolton that secured promotion . And why not ? He is impressive . He has a good eye for talent , makes big calls , plays young players , is forward-thinking , ambitious and looks the part -- he is a chairman 's dream . He will crave the opportunity to manage in the Premier League and will enjoy recruiting new talent . Bournemouth is a good place to bring up a family and he has also made it a good place to play . It is very different from the leaking stands and muddy pitch at Dean Court that I left behind . My childhood there was a big part of my life , cleaning Luther Blissett 's boots , training with Tony Pulis , Ian Bishop and Gerry Peyton and receiving my schooling in a football environment . But the away end had no roof and the old boys used to sit on wooden benches with cushions that they would throw at you when you were having a poor game . Jamie Redknapp believes Howe was destined for success as soon as got to know him in 2002 . Leaving for Liverpool at 17 , I could n't get away fast enough . But now I ca n't wait to get back there next season . I would never have thought all four of my clubs -- Bournemouth , Liverpool , Spurs and Southampton -- would be in the same league . Eddie Howe is the reason for that . I wonder if we are seeing an England manager in the making here .