A 10 tonne ` fatberg ' made up of congealed waste has been removed from a sewer underneath one of London 's most exclusive streets . The enormous lump , which was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes , was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break . Utility companies , including Thames Water , discovered the fatberg when local residents and businesses on Draycott Avenue and Walton Street started to complain about the rancid smell coming from the sewer . Scroll down for video . The 10 tonne fatberg , which was discovered beneath one of Chelsea 's most exclusive streets after residents complained of a rancid smell . So far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent weight of about five Porsche 911s , which weigh 1.9 tonnes each . Now a £ 400,000 repair is being carried out to repair the broken sewer and already 22 metres of new piping has been replaced with another 17 metres left to go . Stephen Hunt , project manager for Thames Water said : ` The amount of fat we 've had to remove has been staggering . ` Cheslea has done itself proud here - we see blockages all the time on household sewer pipes , which are about big enough for a cricket ball to pass through - but to have this much damage on a sewer almost a metre in diameter is mind-boggling . Thames Water , have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer , left , at a cost of £ 400,000 after it became damaged due to the fatberg . ` The original sewer has been so badly abused by fat being chucked down the plughole we 've had to opt for the time consuming and disruptive option of replacing many metres of pipe . ` I 'd urge the residents of Chelsea to consider what lurks beneath their feet - and when it comes to getting rid of fat - bin it , do n't block it . Fatbergs -- congealed fat which clumps together with other waste products to form concrete-style blocks -- are becoming increasingly problematic for the capital 's sewers . The enormous lump , which was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes , was found beneath Draycott Avenue and Walton Street in West London , pictured . London 's largest ever recorded fatberg , weighing in at 15 tonnes , was found in Kingston in August 2013 . And last year workers spent four days removing a fatberg the length of a jumbo jet from a sewer in Shepherd 's Bush . Among the most common causes of drain blockages are make-up and nappy wipes , fat and grease , chewing gum , dental floss , plasters and building debris . Staff from Thames Water usually use powerful suction equipment to break down the blockages and then high-powered water jets to clear the tunnels .