Sophie Wilson performed CPR on Bradley Wilson . A teenage girl has told how she saved the life of a childhood friend who attempted suicide after months of bullying . Sophie Wilson , 17 , performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in Willenhall , in Coventry . The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children 's Hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother Tiffany , 35 , revealed he had made a ` miracle ' recovery , as she thanked the girls . Sophie and Katie Alwill , 18 , raised the alarm and summoned help after they stumbled across the teenager during a woodland walk . ` Someone burned the rope free from the tree using a lighter , ' said Miss Wilson . ` He was n't breathing and his pulse was very weak . ` I learned CPR at school and I started doing chest compressions and mouth to mouth . ` He started breathing again but it was more snorting than breathing . ` I 'm in shock and it still has n't hit me that this actually happened . It feels like it is n't real . ' Miss Wilson revealed how Bradley had grown up in the house opposite her and they went to primary school together . ` He 's a really nice lad and I 've never heard a bad word said about him . I did n't know he was being bullied . I do n't think he told anyone . ' Ms Parkes , a mother-of-five , told yesterday how her son was making progress . ` I ca n't thank those girls enough , I dread to think what would have happened if they had n't found him , ' she reportedly told the Mirror . The mother of schoolboy Bradley Parkes , 16 , shared this picture saying : ` Hope all you b ****** s are happy my son is fighting for his life ' after his suicide attempt . ` I thought he was going to die . ' The mother-of-five shared a picture of her son in hospital last week and said he had been tormented for months by a gang . She described how her son had been robbed at knife point several times and was even slashed in the face . ` It all started in about August last year and Bradley has even been held at knifepoint , ' she told the Coventry Telegraph . ` One time he was walking from one friend 's house to another and this gang robbed all three of them . ` They even cut his face with a knife and told him not to tell people . He 's even had his hand broken . ` Every time they see him they just take everything off him . People know all about this gang and they are arrested for all sorts . ' The Manchester United fan was found unconscious in Willenhall Woods on Thursday last week . He had just passed his first course at Ernesford Grange School and was planning to go to college . His mother previously said : ` He left a suicide note saying he was taking his own life as it was easier than what he was going through . ' Ms Parkes said the bullying escalated after Bradley gave a statement to the police about the gang , who are aged between 14 and 18 . ` He 's been called a grass and all sorts , ' she said . Bradley was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through . He is now recovering from the ordeal . ` When he was held at knifepoint we decided enough was enough and went to the police . ` The other boy who was also robbed was too scared to make a statement , but Bradley wanted to . ` One of the gang members was charged and is now on remand in prison . He 's up in court next month . ` They have smashed people 's windows , vandalised people 's homes and even set fire to someone using a deodorant can and a lighter . ` It left the person with burns on their stomach . Since that , all the grass stuff started and it made Bradley 's life hell . ' She slammed West Midlands Police for failing to take her repeated complaints seriously . ` I have gone to the police lots of times but it does n't do anything . And not many people do go to the police as they are scared . I 'm running out of options , ' she said . West Midlands Police said they had launched and investigation into Bradley 's attempt to end his life . Detective Chief Inspector Helen Kirkman said : ` We recognise this is an emotive time for the school and the community . ` We are committed to finding out what may have led up to the boy taking such a sad decision and we continue to investigate offences that may have been committed against him . ` Anyone who may have any information that may assist our investigation should call us . ` Additional patrols are being carried out in the Willenhall area and we are working very closely with the school . ' For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .