A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in Washington . Authorities locked down the Suitland , Maryland campus just before 8 pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself somewhere inside after ramming the front gates . However , the shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street . Now police believe the suspect , only described as a man in his 30s or 40s , may even be tied to another shooting that occurred Thursday in the Southeast quadrant of the city . Scroll down for video . Critical : A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau was shot and critically wounded outside its headquarters in Suitland , Maryland , a suburb of Washington , D.C. Shooter : Heavily armed tactical teams swarmed to the campus amid reports the shooter had barricaded himself inside . ` This started and ended in D.C. , ' an FBI source told WUSA . The shooter tried to ram the gates before firing at the guard at least once , according to reports . The campus , built in 2006 and employing thousands , was locked down until about 9 pm as authorities unsure where the shooter had gone quickly swarmed . According to the Associated Press , the guard was shot after noticing a couple fighting in a car . He went to investigate and it cost him his life . Sharp shooters positioned themselves outside the campus as authorities sought to determine where the shooter had fled . Reports : Reports from the scene indicated that loud bangs rang out inside the campus around 8 pm , but it was n't immediately clear if they came from guns or , perhaps , from police ` flash-bang ' grenades used to disorient suspects . The guard died before 10 pm after he was taken to a Washington area hospital , NBC reported . But the gunman trail of violence continued back into DC . Witnesses say some 40 cruisers finally boxed the shooter 's green Honda in at 11th and H Streets in Northeast D.C. . The barricade caused a collision between the suspect 's car and a police cruiser , NBC reports . The suspect was shot several times . Two police officers were also wounded in the showdown , but reportedly had non-life threatening injuries .