On the pitch this season , Chelsea have been hitting their targets ... and off it , Eden Hazard and three of his Blues team-mates have been doing the same . Taking part in Audi 's football challenge , Hazard and Nathan Ake paired up to take on Loic Remy and Willian in a head-to-head challenge for the car manufacturers . In round one , the Chelsea stars aim to fire balls into the boot of a car from close range , with Hazard and Ake securing the points with a 5-3 win . One of the challenges the Chelsea players were set was to sink balls into convertible Audi 's from long range . 17-goal man Eden Hazard and youngster Nathan Ake took on Blues ' team-mates Loic Remy and Willian . From there , they take to a makeshift tennis court , where the net is replaced by a £ 127,000 Audi R8 V10 plus , and the players must play over the top of it . Once again , it is 17-goal man Hazard and his partner Ake who come up trumps , winning the decider to take a 6-0 lead after the first two rounds . It is in the final game that most points are won , as the players shoot from long range aiming to sink their footballs through the top of a convertible Audi . Hazard poses next to a £ 127,000 R8 V10 plus Audi , which played the part of tennis net in one challenge . The final challenge involved the players shooting at cars from long range , with Remy and Willian winning . Hazard throws footballs up to his team-mate Ake , who tries to fire them into the boot of an Audi . Willian and Remy redeem themselves to produce a shock win over their team-mates , but the pair were involved in the biggest misfortune of the day on their way to victory . Shown in a short clip at the very end of the video , Willian can be seen smashing the wing mirror off one of the Audi 's with a long-range effort . Team-mate Remy 's hands-on-head reaction says it all ... but we 're pretty sure he wo n't have to pay to repair the damage . Remy puts his hands on his head after watching Willian smash the wing mirror of one of the cars . Willian laughs after being allowed to drive one of the Audi 's that was part of the football challenge .