A size 28 woman who was a bridesmaid three times is celebrating shedding six stone - and is planning to walk down the aisle as a bride . Frankie Ruttledge , from Strensall , Yorkshire , weighed 18 stone 7 lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 10/12 . The 24-year-old , who has been a ` fat bridesmaid ' three times , ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast , pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years . Frankie , pictured left at her Mum 's wedding in 2010 , always thought of herself as the ` fat bridesmaid ' however she has now lost six stone and is looking forward to her own wedding . And now the Slimming World consultant is just one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time - to marry the love of her life Luke Haynes , 24 . Frankie said : ` I have always been bigger - as a child I was always the biggest in my class . I just ate rubbish and had a really poor diet . I ate a lot of pasties and sausage rolls . ` I did n't think I 'd ever be different . But then in September 2012 my sister asked me to be her bridesmaid and I promised her I would lose weight for her wedding . ` I wanted to look good for her wedding , but I just kept getting bigger and bigger - I could n't shift the weight . Frankie poses with her fiance Luke Haynes , the pair are planning to marry next year and Frankie hopes to wear a size ten dress . ` It was n't until that Christmas when my Aunty said to me she was shocked at how big I was , that it actually hit home . It was a bit of a rude awakening for me . I was mortified . ` When I lost the weight I actually sent her a card to say thank you . ` The bridesmaid dress they got for me was a size 28 - I was devastated . But in the end I fitted into a size 16 dress and I felt absolutely amazing that day . ' Frankie was the Bridesmaid for many weddings over the years , by 2013 though -LRB- left -RRB- she had begun to lose weight and wore a size 16 dress for her sister 's wedding . Frankie looks pleased as she holds up a pair of her own shorts . She has dropped from a size 22 to a size 10/12 . Frankie , who runs three Slimming World groups , was spurred on to turn her life around after a family member made a comment about how big she had gotten . And after her sister asked her to be a bridesmaid at her wedding - in May 2013 - Frankie gave it her all and watched as the pounds just seemed to drop off . Frankie joined a local Slimming World group and by changing her diet , and going to Zumba and aqua fit classes at the gym , she shed an amazing five stone in the first year . Breakfast : . Nothing . Crisps and dip as a snack later . Lunch : . A pasty or pork pie . Evening Meal : . Frozen pizza or a take away and pints of cider . Breakfast : . Yoghurt , oats and fruit . Lunch : . Stir fry or a Slimming World healthy fry up . Evening : . Homemade chilli or spaghetti bolognese . Frankie was not happy with her size and was spurred on to lose the weight by an aunt who commented that she was ` shocked ' at how big she had become . Frankie and Luke lark about with a pair of her old trousers , Frankie was previously a size 22 . And it took her another 12 months to budge the final stone - tipping the scales at a much slimmer 12 stone five pounds before Christmas . Frankie said : ` The weight came off quickly and I just stuck to it . And the more weight I lost , the more I wanted to go to the gym as I did n't want to have any loose skin . ` And now I am just a much healthier person . I will go out for a run or take the dog for a long walk . I still want to lose a bit more but weight loss is an ongoing journey . I still have to work hard at it . ` And my next goal is my own wedding in the summer - I ca n't wait to walk down the aisle as a size 10 bride . ` My mum and future mother and sister-in-law are slimming too for it so we are all doing it together . It 's great for me to see how my weight loss has had an impact on so many other people . '