While you were stuck in a traffic jam this Easter , the Rich Kids of Instagram continued their lifelong adventure across the world 's most beautiful locations , exclusive beach-side restaurants and star-studded parties . Your average package holiday wo n't do for these youngsters who travel by private jet , sleep in presidential suites , wake up to scrambled eggs topped with truffles - and spend the rest of the day lounging on a luxurious yacht . MailOnline caught up with the world 's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in Miami , New York , Marbella and Monaco to name but a few cities before indulging in their stratospheric nightlife during Spring Break . While the glamorous Scolaro sisters ` partied with A-list movie stars ' , self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades -- even when he was sunbathing on the beach . And their message to the ` haters ' remains exactly the same : ` Keep watching and enjoying . There is more to come . ' Scroll down for video . Jet-setter : ` Sometimes it 's not about where you go , but rather how you get there , ' says Marcus W.A. as he boards a £ 2 million private jet . Travel in style : For 25-year-old Andreas Arnhoff from Norway it is more about the journey - on a luxury yacht - than the destination which just so happens to be the gorgeous beaches of Miami . Glamorous : And when she needs to get to the other end of Monaco or Milan , Lana Scolaro -LRB- pictured -RRB- takes a pristine Bentley Continental . Loaded : Online trader and workaholic Tomer Sror travels light with one of his many passports , his $ 1,000 Hermes loafers and piles of cash . Businesswoman : Having grown up between New York , Monaco and London , with her sister Stephanie -LRB- right -RRB- , 20-year-old fashion designer Lana Scolaro -LRB- left -RRB- knows nothing but the jet-set lifestyle . Whether on a £ 2million Phenom E100 private jet or a brand new Bentley Continental , they travel in style . And no one does it quite like 18-year-old Marcus W.A. who ` constantly needs to be on the move ' and hates being in ` one place for two weeks ' . In the last two months alone , the native New-Yorker has flown to Costa Rica , Nantucket , Boston , The Hamptons and Switzerland , where he stayed in the famous Badrutt 's Palace and skied every single day . But not before heading down to Louis Vuitton to pick up a gold and brown document holder worth over £ 750 which has made several appearances on his opulent Instagram account . The young investor says it 's not all fun , games and champagne - telling MailOnline : ` I would n't exactly say that life is just one big holiday because while I travel I 'm not just sitting there and relaxing I 'm always networking or doing meetings . ` But the concept that life is just one long fun trip that is constantly moving around definitely can describe my mindset . ' 20-year-old Lana Scolaro and her sister Stephanie - who have been travelling back and forth between countries since they were young children - have become pretty used to the jet-setting lifestyle . Lana told MailOnline : ` We were just in LA partying with our usual crowd and a lot of the same friends we hang with in Saint Bart 's . ` We hung out at the Beverly Hills Hotel a lot with some friends who are actors we 'd prefer not to name , and went to some cool house parties in the hills . ' But Tomer Sror who describes himself as a self-made man believes vacations should be spent relaxing with a beautiful girl . He told MailOnline : ` Unlike the other kids I have had to work for the money so `` vacation '' is what I do . I ca n't just be away all the time because I 'm running a business but I still try to take time off as much as I can . ' High-fliers : While most 20-somethings would shack up in a local hostel , the jet-setting Scolaro sisters spend their vacations in Monaco in the Cafe . Scenic : And instead of hiring a cheap rental car for a cross-country road trip , Andreas Arnhoff does the trip in his Porsche Turbo before enjoying a beautiful panoramic view of Oslo fjord . Wish you were here : 20-year-old businesswoman Lana Scolaro says she travels to promote her jewellery business as much as to have an adventure . Ca n't stop : Marcus W.A. who ` constantly needs to be on the move ' used his mind-blowing trip to Machu Pichu in Peru to satisfy his need not to be ` one place for two weeks ' Playtime : After spending time in Los Angeles and London , Lana was delighted to be back in her ` playground ' of Monte Carlo . Unlike most 23-year-olds who would book into a local hostel , he spent his time between the presidential suites of the Elysium in Rhodes which set him back around £ 1,000-a-night and the Eilat in Israel which costs at least £ 500-a-night . For Lana who grew up between New York , London and Monaco , travelling both a hobby and a necessity to promote her luxury jewellery company Lana Scolaro Diamonds around the world . She said : ` In the last few months I 've invested a lot into my new up and coming Jewellery collection which involves rare sapphires , rubies , emeralds and diamonds . ' And despite his own desire to unwind and relax , even Tomer takes time away from the jet-ski and presidential suite to make a quick ' 209k profit ' . The online trader 's Instagram account is packed with huge piles of cash in different currencies and screenshots of his enormously lucrative trades . Following a post of Tomer asleep on a bed of money is a which suggests he made a staggering € 209,000 in a single day . He told MailOnline : ` Money never sleeps and too much is never enough . I admit that I work a lot . I do n't like being lazy . I 'm very motivated and always wish to grow more and expend . ' Same is the case for globe-trotting Marcus who told MailOnline : ` I would n't exactly say that life is just one big holiday because while I travel I 'm not just sitting there and relaxing I 'm always networking or doing meetings ! ' Quick round : 26-year-old Andreas Arnhoff spends his time in the United States at the glorious Miami Beach Golf Club with his friends . Soaking it in : Lana Scolaro -LRB- pictured -RRB- , prefers to spend her time working on her tan on a west-Hollywood rooftop in Los Angeles . Getting dirty : Go-karting is a no-go for native New-Yorker Marcus W.A. who enjoys a spot of dirt racing in sunny Costa Rica . Big money : Self-made Israeli businessman Tomer Sror ca n't bare to leave the office at home and manages to make a quick few hundred thousand while on vacation . Stunning : The Scolaro sisters Lana -LRB- left -RRB- and Stephanie -LRB- right -RRB- still manage to fit in a bike ride on Venice Beach in between their many meetings . Despite the extreme levels of wealth he flaunts on his social media site , the 18-year-old insists he is not out to make people jealous or infuriate the so-called ` haters ' - but to inspire people to reach higher . He said : ` To me I think anyone who takes Instagram that serious is just being silly . My followers like luxury content and inspiration to do better and when I can give that content its great . ` I hope that all my followers are happy with the content I bring to them and with every like and every comment I am motivated to keep it up . In addition , keep in mind there are certainly people out there who are crazier than me and spend much , much more and whenever I look at their pages I do n't get mad . Norwegian real-estate developer Andreas once joked that he preferred his Porsche Cayenne Turbo over his exquisite Rolls Royce ` for the comfort ' . He previously ran the marketing department in the family business and used his savings - and a little borrowed cash from the family - to buy his apartment in Oslo , Norway . He has been spending his Spring Break relaxing on his yacht in Miami harbour , enjoying Florida 's beautiful open golf courses and road-tripping across Europe in his pristine Porsche . Mile high : Marcus even relaxes in style wearing his vintage Ray Bans and expensive time piece in the back of a £ 2million personal jet . Chilling : Andreas ' choice of hang-out spot after a yacht ride and a round of golf in Miami is n't too shabby either , as he stretches his legs in the Marquis residence in Miami where apartments cost up to £ 3.2 million . Sunset cocktail : What better way to relax and watch the sunset after a busy day of business meetings in Malibu than dinner at the exclusive Nobu restaurant rooftop . Cheers : And Tomer who says he is ` unlike the other kids ' because he ` had to work for the money ' says there is nothing better than using your vacation to kick back and relax .