A family falsely claimed their three-year-old daughter had a grave heart condition in a bid to collect thousands of dollars in donations on a GoFundMe page , according to police . Joanessa Clawson , 35 , her husband James Clawson , 38 , and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre , 68 , from Marietta , Georgia , all face felony conspiracy charges . The GoFundMe page , which has now been removed , is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the Clawson family . ` I am posting this for my friend Jo Clawson whose 3-year-old daughter , Sofia , is very ill with a life threatening heart infection , ' it reads , according to an image of the page shared by KESQ . Scroll down for video . Arrested : Joanessa Clawson , left , and her husband James Clawson , right , face felony conspiracy charges after they allegedly set up a fake GoFundMe account asking for donations . ` Fake ' : They pretended to be a friend asking for money for their daughter , claiming that the girl was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery . They asked for $ 3,000 on the GoFundMe page . ` This happened 2 weeks after Sofia underwent heart surgery to repair a defect that she was born with . This fellow East Cobb family runs their own home-based business . ' When shared by KESQ , the page , entitled ` Sofia 's Medical and Family Expenses ' , had raised just $ 195 but was asking for $ 3,000 . It is not clear how much money the page eventually raised . The couple has two children , the daughter and an older son , according to their Facebook pages . Friends told the channel that they had their suspicions about the fundraiser because their stories did not seem to add up - and the couple has been accused of running scams in the past . In 2006 , they were accused by dozens of couples of accepting payments to take wedding photos in Cabazon , California but never delivering the images . Scam : Clawson 's mother Patti Ann Baldassarre posed as a nurse to back up the couple 's story . Speaking to KESQ , neighbors said they tried to alert police to the fake page months ago . ` There were tons of red flags and there were tons of people in the community who reached out just for the sake of her kids , ' Sandra May said . ` And nothing was done . ' When they voiced their suspicions , Mrs Clawson allegedly produced a note from a doctor providing the donors a number for a nurse if they had any concerns . But the number on the letter allegedly led to Baldassarre 's phone , and the doctor named in the letter had retired years earlier , according to KESQ . After a teacher leaned of the page , she asked Cobb County School Police to check in on the three-year-old daughter and discovered that the child was in fact healthy . The trio was arrested on felony conspiracy charges . Mrs Clawson is also charged with felony theft by deception , while her husband faces an additional charge of misdemeanor obstruction of a law enforcement officer . He posted $ 5,000 bail but his wife remains behind bars on $ 10,000 bond and her mother is held on $ 2,500 bond . In 2006 , more than 20 couples said they never received wedding photos despite paying the couple . Arrested : Mrs Clawson , pictured left and right with her older child , was arrested after a teacher asked police to check on the wellbeing of the three-year-old daughter and found she was fine , according to reports . Home : The couple moved to Marietta , Georgia -LRB- pictured -RRB- after allegedly running a wedding photography business in California - but they allegedly failed to give their clients photos after they were paid . They also accused them of stealing other photographers ' work and claiming it was their own in order to promote their business . ` Hired Joanessa Clawson for July 2006 wedding in Los Angeles . Takes great photos but no where to be found once the wedding is over , ' one enraged client wrote online in 2006 . ` Once they get your check Joanessa and her husband , James , will make every excuse in the book on why you have n't received your photos !! -LRB- i.e. Joanessa has health problems from a stroke to the flu to a heart attack , FEDEX is to blame , they have other weddings to tend to etc -RRB- . ` She may be more affordable than other photographers but in the end , you definitely get what you pay for , nothing . ' KESQ reported that some of the clients took the Clawsons to court and won financial judgments . See below for video .