Inter owner Erick Thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the ` eyes of the world ' would be fixed on the 214th Derby della Madonnina . By the end of the first half , the gaze had probably focused elsewhere . While a rivalry like this one can capture the imagination of a city - and there is no doubting by the build up that Milan had been hit by derby fever - it takes a concoction of quality , intensity and passion to hold the attention of the average neutral . Not all elements were present at the San Siro . A goalless first half had produced the odd burst of quality , but little intensity . A goalless second provided little more . Former Chelsea defender Alex sees his attempt blocked by Inter keeper Samir Handanovic , in one of the game 's few clear-cut chances . Philippe Mexes thought he had scored an own goal , as did his keeper Diego Lopez , but it was ruled out and the game remained goalless . Suso steps away from Inter forward Rodrigo Palacio as both sides showed endeavour , but very little quality . Suso jumps for the ball as Juan Jesus watches on , as the two sides struggled to create clear chances . Inter : Handonvic , Jesus , Vidic , Ranocchia , D'Ambrosio , Kovacic -LRB- Shaqiri 77 -RRB- , Medel , Gnoukouri -LRB- Obi 67 -RRB- , Hernanes , Palacio , Icardi . Booked : Jesus , Medel , D'Ambrosio , Hernanes . Milan : Lopez , Mexes , Abate , Antonelli , Alex -LRB- Paleta 70 -RRB- , Poli -LRB- Cerci 81 -RRB- , Van Ginkel , De Jong , Menez , Suso -LRB- Destro 73 -RRB- , Bonaventura . Booked : De Jong , Abate . There was plenty of passion on show , but that was largely displayed by both sets of supporters . That both sides are struggling was obvious from the pre-match build up . The painstaking effort put into pre-match choreographies of both Inter 's Curva Nord and Milan 's Curva Sud emphasised that this was no ordinary derby . There was much riding on it . This was their season in a nutshell . And so it proved on the pitch . A wayward pass from former Cardiff City man Gary Medel after just 51 seconds set the tone , his searching long ball falling straight into the hands of Milan keeper Diego Lopez , with umpteen other options on . There were glimmers of the potential Roberto Mancini 's Inter possess . Hernanes almost lit up the occasion with a wicked left-footed shot that had to be beaten away by Diego Lopez as it threatened his top corner . Mateo Kovacic attempted something similar three minutes later , only his effort failed to find the target . There was insight into why both sides are languishing in mid-table this season too . Juan Jesus ' momentary blip saw him almost turn Jeremy Menez 's cross into his own net , while Lopez was almost caught on the ball by Mauro Icardi . These are the unnecessary nervy moments that the top teams tend to avoid . Milan 's chances were few , Suso providing Samir Handanovic with his first action of the game after 20 minutes , a routine stop from a stinging shot after the Liverpool loanee cut in from the right . At the other end Inter 's front two of Rodrigo Palacio and Icardi huffed and puffed , but to no avail . Philippe Mexes and Alex continued to trump the hosts ' attack with their experience , last ditch tackles and interceptions halting them at every turn . Both under-pressure managers , Filippo Inzaghi -LRB- left -RRB- and Roberto Mancini , gesticulate as their sides struggle to find a way through . Despite the disappointing seasons both sides are experiencing , the atmosphere was electric in the San Siro . As expected though , there was no lack of enthusiasm on the pitch . Gary Medel has n't mellowed a bit since his move from Cardiff to Inter last summer . He continued to fly into tackles , picking up a booking for a foul on Suso . Another usual suspect joined him in the book just after the half hour mark as Nigel de Jong was cautioned after scything down Kovacic as the Inter midfielder tried to launch a counter attack . Jesus continued to prove a source to be exploited for Milan , his lack of concentration allowing Suso to nip in and start another foray into the Inter area , this time Handanovic dealt with Menez 's low cross . There was no lack of bite from either side , and it proved a baptism of fire for 18-year-old Assane Demoya Gnoukouri , the midfielder making his first ever start for the Nerazzurri following just 11 minutes against Hellas Verona last week . He did himself no harm , showing plenty of nice touches and never looked overawed by the occasion . His warm reception as he came off just after the hour mark was well-deserved . He 'll have plenty more derby days ahead of him . Inter fans light fireworks in the stands as they two sets of fans attempted to inject some life into the game . The fans produced an array of stunning banners which were shown off before kick off . An Inter flag is waved as fans geared up for a derby that may mean less this year in terms of league position , but still matters to the locals . Inter cranked up the pressure after the break . Palacio was presented with the best opening off the match when he rounded Lopez , but having already seen a goal chalked off for offside , he was denied by the body of Alex who had raced back to clear off the line . Palacio then broke down the centre and fed Hernanes down the left . His cross was turned into his own goal by Mexes and Inter thought they had the lead . Referee Luca Banti and his official thought otherwise as the goal was ruled out for offside . It was the third disallowed of the game . In stoppage time Icardi flashed wide and Alex 's acrobatic effort at the far post almost stole the points for The visitors . But by then , the rest of the world had switched off . The Milan Ultras show their support as their team looked to move back into the race for a Europa League spot . Nigel de Jong tackles Inter midfielder Hernanes as both sides scrapped hard , but neither could find the vital breakthrough .