Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United for teenager John Souttar and striker Nadir Ciftci . The Tannadice club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to the Parkhead club on deadline day in January . Jackie McNamara 's side have won just three of their 14 games since , and lost 3-0 at home to Ronny Deila 's side on Sunday . Dundee United midfielder John Souttar -LRB- right -RRB- challenges for possession with Celtic 's Kris Commons . Heavily linked with Ciftci in January , the Norwegian has also earmarked 18-year-old Souttar as potential cover for Scott Brown and Nir Bitton in a holding midfield role . The teenager has recently impressed in the middle of the pitch since switching from central defence . Ciftci and Souttar are under contract until May next year and could go for a combined fee of £ 1.5 million . Admitting there is huge pressure on the Europa League contenders not to sell any more players to Celtic , however , United No 2 Simon Donnelly said : ` I think that 's always going to be there . All the drama that was whipped up over the stuff in January was n't helpful to the club , but we as coaches and the manager just have to try and focus on our job here . You are always going to have interest and speculation . We 've had to deal with it for the two years we 've been here . ' Adding to the pressure on United was the public release of a clause in manager McNamara 's contract entitling him to a cut of any transfer profits . Celtic are also interested in signing striker Nadir Ciftc from Dundee United . Insisting Tannadice minds are focused on securing a European slot next season , Donnelly played down talk of a move for Ciftci or anyone else , adding : ` Nadir is a Dundee United player , so it 's our job in the next five games to go and try to reach Europe and Nadir will help us do that . ' Meanwhile , referee Steven McLean will be back in the firing line this weekend for the first time since he and his officials missed a crucial hand-ball by Caley Thistle defender Josh Meekings in Celtic 's Scottish Cup semi final defeat to Inverness at Hampden on April 19 . The duo are likely to cost Celtic around £ 1.5 million , the second double raid on the club after signing Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven . Celtic , who had been leading 1-0 at the time , went on to lose 3-2 and subsequently wrote to the SFA demanding an explanation . Meekings was hit with a notice of complaint by SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan , which could have seen him miss the final , but Inverness were successful in contesting the charge . As a result of the fall-out , McLean was spared a top-flight assignment last week , serving as fourth official in Motherwell 's trip to Hamilton , but will be back in the middle on Saturday for the bottom-six clash between Kilmarnock and Accies at Rugby Park .