Poland is set to build watchtowers along the border to the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad , a local news agency reports . The towers , costing the Polish government £ 2.5 million , will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using CCTV . The increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland , a member of both NATO and the European Union , over the conflict in Ukraine . Keeping an eye out : Poland is erecting watchtowers along the border to Russian exclave Kaliningrad -LRB- pictured -RRB- as tensions between the two countries are heightened . Last month , Moscow announced plans on placing state-of-the-art Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad for what government representatives called a ` major military exercise ' . Russian President Vladimir Putin has also been accused of singling out Poland as an enemy in the ongoing conflict in Ukraine , accusing it of training ` Ukrainian nationalists ' and instigating unrest . ` We are currently in the test phase of the technical installations on the towers , ' Mirosława Aleksandrowicz from the Warmia-Masurian Border Guard told the PAP news agency . The construction of the watchtowers , due to be finished in June , is set to cost the Polish government 14million zloty -LRB- £ 2.5 million -RRB- with a majority of the funding coming from the EU 's External Borders Fund . Kaliningrad , which has a population of just under 1million , plays an important role in the maintenance of the Russian Baltic fleet . Getting ready : The CCTV towers will will monitor the border between Poland and Kaliningrad , where Moscow recently announced they are set to place state-of-the-art Iskander missiles . When neighbouring countries Poland and Lithuania joined the EU in May 2004 , strict border controls were imposed . Moscow has proposed visa-free travel between Kaliningrad and the EU several times , but the motions have been rejected . The new border watchtowers will be erected at a time when tension around the Baltic Sea is reaching new heights . Last month , Swedish Air Force and NATO jets tracked four Russian combat aircraft - two long-range , nuclear-capable Tu-22M3 bombers and two Sukhoi Su-27 fighters - flying with their transponders turned off in international airspace over the Baltic Sea . NATO said it scrambled Danish jets and Italian jets based in Lithuania to identify the Russian aircraft which it said were heading to Kaliningrad . ` The Russian military aircraft did not use their onboard transponder ; they were not in contact with civilian Air Traffic Control and they were not on a pre-filed flight plan , ' a NATO military officer said . Last month , Russian military maneuvers that spread from the Arctic to the Black Sea involved 80,000 troops , about 100 navy ships and more than 220 aircraft .