A teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall and leaving five injured . The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW when she lost control over her vehicle on Thursday night . The group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin , crashed head-on into a solid brick wall before bouncing off and crashing into another part of the wall . Scroll down for video . A teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a brick wall on Thursday night . Photographs taken from the incident show debris and bricks scattered around the crashed vehicle while a young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace . White trail of skid marks were left on the road by the driver , who apparently received her P-plates on the same day her sedan left the road about 9.45 pm . The 17-year-old driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs , forehead and abdomen . She was transported to Gosford District Hospital . The group were travelling when the car lost control , crashed into a wheelie bin and collided head-on into a wall . Debris , clothing and bricks were scattered around the crashed Mitsubishi Lancer after the incident . Emergency services were called to the scene after two were reported in a serious condition . The driver and a passenger were taken to hospital in a serious condition while the other three were stable . A 17-year-old female passenger , who was sitting in the rear seat , suffered multiple fractures to her limbs , ribs and serious injuries to her abdomen before being taken to John Hunter Hospital . Three other passengers were taken to Gosford District Hospital in a stable condition . Emergency services were called to the scene where police have established a crime scene , which has been examined by the Crash Investigation Unit . A young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace . Another young woman was seen being taken away by paramedics on Thursday night following the crash . Emergency services were called to the scene where police have established a crime scene . Emergency services were called to the scene where police have established a crime scene . White trail of skid marks were left on the road by the driver , who apparently received her P-plates on the same day her sedan left the road . A NSW police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia four people were reported trapped inside the vehicle but could not comment further on the matter . ` Police are currently investigating the incident , ' she said . Daily Mail Australia has contacted Tuggerah Lakes LAC police and Gosford District Hospital for comment .