Prison officer Thomas Jordan Driver , 25 , was arrested on Thursday . He and fellow Klan members planned to kill a black inmate after his release in retaliation for a fight , officials said . Three Florida prison officers who belong to the Ku Klux Klan have been charged with plotting to kill a black inmate after his release , officials said on Thursday . The KKK men believed the prisoner was infected with HIV and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight , officials said . Klans men Thomas Jordan Driver , 25 , David Elliot Moran , 47 , and Charles Thomas Newcomb , 42 , each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder , according to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi 's office . The supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year . Investigators said he faked pictures of the black man 's death to help build a case against three Klan members who worked at a Florida prison . The case is the latest black eye for the troubled state prison system . The state said the murder plot started after Driver , an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in Gainesville , rural north Florida , had a fight with the inmate . Moran is currently a sergeant there . Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements , according to the department . Bondi 's office said the three were also members of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan . The group has garnered attention in recent months for distributing flyers that likened protesters in Ferguson , Missouri , to terrorists . The FBI was alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the Klan , according to an arrest affidavit . Scroll down for video . David Moran , a prison employee -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , who together with another employee of the Florida Dept. of Corrections and former employee Charles Thomas Newcomb -LRB- right -RRB- were arrested for plotting to kill a black inmate who had allegedly bitten one guard during a fight . The informant was present when Driver and Moran talked with Newcomb , identified as the KKK chapter 's ` Exalted Cyclops ' or leader , and recorded many of their conversations . In late 2014 , authorities say Driver gave the Klan chapter , called a klavern , a photograph of the inmate , who 'd been let out on supervised release . ` Both Driver and Moran ... told the -LRB- confidential informant -RRB- that they wanted -LRB- the inmate -RRB- ` six feet under ' , ' the FBI 's affidavit said . The informant recorded all three men making plans to murder the inmate , according to the affidavit . In the recordings , the men often refer to the inmate using a racial epithet . Their first attempt to find and kill the inmate failed and the informant recorded a conversation with Driver to confirm he still wanted him dead , the affidavit said . ` Do you want this guy terminated ? ' the informant asked . ` Yes sir , ' Driver replied , according to the affidavit . The American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan has garnered attention for distributing flyers that likened protesters in Ferguson , Missouri , to terrorists . A recent flyer from the Klan provided byWTXL-TV is seen here . In March , the FBI gave the informant a burner cellphone with the doctored photograph of the inmate who looked like he 'd been fatally shot . The informant showed all three men the picture and recorded their jubilant reactions . Moran and Driver both smiled when they saw the picture , and Driver shook the informant 's hand in gratitude , according to the affidavit . The case highlights an ongoing stream of high-profile problems in Florida 's prison system . Last fall , prison system officials fired nearly 50 employees , including several over allegations that they punched and beat inmates . The deaths of inmates Randall Jordan-Aparo and Darren Rainey also drew attention . Jordan-Aparo was reportedly gassed in a confinement cell at the Franklin Correctional Institution . Rainey , a mentally ill prisoner , was punished in 2012 with a shower so hot that his skin separated from his body at Dade Correctional Institution . The warden there was fired . Department of Corrections Secretary Julie Jones , who was hired late last year to lead the troubled agency , called the arrests ` disquieting . ' ` We are moving swiftly to terminate the employees arrested today and working closely with Office of the Attorney General to assist in their prosecution , ' she said in a statement . ` Our Department has zero tolerance for racism or prejudice of any kind . The actions of these individuals are unacceptable and do not , in any way , represent the thousands of good , hardworking honorable correctional officers employed at the Department of Corrections . ' The case will be prosecuted in Columbia County in north Florida . Driver and Moran were being held in Union County jail . Newcomb was in Alachua County Jail with bond set at $ 750,000 . Frank Ancona , imperial wizard of the KKK group to which the three men were said to belong , did not confirm or deny their membership . ` We at the TAK do not in any way condone , tolerate , or support any type of illegal activity in our organization and because of this we would stand by any of our members pending a decision by a court of law , not a decision of the court of media or public opinion , ' Ancona said . The state said the murder plotting started after Driver , an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center -LRB- pictured -RRB- in rural north Florida , had a fight with the inmate .