Sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we learned from the Premier League 's Easter weekend fixtures and the race for promotion across the Football League . 1 . Playing Jordan Henderson as a wing back instead of in his normal central midfield position was an idea that went spectacularly wrong for Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers . The England star , who has taken over the captain 's armband in the absence of Steven Gerrard , gave the ball away 23 times in 90 minutes as he struggled to handle the role at Arsenal . Jordan Henderson -LRB- left -RRB- toiled as a wing back in Liverpool 's defeat against Arsenal and lost the ball 23 times . Henderson , usually a central midfielder , has not given the ball away as much all season for Liverpool . There has n't been a single one of his previous 29 Premier League appearances this season in which he 's lost possession more . 2 . John O'Shea has clearly learned the canny defender 's art of letting his brain do all the running . The theory is if you get in the right position in the first place , you do n't have to chase to recover . In 90 minutes of helping Sunderland keep a clean sheet against Newcastle , the Ireland international logged just 11.9 metres at sprint speed on the EA Sports performance data . It clearly works for him -- he 'll be 34 at the end of this month but remains the sole Premier League outfield player to have appeared in every minute of every game in all competitions for his club this season . John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres during his impressive display in Sunderland 's 1-0 win over Newcastle . O'Shea -LRB- third left -RRB- celebrated Sunderland 's win with Costel Pantilimon when the final whistle was blown . For good measure he 's also completed the full 90 minutes of all five European Championship qualifiers for the Republic . 3 . Steven Caulker 's form has suffered from playing with too many different partners at QPR but there are signs the former Spurs and Cardiff centre half is returning to his best . The 23-year-old was a towering figure as a West Brom side led by the powerful figure of substitute Victor Anichebe fought to recover from being three goals down at half-time . Steven Caulker -LRB- right -RRB- wins a header against West Bromwich Albion striker Brown Ideye . Caulker made 20 clearances -- as many as the rest of the Rangers back four put together -- and more than any other Premier League defender all weekend . 4 . Chelsea need have few fears if Diego Costa 's hamstring problems mean they have to rely on Loic Remy for goals in the last eight games of the season . The France international 's tap-in from Eden Hazard 's pass for the winner against Stoke was his fifth Premier League goal of the season from just 456 minutes on the pitch . Loic Remy -LRB- centre -RRB- scored Chelsea 's winner in their 2-1 victory over Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Remy could be vital to Chelsea as they look to win the Premier League title after Diego Costa went off injured . That 's a goal every 91 minutes -- actually a better ratio than Costa whose 19 Premier League goals have come at the rate of one every 103 minutes . 5 . Burnley boss Sean Dyche has talked about stability all season and continues to practise what he preaches . He picked an unchanged side for the 16th time this season for the home clash with Tottenham and was rewarded with a valuable point . Sean Dyche selected an unchanged side for the 16th time as Burnley drew 0-0 with Tottenham on Sunday . That 's more than double the number of times any other club has kept the same starting XI -- next highest is Leicester with seven . 6 . Kasper Schmeichel looked to have lost his first-team place at Leicester a few weeks ago following the arrival from Chelsea of veteran Mark Schwarzer . But the 28-year-old son of Manchester United legend Peter returned for the 4-3 defeat at Tottenham just before the international break , and justified Nigel Pearson 's decision to keep him in the side with a brilliant display in the 2-1 win over West Ham . Kasper Schmeichel made a string of outstanding stops as Leicester beat West Ham 2-1 . Schmeichel made six saves as well as several vital catches -- the only time he has made more saves in a game this season was the eight at Chelsea back in August that stopped a 2-0 defeat becoming a rout . 7 . Swansea boss Garry Monk shared the club 's rise from football 's basement to the Premier League as a player , and is n't afraid to back his belief there are more in League Two with the potential to play at the top . He put his club 's money where his mouth is by signing Matt Grimes from Exeter for £ 1.75 million in January , and has now given the 19-year-old his debut in the top flight . Matt Grimes -LRB- right -RRB- impressed in his substitute appearance for Swansea in the 3-1 win against Hull . It was n't a bad little cameo , either . Swansea scored their third in the 3-1 win over Hull barely a minute after Grimes came on . 8 . Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer left striker Jordan Rhodes out of his starting side for the 0-0 FA Cup quarter-final at Liverpool -- but surely ca n't drop him again for Wednesday 's replay . The 25-year-old Scotland international is in the best scoring form of even his prolific career after netting the second of the 3-0 win at Leeds . It was his eighth goal in the last 12 games for Blackburn and took his total for the season to 17 from 35 Championship starts . Jordan Rhodes -LRB- right -RRB- scores Blackburn 's second goal against Leeds in the Championship on Saturday . 9 . Boyhood Hearts fan Jason Holt admitted he was upset at missing out on the celebrations when his old club clinched top spot in the Scottish Championship a few weeks ago . But the midfielder who moved to Sheffield United in January might yet be able to open some bubbly with his new club after scoring in the 2-0 derby win at Barnsley . It was the 22-year-old 's third in as many games and gave Nigel Clough 's side a seven-point cushion for a place in the League One play-off zone . Midfielder Jason Holt -LRB- left -RRB- is proving important to Sheffield United 's hopes of going up a division . John Akinde celebrates scoring for Barnet , where he has found the net 30 times in the league this season . 10 . John Akinde has a peculiar place in the football history books for being the first player sold by an internet vote of fans -- he was a promising teenager at Ebbsfleet in 2008 when the online poll decided to let him move to Bristol City . The striker 's move never worked out -- but seven years and nine clubs later he 's setting records again and this time for much better reasons . His finish against Nuneaton that took Barnet back to the top of the Vanarama Conference was his 30th League goal of the season , equalling Gary Bull 's club record set in 1991 .