A mysterious benefactor has donated £ 1.5 million to Bath Abbey which was posted to church in a plain brown envelope . The donor , who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named , sent the money along with a note , saying they wanted to help safeguard the church ` for the next hundred years ' . The cash will be put towards the Abbey 's restoration fund , which is aiming to raise £ 20million to repair the collapsing floor , fit heating powered by the Bath springs , and expand the building . A mysterious benefactor posted the plain brown envelope to officials at Bath Abbey , pledging £ 1.5 million to the church 's £ 20million restoration fund . Laura Brown , who is heading up the Footprint restoration project , said she had to read the letter twice before she could believe it was real , adding that she had to have a ` sit down ' afterwards . The donation was accompanied by a note , which reads : ` Much impressed by the care and the consultation with has been put in by the Abbey , which is such a vital part of Bath 's future . ` This generation has a solemn duty to ensure the Abbey is fit and able to carry out its service to the city and the community for the next hundred years . ' The church has been granted £ 10.4 million of Heritage Lottery Funding , but only provided they can raise the additional £ 7.1 million themselves by the end of the year . Before the mysterious benefactor came forward , the largest single donation the church had received was £ 1.1 million from the congregation and charity Friends of Bath Abbey . The Footprint project was granted £ 10.4 million of Heritage Lottery funding to repair the floor , and expand the building , but only if the church can raise the remaining £ 7.1 million by the end of the year . The church congregation , and charity Friends of Batch Abbey , donated £ 1.1 million to the project , but the anonymous donor topped that , with their gift of £ 1.5 million . Laura Brown , 48 , who is heading up the Footprint project , told MailOnline : ` We received it in the post , just like any normal letter , and it was in a plain brown envelope just like any normal letter . ` Your first thought is `` no , hang on , that ca n't be right '' but then you read it again and realise , this is actually happening . I had to have a sit down for a while . ` Of course there is gratitude , but there 's also this glow you get . The team believe in this project so much and it feels so good to see that someone else sees the same thing . ` Not only that but that person has the resources to be able to really make something happen , and hopefully inspire other people as well . ' She added that the church still needs to raise £ 4.1 million in the next eight months , but that cash donations have already started arriving , and more people are also pledging money . Part of the Bath Abbey rennovations will see it fitted with an eco-friendly underfloor heating system which uses water from the River Avon , warmed by the town 's springs . Speaking after the first £ 1.1 million was donated , Reverend Prebendary Edward Mason , said : ` It 's wonderful , what a remarkable group of people . ` Less than six months ago , the Abbey invited its members to consider the Footprint project by pledging gifts . ` In this short space of time , the total raised has risen to £ 1.1 million , an amazing response . ` Footprint is about sustaining a Christian presence at the Abbey in the heart of Bath for the next century and these gifts demonstrate the congregation and The Friends of Bath Abbey 's commitment to the project . '