A three-bedroom apartment in one of the most expensive areas to live in Britain has been put on the market for just £ 575,000 - but the ` bargain ' property comes with a catch . The Knightsbridge flat , London , which is on sale for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes , has just three years left on the lease . The cost would work out at £ 191,000 per year , or £ 15,000 per month - which is around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area . The entrance to the flats in one of the most expensive areas to live in Britain where a three-bedroom apartment has been put on the market for just £ 575,000 . But if any buyer decides to extend the lease , the property could be worth upwards of £ 6 million . The ` unmodernised ' maisonette in the in exclusive Egerton Place , is described as ` bright and well proportioned ' property with 1,990 sq/ft of space . It boasts three bedrooms , two bathrooms , a reception room and utility room along with a lift , parking and a communal garden . The property is being sold by Russell Simpson for £ 575,000 - the same price as a three-bedroom house in Stanmore , Middlesex . It is one of two maisonettes being sold with three years remaining on the lease . Both homes will need to be modernised , with the second , larger property - also on Egerton Place - on the market for £ 595,000 . The next cheapest three-bedroom property in Knightsbridge costs £ 1.5 million , and this flat is only offered with a 28-year lease . But the property comes with a catch , not only is it in dire need of renovation , -LRB- such as in one of its bedrooms , pictured -RRB- the home has just three years left on the lease . The cost for £ 575,000 on a three year lease would work out at £ 191,000 per year , or £ 15,000 per month - which is around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area , plus renovation works which are needed , such as in the living room -LRB- pictured -RRB- . But if any buyer decides to extend the lease , the ` bright and well proportioned ' property with 1,990 sq/ft of space , could be worth upwards of £ 6 million . Jake Russell , from Russell Simpson , said : ` Properties like this come up once in a blue moon and I think it is an outstanding opportunity . ` To get properties like this in Egerton Place is very exciting and the phone has n't stopped ringing , which is quite unusual considering the time of the year with the election around the corner . ` We have had interest from locals , developers and end users . In modernised condition , we would estimate they would sell for between £ 2,750 and £ 3,000 per sq/ft . ' This gives the smaller property a £ 6 million prices tag , while the larger maisonette with 2,500 sq/ft of space could be worth £ 7.5 million . The current freeholder is thought to be The Welcome Trust and any buyer would have to negotiate a lease extension with them and , for a 90-year lease , it is likely to cost between £ 3.35 and £ 4.5 million . Egerton Place was built off Michael 's Grove by John Grover and Son to the designs of architect Mervyn Macartney around 1893 . The properties introduced a higher quality of architecture to the Egerton Gardens area with each home featuring four main storeys with basements and garrets , finished in costly two-inch bricks of red and orange . Estate agents said it was rare for properties with such short leases to come on the market and the phone ` has n't stopped ringing ' about the Egerton Place apartment . But Alex Newall , from Hanover Private Office , had a warning to potential buyers : ` It looks cheap , but there will be a massive premium to pay to extend the lease ' Leases of all the homes were granted by the Smith 's Charity trustees in 1894 , and its first occupant was , Sir Evan MacGregor , permanent secretary to the Admiralty . Other residents of high status included the Dowager Lady Lawrence , probably the widow of the first Baron Lawrence , at No. 5 , and Sir Henry Fielding Dickens , Q.C. , son of the novelist Charles at No. 2 . One property consultant said it was very rare for a pair of properties to come onto the market with such short leases . Alex Newall , from Hanover Private Office , said : ` It looks cheap , but there will be a massive premium to pay to extend the lease . ` A developer will probably buy it or someone might use it as a rental for three years and then give it back to the freeholder . ` It is a very quirky situation . Properties do come up with very short leases like this every so often but it is very rare for somewhere like Knightsbridge . ` I know someone who let their lease run down to eight years and they thought ` right , I need to extend it ' , but by then it was too late and the extension was too much . ` Let it be a warning to check your lease . '