Scientists at a Polish company that produce body armour systems are working to put a ` magic liquid ' that can harden on impact in their products . The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid -LRB- STF -RRB- , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature . In a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area . Scroll down for video of the body armour in action . The new material in its liquid form -LRB- left -RRB- and the solid form it take on impact -LRB- right -RRB- . The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid -LRB- STF -RRB- , and does not conform to the model of Newtonian liquids , such as water , in which the force required to move the fluid faster must increase exponentially , and its resistance to flow changes according to temperature . Instead STF hardens upon impact at any temperature , providing protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area . ` This viscosity increases thanks to the subordination of the particles in the liquid structure , therefore they form a barrier against an external penetrating factor , ' said Karolina Olszewska , who performed tests on the STF for Moratex . The exact composition of the STF is known only to Moratex and its inventors at the Military Institute of Armament Technology in Warsaw , but ballistic tests proved its resistance to a wide range of projectiles . ` We needed to find , design a liquid that functions both with projectiles hitting at the velocity of 450 meters per second and higher . ` We have succeeded , ' said Deputy Director for Research at the Moratex institute , Marcin Struszczyk . Struszczyk said the liquid 's stopping capability , combined with the lower indentation of its surface , provides a higher safety level for the user compared with traditional , mostly Kevlar-based , solutions . ` If a protective vest is fitted to the body , then a four centimeter deep deflection may cause injury to the sternum , sternum fracture , myocardial infarction , lethal damage to the spleen , ' Struszczyk said . ` Thanks to the properties of the liquid , thanks to the proper formation of the insert , we eliminate one hundred percent of this threat because we have reduced the deflection from four centimeters to one centimeter . ' The liquid has been used to create lightweight flexible sheets , which can be placed inside the body armour . When hit by a high-speed projectile , a wide area of the STF hardens instantly , causing the usually massive energy to be dispersed away from the wearer 's internal organs . Implementing the solution in body armor required designing special inserts , but the company says those are lighter than standard ballistic inserts and broader range of movement for their users in the police and military . ` The point is for them not to interfere , not change the way of movement , operation of such the product by the user , and at the same time increase their motor skills , increase effectiveness of their decision process and increase their possibilities during the mission at hand , ' Struszczyk said . A Bullet test shows the material hardening on impact . Researchers have already tested the material in existing body armour designs . The laboratory is also working on a magnetorheological fluid , which they hope can be also applied in their products . According to the researchers , both liquids can find applications beyond body armor , such as in the production of professional sports inserts , and even entire outfits . Another use could be in car bumpers or road protective barriers .