Rodrigo Alves , who is best known as the new Human Ken Doll after reportedly spending more than than $ 265,000 on plastic surgery , is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched , this time as a mentor for another patient . The 31-year-old London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations , including four rhinoplasties , liposuction and six-pack implants . After doctors in the UK started turning him away , he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery - even approaching Botched doctors Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif about getting back implants on last season 's show , who ultimately said no to his request . ` He wanted to look like Tarzan or Hercules ... a skinny Hercules to build up his back so he would n't have to work out , ' Dr Dubrow told People . ` It was crazy . ' Scroll down for video . Barbie world : Rodrigo Alves , who is dubbed the new Human Ken Doll after having 30 plastic surgeries , is appearing on the new season of the E! reality show Botched . Blue steel : The 31-year-old flight attendant showed off his tan when he posed for this selfie this week . But the outlet reports that Mr Alves wo n't be looking for more procedures this time around . Instead , he is visiting the reality show to ` assist another patient ' . ` It 's not gratuitous at all . He 's extremely helpful , ' Dr Dubrow said . While Dr Dubrow said that Mr Alves ' look is not their ` aesthetic ' per se , he noted that the show 's guest star has n't asked for any of his surgeries to be reversed . Last week , Mr Alves took to Instagram promote his appearance on the show , writing : ` Catch me on botched 2 on E! Premier is on the 14th -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Sculpted silicon : Rodrigo , who has had pec and six-pack implants , confidently flaunted his body in a zebra print speedo . Before and after : Two months ago , Rodrigo shared a photo of his ` old face ' -LRB- L -RRB- and his ` new face ' -LRB- R -RRB- . Strike a pose : The London flight attendant lounged seductively in a lounge chair for this snapshot . Fine diing : Rodrigo can be seen enjoying a meal while taking in the beach side view . Back in January , Mr Alves flew to Colombia for his most recent set of surgeries . The six-in-one procedure , which cost nearly $ 75,000 , included his fourth nose job , an operation to fix his droopy eyes and another to pin his toes back . He also had the surgeons cut the skin around his mouth and gums to make his smile bigger . But despite already undergoing dozens of procedures , Mr Alves has admitted that he will never stop going under the knife because he is dedicated to his continuous transformation . Resort living : Rodrigo and a bikini-clad friend struck a pose while they hung out poolside . Good times : Rodrigo can be seen enjoying a pool party in Las Vegas . Coy smiles : Rodrigo snapped this selfie while traveling . Tropical paradise : Rodrigo took this selfie during a recent trip to Antigua . Ongoing process : He snapped this picture of his bandaged nose nine days after one of his surgery . ` It 's a long process , ' he said . ` It is long-term maintenance . Once you start , it is difficult to stop . Naturally I 'm a perfectionist . It 's like a snowball effect and I 'm not going to stop . ` It does n't define the man that I am - I 'm much more than silicone and cosmetic surgery - but once you get started it 's difficult to stop . ' Mr Alves had his first surgery in 2004 after he moved to London and found himself feeling unattractive compared to the people he met . A generous inheritance from his grandfather allowed him to embark on his questing with perfection , beginning with a nose job . ` I do n't think that I will really regret anything in the future , ' he said in January . ` I really believe that everything I 've done to myself was an investment . ' Bathroom break : Rodrigo stopped to strike a pose during a trip to the restroom . Always moving : Rodrigo wore a pale blue suit while he took selfies in the backseat of a car . Jet setter : He these photos of himself during one of his many trips . After being turned away by doctors in the UK , Rodrigo now travels to other countries for his surgeries . Similar style : Rodrigo snapped a selfie with his ` sister from another doctor ' Sunny day : Rodrigo listened to music and laid in the sun during one of his many trips to the beach .