Inter Milan are set to turn to Lucas Leiva and Alex Song if their pursuit of Manchester City pair Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure fails . Roberto Mancini has Liverpool midfielder Leiva and Barcelona 's Song , currently on loan at West Ham , on his list of alternatives if Jovetic and Toure prove too costly . Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio told Sky Italia : ` Dreams are beautiful , I 'm trying to prepare something and I hope my dreams come true . Lucas Leiva -LRB- left -RRB- is believed to be a target for Inter Milan and could leave Liverpool in the summer . Alex Song has impressed during his loan spell at West Ham United and would be available for a transfer . ` Jovetic ? In the past there was something , especially last summer . We had gone quite a bit forward in the negotiations , we were hoping to conclude the deal but then Negredo became injured and Manchester City changed their minds . ` He is a great player , he fits the profile of the player we are looking for . He is not very young but he is fully mature and still has a lot to give . He is a very talented player but the English club buys very often but seldom sells . ' Jovetic looks likely to leave the Etihad this summer after being omitted from the club 's Champions League squad earlier this season to make room for January signing Wilfried Bony . The Premier League champions rejected several bids from Inter last summer , while Juventus showed interest in the Montenegro star during the last transfer window . Roberto Mancini remains keen on the Manchester City duo he worked with while he was at the club . Yaya Toure -LRB- left -RRB- and Stevan Jovetic both look set to leave the club in the summer and Inter are keen . Toure , meanwhile , has been heavily linked with a move this summer and Mancini made his admiration known for the Ivorian earlier this month . Mancini said : ` Yaya has played in every top League , apart from Germany and Italy . ` If , as it seems , he wants to have an experience in Italy , then there is this possibility he could come here . ` It wo n't be easy , but he 's a player with incredible technique and character . Would Inter be his first choice ? That 's certain . '