A teenage factory girl in China dumped her newborn child in a toilet after giving birth -- before going back to work on a shoe production line . The baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in Wenzhou City by a cleaner , prompting its managers to start searching for the mother . They found Xiao Ying , 17 , working on the production line -- but she completely denied giving birth to the child , The People 's Daily Online reported . The baby boy was dumped by his teenager mother in a factory toilets , before she went back to work . Xiao Ying , 17 , said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant and wanted to ` forget the entire incident ' When a cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was ` icy cold ' . The baby 's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life . The father of the girl said they could not keep the baby . It was only when the managers spotted blood on the girl 's shoe that she admitted she was the mother . CCTV filmed Ying going into the toilets at 8.11 am clutching her tummy -- and walking slowly back out at 8.13 am , only one minute and 49 seconds later . The teenager said she managed to hid the pregnancy for months because ` no-one cared , and no-one asked . ' She said : ` I found out I was pregnant four to five months ago . I was experiencing a lot of morning sickness and felt movement in my stomach . ` I did n't tell my parents because I was afraid of being beaten . ' The father of the baby is 18 years old . The couple had planned to get married but did n't go through with it . When they broke up Ying -- whose surname is Ding -- said she did n't know she was pregnant and she had not been in contact with him , adding she could hardly remember what he looked like . When asked why she abandoned her baby she said : ` At the time I had lots of abdominal pain so I went to the toilet . ` When the baby came out I was terrified so I quickly ran to the dormitory , changed my clothes and just wanted to forget the entire incident . ' Authorities at the shoe factory , like the one pictured here , found the mother back working on the production line . She denied giving birth , but came clean when managers saw that she had blood on her shoes . Ying said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant in case they beat her . Her father has now said they will not raise her child , saying : ' My daughter is n't married . We can not keep this baby . ' Ying 's father arrived to arrange her medical treatment , but said the family had no intention of keeping the baby and would ask the father 's family to step in . ` My daughter is n't married . We can not keep this baby ' , he said . A member of the HR department at the factory said they found the mother back on the production line . He said : ` At the time she was very calm and this puzzled me . ` As there was a lot of people nearby I asked her to come to the office where she was adamant that she was not the mother of the child but when we discovered blood on her shoes she admitted she was the mother . ' Mr Shao , the cleaner who found the child , said when he held the baby he was ` icy cold ' . He said : ` The young girl was too cruel . At 8 am there 's usually no one in the dormitories . ` Luckily the baby boy was strong enough to cry out . ` I used my coat and some sheets to wrap him up and turned on the heater for him before he began to warm up again . ' Dr Xiao said when the baby arrived at hospital at 10.20 am his body temperature was just 30.5 degrees . By 4 pm treatment had helped it rise to 35.8 degrees , but Dr Xiao said while the baby was generally well , his initial low body temperature could affect his development in the future . Sex education in China is notoriously poor , with people increasing calling for schools and parents to do more as a way of stopping unwanted pregnancies , rising rates of sexually transmitted diseases and acts of sexual violence .