KFC has been forced to apologize to a shocked family after a restaurant broadcast a steamy sex scene while they were tucking into their dinner . Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30 pm last Thursday . But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film , being broadcast on the restaurant 's television . Scroll down for video . Awkward : Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April -LRB- pictured -RRB- and their two young children at around 9.30 pm last Thursday . The sex scene , which featured full nudity and strong sexual content , was screened in front of the appalled couple 's 6-year-old twins . Mrs Whalen told News 9 Oklahoma : ` Mommy mode kicked in . I do n't think they need to be seeing this . The scene was from risque Stars network show ` Outlander ' - a British-American drama about a married World War II nurse who time travels back to 18th-century Scotland which has become renowned for its no-holds-barred steamy scenes . ` I 'm really shocked that they actually had Stars at KFC , ' she added . Dinner and a movie : KFC has been forced to apologize to a shocked family after one of its restaurants in Oklahoma broadcast a steamy sex scene while they were tucking into their dinner . Apology : KFC has pledged to ensure certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed . Her husband was able to capture the action on his phone and the footage has since been viewed 75,000 times . ` Then the sounds started and everyone in the while place could absolutely hear it , ' added Mr Whalen who was seen in the footage laughing through the incident . KFC has since apologized for the incident and pledged to ensure that certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed . In a statement , the fast food chain said : ` We apologize for any negative dining experience that may have occurred as a result of the restaurant 's TV being changed without awareness or permission to a station showing inappropriate content . '