It is a saddening site of great human and cultural loss following Nepal 's devastating earthquake that has killed at least 4,000 people . But dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies in front of the wreckage . They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure , which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust . Scroll down for video . ` This is not right ' : A man takes a selfie at the historic Dharahara Tower that was damaged in Saturday 's earthquake in Kathmandu , Nepal . Criticism : One rescuer in Nepal said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ` understanding the tragedy ' But one rescuer in the Nepalese capital said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ` understanding the tragedy ' . It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city , but it was believed to have been filled with tourists . Pawan Thapa , 21 , a business student who arrived from the suburbs to help with the recovery effort , was dismayed by the scene . He said : ` This is earthquake tourism . This is not right . They are more interested in clicking their selfies than understanding that it is a tragedy . ' Destroyed : It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city , but it was believed to have been filled with tourists . Taking a picture : The tower has been photographed far more than other buildings destroyed by the natural disaster , which struck on Saturday . But most of those taking pictures were said to be local residents capturing the devastation of their community , rather than tourists . The tower built by Nepal 's royal rulers in the 1800s was one of the country 's most treasured monuments . It has been photographed far more than other buildings destroyed by the natural disaster , which struck just before midday on Saturday . The 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through the Kathmandu Valley and set in motion an avalanche which swept the face of Mount Everest . Searching : A Chinese rescue team member takes a selfie during an operation to find victims trapped inside a collapsed hotel in Kathmandu . Before and after : The tower built by Nepal 's royal rulers in the 1800s was one of the country 's most treasured monuments . As well as the huge death toll , thousands more people were injured - and it was the worst such disaster to hit Nepal since 1934 when 8,500 died . The United Nations said today that it was releasing £ 10million from its central emergency response fund to help the earthquake victims . The World Food Programme is sending food and aid supplies to Nepal , saying that logistics and emergency response teams are already working there . And a Save the Children relief worker said waterborne and infectious diseases are a risk because people are living outdoors in crowded situations .