Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott 's remains were found by the family of her accused killer , it has been revealed . Detectives were pointed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW by the mother and brother of Vincent Standford - who has been charged with Ms Scott 's murder . Standford , 24 , was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions , News Corp reported . Police discovered the burnt remains of a woman 's body - who they believe is Ms Scott , 26 , - in bushland late around 5 pm on Friday afternoon , the night before the Leeton school teacher was due to get married . Scroll down for video . Police were lead to the place where Leeton school teacher Stephanie Scott 's remains were found , by the family of her accused killer . Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5 pm in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW . Stephanie Scott -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley , was last seen on Easter Sunday . It has also emerged that one of the last actions of Ms Scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding , according to Fairfax Media . Her body has now been transported to Glebe morgue in Sydney to undergo forensic testing . On Saturday - the day which Ms Scott was set to marry her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley - a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be . In a poignant move , the memorial service took place at the same time as when her wedding ceremony was due to take place . Her father Robert Scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief on Saturday in Leeton , NSW . The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday which sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher until police found remains of a body at a national park on Friday , where police further allege a gasoline can had been found nearby . Ms Scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen party last month in Canberra last month with her mother Merrilyn . On Saturday , the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley , a memorial was held . Aaron Leeson-Woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service at the weekend . ` Stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' Mr Scott said at his daughter 's memorial on Saturday . ` Stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' Mr Scott said at his daughter 's memorial on Saturday . ` Our wishes for the future are that this stays in your minds and you remember her . ` I 'm sure she 'd wish for that to be the case and you could remember her for the great little girl she was . ' Ms Scott 's grief-stricken fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was too upset to take the stage , but was supported by loved ones to release yellow balloons into the air to commemorate the life of the popular English and drama teacher . Yellow balloons were released into the air on Saturday in honour of the late bride-to-be . The body was found just metres from the road in Cocoparra National Park , in the Riverina region of NSW . Aaron Leeson-Woolley made an emotional visit to the makeshift shrine of his killed fiancee . right . A vigil has been created at the school where the popular 26-year-old teacher taught drama and English . Hundreds of people attended the memorial at Mountford Park , the centre of Leeton , as Ms Scott 's family and close friends sat in a circle in the centre on chairs . In another touching move , women across Australia put their wedding dresses outside their homes at the weekend , to remember Ms Scott who did not make it to her own ceremony . Facebook , Instagram and Twitter were flooded by social media users who shared images of their yellow clothing , balloons , ribbons , flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow . 26-year-old Ms Scott was due to get married to her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday . On Friday , Detective Superintendent Michael Rowan said that Ms Scott 's body , found just metres from the road in Cocoparra National Park , in the Riverina region of NSW , had been burned . The body was discovered at 5 pm in the evening , just a day before the 26-year-old teacher was due to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley . The remains of the body have been taken to Glebe infirmary for further forensics . Police also said that a gasoline can had been found at the site , north of Griffith . ` The remains were found yesterday afternoon , ' Detective Superintendent Rowan said . ` As far as the burning of the body , I can certainly confirm that that is the case . He verified that members of the accused Vincent Stanford 's family had been helping with the case . ` Certainly yesterday as part of our enquiries we spoke to the accused 's family to help with the case , ' he said . ` And this along with other pieces helped to put together the puzzle . ' Family and friends of Stephanie Scott had flown from around the world to attend her wedding , but are now bracing themselves for her funeral . The English and drama teacher , from Leeton , was reported missing on Easter Sunday , sparking a huge search . Stephanie 's devastated fiancé has visited a makeshift memorial in memory of her , and her sister has invited her friends , family and community to attend a picnic lunch on Saturday marking her life . ` Tomorrow -LSB- Saturday -RSB- should have been the happiest day of Stephanie and Aaron 's lives , ' Kim posted . ` To help us all through this difficult time , we invite everyone to join us at Mountford Park , Leeton , tomorrow for a lunchtime affair to celebrate the life of our ` Button-Nose ' . ` Pack a picnic , wear yellow and bring your favourite memory of our unforgettable Stephanie . xxx ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .