As attempts to break a world record go , it was pretty impressive . A Chinese team took a kite measuring an astonishing 6,000 metres -LRB- 3.7 miles -RRB- to a kite flying festival - aiming to break the world record by a massive 1,000 metres . But they had overlooked the fact that their kite was so big , it posed a danger to passing aircraft . The kite , dubbed ` centipede with a dragon 's head ' , was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival last Saturday in Chongqing in south-western China , according to People 's Daily Online . Scroll down for video . Flying high : Half of the 6,000-metre-long dragon-themed kite took to the sky in Chongqing last Saturday . Skilful : The kite weighs 200 kilograms and requires three experienced kite flyers to manoeuvre . However , Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite - which is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs a whopping 200 kilograms - could not be flown , and the team were forced to fly only half of it . The weather at the kite flying festival in Chongqing undoubtedly played a part , with a heavy mist reducing visibility not only for pilots but for spectators who had turned up to witness the annual event . Each of the 2,000 pieces bears the Chinese characters ` China Dream ' and it takes eight hours to get the full-length kite airborne . Wang Dongming , one of the three kite flyers , said special sturdier rope made from kevlar - which is also used to make bulletproof vests - had to be used to thread the kite . Mr Wang said : ` Big kites and kites that are used for trick flying are usually built from this kevlar rope to prevent the line from snapping in the wind . ' In order to secure the pieces on the kite , craftsmen only used bamboo that was more than three years old which can resist severe wind . Colourful : Kites of all shapes and shades take to the sky in Chongqing during the four-day-long festival . Although the kite did not fly full-length , organisers of the festival still claimed that they had broken the Guinness World Record for the longest kite in the world . The previous record is reported to set by a 5,000m-long kite made by craftsmen in Weifang in eastern China last spring . Professional kite flying teams from over 13 countries participated in the four-day-long Wulong International Kite Festival , including representatives from China , New Zealand , the UK and Italy . Historical : A popular pastime in China , kite flying dates back some 2,000 years . Global appeal : Professional kite flying teams from over 13 countries participated in the festival .