HBO 's hit series , Game of Thrones , is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series , and that means the stunning settings where it was filmed are bracing for another influx of tourists . While the programme has already filmed in some of the most picturesque places around the world - including Croatia , Iceland and the Giant 's Causeway in Northern Ireland - series five has opted for slightly warmer fare . With most of the upcoming series shot in southern Spain , which stands in for the world of Dorne on the imaginary continent of Westeros , travel referral service Zicasso is looking to attract all die-hard fans with a luxury tour of some of the country 's most historical , and most beautiful , cities . To celebrate the fifth series of Game of Thrones travel service Zicasso is offering a luxury themed tour of southern Spain . Seville , Spain . With much of the series set in a desert ruled by House Martell , the cities of Andalusia offer the perfect filming location for the ancient towns depicted in Game of Thrones . Though the tour begins in Madrid , guests are quickly herded south to explore the history and architecture of past Moorish rulers . In the Andalusian capital , Seville , travellers will spend three nights adhering to a full itinerary which includes a stop at the world 's largest Gothic cathedral , registered by Unesco as a World Heritage Site . From there , fans will head toward Alcazar , a former Muslim fort that is celebrated for its Mudejar architecture . From Malta to Morocco , these are the various filming locations that are just as beautiful in real life as on screen . The seven-night Game of Thrones tour kicks off in Madrid , Spain -LRB- pictured -RRB- with who days of sightseeing before heading further south . From there , the tour heads to the Andalusian capital , Seville , including a stop at the world 's largest Gothic cathedral . The former Muslim fort of Alcazar is the next stop , where the palace , celebrated for its Mudejar architecture , is one of the oldest in service . The Alcazar , a Unesco World Heritage Site , also provides the setting for the Water Palace of Sunspear in the series . The upper levels of the Alcazar are still used by the Spanish royal family as their official Seville residence , making it the oldest palace still in service . Registered by Unesco as a World Heritage Site in 1987 , the Alcazar 's stunning courtyards and lavish gardens also offer the perfect setting for the Water Palace of Sunspear , a retreat for the Princes of Dorne . Here , Prince Doran Martell , portrayed by actor Alexander Siddig , will meet with Jaime Lannister , played by actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau , in order to try to save the land and his people . It 's not the first time that the Alcazar has been used as a filming location . It was also the set for the court of the King of Jerusalem in 2005 's Kingdom of Heaven and was also used while filming Lawrence of Arabia in 1962 . From Seville , Game of Thrones enthusiasts will head to the town of Osuna , specifically to take in the city 's impressive bullring . Although the HBO series filmed all around Osuna , it 's the bullring that is of particular interest , as it will appear as Daznak 's Pit . Osuna and Granada , Spain . A day trip to Osuna is also on the docket , specifically to take in the city 's impressive bullring , which will appear as Daznak 's Pit in the upcoming season . On the sixth day , guests will travel to nearby Granada to experience the rolling hills and timeless buildings , and , of course , an authentic flamenco show . It is here that fans will find one of the finest examples of Moorish architecture in Europe , the remains of the Alhambra palace , with its stunning arabesques , high ceilings and tiled walls . While crews reportedly visited the stunning Alhambra while scouting locations , fans will have to tune in to see whether or not it makes an appearance . The Lake Myvatin region of Northern Iceland is recognisable as the Beyond the Wall area in the hit show Game of Thrones . For the icy scenes , programme makers favoured the Hverfjall volcano in the Lake Myvatin region of Northern Iceland . Iceland . Throughout the series , Iceland has represented the northern-most tip of Westeros , with show runners preferring the real-life landscape to scenes created through computer generated green screens . In fact , the crew liked the country 's majestic vistas so much that they returned to the areas of Thingvellir and Hvalfjordur in summer 2014 to film again . While the icy crater of the Hverfjall volcano has made several appearances , fans will also likely recognise Thingvellir National Park from Arya 's storyline and as the setting for the battle of the Hound and Brienne . The Stangford Castle Ward Estate and the Castle Ward tower stands proudly in County Down , Northern Ireland . In Game of Thrones the castle towers are transformed into Winterfell , where the head of House Stark rules over his people . The breathtaking beech tree lined road is known as the Dark Hedges to locals near Stanocum in County Antrim , Northern Ireland . Northern Ireland . Although the bulk of the show 's filming in Northern Ireland takes place in a studio in Belfast , there are several noteworthy off-site filming locations that offer the Northern Irish economy a much-appreciated tourism boost thanks to hardcore fans . Among them , The Stangford Castle Ward Estate and the Castle Ward Tower , both of which stand proudly in County Down . The Castle was the principle filming location for the pilot and season one , standing in for Winterfell 's courtyard . However , to fans of Game of Thrones , the beautiful pathway will be more recognisable as the Kings Road and the Dark Hedges of Armoy . The Iron Islands , where the character Theon comes from , are actually based on Ballintoy Harbour in Northern Ireland . Here , fans welcomed the House of Stark to rule over their people . Also noteworthy is the Ballintoy Harbour in Country Antrim , which fans will recognise from Theon 's homecoming , and the beech tree lined road known as the Dark Hedges , in nearby Stanocum . Though the tranquil pathway is beloved by locals , it 's probably best recognised as the Kings Road and the Dark Hedges of Armoy in the series . The sun sets on the beautiful town of Essaouira , in Morroco , which Game of Thrones fans may recognise as Astapor . The fortified city of Ait-Benhaddou provided the setting for the fictional city of Yunkai , which featured in the show 's third season . Clearly , the ancient city 's red citadel and the nearby Ounila River impressed the Game of Thrones producers . Morocco . For the third series , film crews headed to Morocco to film sequences in the fictional cities of Yunkai and Astapor . Two locations were used in the North African country , Essaouira and Ait-Benhaddou , both of which are Unesco World Heritage Sites . Ait-Benhaddou , a fortified mud-brick fortress city , is better known by Game of Thrones fans as Yunkai , while the stunning walled town of Essaouira transformed into Astapor , which played a vital role in the series three finale episode . It 's hard to look at the coastal city of Dubrovnik , Croatia and not see the backdrop of King 's Landings . The Minceta Tower and fortification is a UNESCO World Heritage site on the Dalmatian Coast in Dubrovnik . Dubrovnik , Croatia . It 's hard to look at Croatia 's stunning Dalmatian coast city and not see King 's Landing . The site of endless drama , incestuous affairs , a shocking beheading and the Battle of Blackwater , this tourist-loved town along the Adriatic Sea was not actually the first choice for the pivotal backdrop . In the first series , the historic city of Mdina , Malta , was used as the filming location , before switching to Croatia at the start of series two , a move which allowed creators to film near the sea . When the show runners switched to filming in Croatia at the start of series two , they were able to film near the Adriatic Sea . The Minceta Tower is possibly most recognised as the House of the Undying from the series two finale episode . The Minceta Tower , part of the Walls of Dubrovnik , also played a pivotal role in the series two finale . Also the highest point of the city , the Tower is notable for being the spot where Khaleesi Daenerys Targaryen walked around and around before entering the House of the Undying . And the Unesco Heritage Site is now just one of several stops on the newly-created themed walking tours that have popped up around the city to cater to globe-trotting Game of Thrones fans . The natural limestone arch of the Azure Window , in Gozo , Malta , was used during filming in the show 's first series . The stunning natural wonder is perhaps best recognised as the backdrop for the Daenerys and Khal Drogo wedding in series one . Malta . And finally , no Game of Thrones themed trip around the world would be complete without a visit to this Mediterranean archipelago . Comprised of just three inhabited islands - Malta , Gozo and Comino - the historical republic is home to an impressive nine Unesco World Heritage Sites . Among them , the historic stone city of Mdina , which provided the backdrop for King 's Landing during much of the pilot and series one episodes . During the first season , the city of Mdina , Malta , was the location of King 's Landing -LRB- pictured : the historical city gate monument -RRB- . Unfortunately , Maltese officials were said to have complained that protected habitats were being damaged during filming , in particular on the island of Gozo , meaning that from series two onwards , these exterior scenes were shot in Croatia . Home to the Azure Window , Malta 's smaller sister island of Gozo , is a breathtaking sight , recognised by Game of Thrones fans as where Daenerys Targaryen wed Khal Drogo . Island officials took issue with the crew over potential damage inflicted on the natural wonder and thus , producers were forced to change filming locations at the start of series three . The fifth series of Game of Thrones debuts in the US on April 12 and in the UK and Australia on April 13 .