A woman who thought she lost everything after her apartment was left uninhabitable after last Thursday 's gas explosion in New York 's East Village has been reunited with her two cats . Kathleen Blomberg , a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave. , which is still under a full-vacate order , has been reunited with her two cats , Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian . The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the the traumatized animals under Blomberg 's bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out . Scroll down for video . Kathleen Blomberg , who lived in a building badly damaged by Thursday 's explosion has been reunited with her two traumatized cats , Kitty Cordelia , pictured , and Sebastian . Two people died and 22 were injured in last week 's explosion , which authorities now believe was caused by an illegally tapped gas line . Blomberg was asleep in her apartment when the explosion happened and she rushed out to see to had happened . ` I thought I would have an opportunity to go back upstairs to get the cats , but as soon as we came down , they started sealing off the building , ' Blomberg told CBS2 . She had been desperately searching for her two cats she left behind , putting up fliers and posting on social media and she was reunited with them on Wednesday . ` I have no words , because , I mean , they 're my children , ' she said . ` They 're not just cats . ' After 21 years in the same apartment Blomberg is currently looking for new accommodation for her and the cats . A number of pets were also displaced in the rush for people to evacute their homes following the explosion . Seven cats have been missing since Thursday , but today that number thankfully dropped to four . ` I have no words , because , I mean , they 're my children , ' said an emotional Blomberg following the reunion . Sebastian , left , and Kitty Cordelia , right , had spent the past six days covering under Blomberg 's bed in her abandoned apartment which is still under a full-vacate order . Another cat , Laszlo , was found inside a closet on the fourth floor of the building and returned to its owner , Yvonne Collery . Collery is still missing her second cat , Lulu . The ASPCA , FDNY and NYPD are still working to locate other missing animals at the explosion site . Two people died and 22 were injured in last week 's explosion , which authorities now believe was caused by an illegally tapped gas line . New York City 's mayor says three of the four people critically injured in the fire and explosion have been released from the hospital . Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a news conference Monday that the remaining patient was in Bellevue Hospital and ` doing well . ' He said fire marshals , the NYPD and the district attorney 's office were investigating the cause of Thursday 's apparent gas explosion . It killed two people and leveled three buildings . De Blasio said he has n't ruled out policy changes , or tougher penalties for those caught tampering with gas , but the investigation must conclude that first . The mayor says most residents in the surrounding area who were evacuated immediately after the blast have returned to their homes . Blomberg had turned to putting up posters and appealing for help on social media after not seeing her two beloved cats since last Thursday 's gas explosion .