Three Ku Klux Klan members who worked at a Florida prison have been charged with plotting to kill a black inmate after his release because they believed the man is infected with HIV and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight , officials said Thursday . The case comes as the latest black eye for the troubled state prison system . The three men - Thomas Jordan Driver , 25 , David Elliot Moran , 47 , and Charles Thomas Newcomb , 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder , Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi 's office said in a written statement . The state said the murder plot started after Driver , an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida , had a fight with the inmate . Moran is currently a sergeant at that facility . Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements , according to the department . Charged : -LRB- From left to right -RRB- Charles Thomas Newcomb , Thomas Jordan Driver , and David Elliot Moran each were arrested Thursday on one state count of conspiracy to commit murder , Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi 's office said . Bondi 's office said the three were also members of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan . The group has garnered attention in recent months for distributing flyers that likened protesters in Ferguson , Missouri , to terrorists . The FBI was initially alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the Klan , according to an arrest affidavit . The FBI 's affidavit described the informant as ` a confidential human source for the FBI whose motivation for cooperation with the FBI is patriotism . ' The informant was present when Driver and Moran talked with Newcomb , identified as the KKK chapter 's ` Exalted Cyclops ' or leader , and recorded many of their conversations . In late 2014 , authorities say Driver provided the Klan chapter , called a klavern , with a photograph of the inmate , who 'd been let out on supervised release . ` Both Driver and Moran ... told the -LRB- confidential informant -RRB- that they wanted -LRB- the inmate -RRB- `` six feet under , '' ' the FBI 's affidavit said . The informant recorded all three men making plans to murder the inmate - ranging from shooting him to injecting with a lethal dose of insulin , which Newcomb said ` would be quieter . ' In the recordings , the men often refer to the man using a racial epithet . The affidavit said the informant , Moran and Newcomb went on a trip together to where the inmate lives in Palatka . Before they made the trip , ` Newcomb pointed out that if they could grab -LRB- the inmate -RRB- and take him to the river , he would need to bring a fishing pole to make it look like -LRB- the inmate -RRB- was at the river fishing , ' the affidavit said . ` Newcomb told -LRB- the informant -RRB- he wanted to make it as realistic as possible , but if they had to go in there blazin , they would do what they had to do , ' the affidavit continued . Their first attempt to find and kill the inmate failed . ` The FBI pre-arranged to have a law enforcement presence in the area of -LRB- the inmate 's -RRB- residence to prevent a crime being committed that day , ' the affidavit said . ` A vehicle with police lights was staged on the same street a block away from -LRB- the inmate 's -RRB- residence and a police patrol vehicle aggressively roved the neighborhood to establish an active law enforcement response . ' The informant later recorded a conversation with Driver to confirm he still wanted him dead . ` Okay , but do you want this guy terminated ? ' the informant asked . ` I think for this individual ... I think a message is n't going to do him any good , ' Driver replied , according to the affidavit . ` Okay so I take that as a yes ? ' the informant said . ` Yes sir , ' Driver said , according to the affidavit . In March , the FBI gave the informant a burner cellphone with a doctored photograph that appeared to show the inmate had been fatally shot . The informant showed all three men the photograph and recorded their jubilant reactions . ` According to -LRB- the informant -RRB- , Newcomb smiled upon seeing the photograph that depicted that -LRB- the inmate -RRB- had been shot and killed , ' the affidavit said . Moran , whom the men referred to as ` Sarge , ' was smiling when he saw the photograph that depicted the inmate had been murdered , according to the informant . ` Moran also gave -LRB- the informant -RRB- an enthusiastic handshake upon seeing the photograph , ' according to the affidavit . ` Driver smiled , nodded his head in a yes motion and shook the -LRB- informant 's -RRB- hand in gratitude , ' according to the affidavit . Bondi said and corrections department officials were quick to condemn the suspects ' alleged actions , but the incident highlights an ongoing stream of high-profile problems in Florida 's prison system . Last fall , prison system officials fired nearly 50 employees , including several over allegations that they punched and beat inmates . The deaths of inmates Randall Jordan-Aparo and Darren Rainey also drew attention . Jordan-Aparo was reportedly gassed while in a confinement cell at the Franklin Correctional Institution . Rainey , a mentally ill prisoner , was punished in 2012 with a shower so hot that his skin separated from his body at Dade Correctional Institution . The warden there was fired . Reaching out : The American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan has garnered attention for distributing flyers that likened protesters in Ferguson , Missouri , to terrorists . A recent flyer from the Klan provided by WTXL-TV is seen here . Incident : The state said the murder plotting started after Driver , an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center -LRB- pictured -RRB- in rural north Florida , had a fight with the inmate . Department of Corrections Secretary Julie Jones , who was hired late last year to lead the troubled agency , called the arrests ` disquieting . ' ` We are moving swiftly to terminate the employees arrested today and working closely with Office of the Attorney General to assist in their prosecution , ' she said in a written statement . ` Our Department has zero tolerance for racism or prejudice of any kind . The actions of these individuals are unacceptable and do not , in any way , represent the thousands of good , hardworking honorable correctional officers employed at the Department of Corrections . ' The case will be prosecuted in Columbia County in north Florida . Driver and Moran are being held in Union County jail . Newcomb is in Alachua County Jail with bond set at $ 750,000 . Frank Ancona , imperial wizard of the KKK group to which the three men were said to belong , did not confirm or deny their membership . ` We at the TAK do not in any way condone , tolerate , or support any type of illegal activity in our organization and because of this we would stand by any of our members pending a decision by a court of law , not a decision of the court of media or public opinion , ' Ancona said .