Some people like to run with a dog as a companion , while others use a ` smart ' accessory to keep track of the progress they 've made . But now a team of researchers has devised a new jogging buddy - a drone that flies with you to keep you company . And they claim robotic companions could be used for a variety of other physical activities such as cycling , cross-country skiing and rowing . Scroll down for video . Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion . Called Joggobot -LRB- shown -RRB- it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing . The research , by the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in Australia , reported Popular Science , was presented at the Computer-Human Interaction Conference in Seoul . In their paper , the researchers explained how they asked 13 joggers to run for an average of 26 minutes with a drone - specifically a quadcopter - as a companion . The goal was to see if a drone could motivate a runner to keep their pace up , and provide a companion that helped them stay fit . In this experiment , the quadcopters were programmed to follow a set path and speed , which the joggers also followed . The drone was designed to fly 13ft -LRB- four metres -RRB- in front of the jogger at a height of 10ft -LRB- three metres -RRB- . Each participant was fitted with a Go Pro camera and , after finishing their run of between 15 and 40 minutes , gave their thoughts on having a robot companion . Most said that they found it was a good ` pace keeper ' , especially on straight sections of their run . Technology has been developed where a drone could lock onto a pattern on a runner 's shirt in order to track their speed and direction , although this has n't been implemented yet . However , the researchers said their 's was ` the first system that has been successfully deployed in an outdoor setting . ' ` It forces you to go a certain pace , pushes you a bit further , ' said one runner . ` If I was running by myself , I think my pace would vary a bit more , this is a more set pace . ' Ultimately , it seemed that the runners felt a sense of ` peer pressure ' similar to how one might feel if they were running with a human companion . In this experiment , the quadcopters were programmed to follow a set path , which the joggers also followed . However , technology has been developed where a drone could lock onto a pattern on a runner 's shirt in order to track their speed and direction -LRB- shown -RRB- . There were some concerns from the runners , though ; occasionally the quadcopter would deviate from its path , leading them to question their safety . And it also wobbled in the wind , which one runner likened to it having a personality of its own . One also noted that they ` felt a bit awkward with a camera on my head and jogging with a robot . ' But they added : ` I 'm jogging with a robot , and people think it 's rad . ' The researchers think their study could help design flying robots that support joggers , and it could even be used for other sports as well such as cycling , cross-country skiing , rowing or even fun runs . Some runners may have dogs as jogging companions now , but will be using robots in the future ? The team hope their research could inspire new ways to perform such activities . In a cycling scenario , the researchers say the drone could create a draft , ` providing a psychological and maybe even physical boost . ' Other drones could display encouraging messages to keep motivation high . ` Overall , our work aims to inspire other designers to utilise robotic systems to support exertion activities , ' the researchers concluded . There 's no news yet on when - or if - this technology will be available to the public , though .