A pound will buy you one and a half tins of beans , two packets of crisps -- or an airport in Spain . Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more € 1billion -- Spain 's economy having taken off -- but was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties . The judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off , with an asking price of € 100million -LRB- £ 86million -RRB- . Scroll down for video . Rubble : The control tower stands proudly above the waste . For sale : The airport will be sold off for just one pound . Haunting : The terminal , where 5 million passengers should be passing through each year , is eerily empty . However , there have been no takers and there is now no minimum asking price , theolivepress.com reported . The new owners , will need to pay off a few hundred million pounds of debt , though . The airport was designed to cater for Spain 's booming economy to serve both city and coast via a high speed rail link . It was projected to take the overflow from Madrid 's Barajas airport , some 150 miles to the north , Ciudad Real 's flagship transport hub was to be a symbol of modern Spain 's affluence . But sadly it has proved to be one of a number of many white elephants for the nation . For many months the only flights were those of private jets , reportedly including Prince Harry on his way to a boar hunt on land nearby owned by the Duke of Westminster . The airport was projected to take the overflow from Madrid 's Barajas airport , some 150 miles to the north . Contrast : The high speed train , which was supposed to serve the airport , whizzes by as the airport stands redundant . A high speed train accelerates past the airport , which closed in 2012 . Derelict : Ciudad Real 's Airport was supposed to be a symbol of modern Spain , but is now being left to rack and ruin . Wasteland : The vast stretch of runway and massive area of landing surrounding it remain empty . But the last budget airline to operate from its terminals stopped flying in late 2011 and when the final private flights stopped a few months later , the airport shut up shop . Since then , the 28,000 sq ft terminal lies empty , where 5million passengers should have been waiting to be whisked away each year . Built in 2008 , it opened fully in 2009 at a total private cost of € 1.1 billion , and was intended to serve both Madrid and the Andaluscian coast , each accessible by train in 50 minutes . The Socialist regional government spent millions propping up the venue , promoting the project with advertising campaigns and approving a € 140million guarantee to keep it afloat . The Socialist regional government spent millions propping up the venue . The 4,000 metre runway has to be continually painted with yellow crosses , so pilots flying over the airport will know they can not land there . The ghost airport is just one of several to be found across the country . In October 2011 , it saw its final commercial flight , by Vueling . The airport remained open for another six months , the staff still being paid to deal with a handful of private arrivals . It finally closed in April 2012 , but even though it is now closed to air traffic , maintenance tasks still have to be carried out . The 4,000 metre runway has to be continually painted with yellow crosses , so pilots flying over the airport will know they can not land there . The ghost airport is just one of several to be found across the country . Even worse is Castellon 's , where no plane had ever landed or taken off before it was shut down . In October 2011 , it saw its final commercial flight , by Vueling . In October 2011 , it saw its final commercial flight , by Vueling .