The girlfriend of a hitman who killed a mother of five as she tended her horses in a New Forest field was freed from jail today . Lian Doyle agreed to hide the trainers worn by Justin Robertson when he murdered Pennie Davis because he had been paid £ 1,500 by the son of the victim 's ex-lover . She was today sentenced to 10 months in prison , but was released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand . Killing : Lian Doyle , left , helped to cover up the murder of Pennie Davis , right , in September last year . Doyle , 24 , pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice after she admitted disposing of her boyfriend 's shoes , thinking he had worn them to commit a burglary . Robertson was jailed for life yesterday after being convicted of murder , while Benjamin Carr also received a life sentence for paying the killer to murder Mrs Davis , 47 . Winchester Crown Court heard that Carr wanted the victim dead because she was planning to tell police that he had sexually assaulted someone . Today the court was told that Robertson convinced Doyle to hide his trainers , making her think that he had carried out a burglary while wearing them . She lied to police on his behalf - but when she realised that the trainers were evidence in a murder inquiry , she confessed to what she had done . Boyfriend : Doyle was manipulated by Justin Robertson , left , who was paid to kill Mrs Davis by Benjamin Carr , right . Victim : Mrs Davis was found dead in a paddock in the New Forest in September 2014 . Mr Justice Popplewell told Doyle , from Hythe in Hampshire : ` On September 2 last year , after Pennie Davis had been killed , Justin Robertson had given the trainers he had been wearing that afternoon to a neighbour to put them in the rubbish . ` Two days later he asked you to retrieve them and burn them but rather than burning them you gave them to somebody else to dispose of . ` You did n't know they had been worn to commit a murder and you thought Justin Robertson had been wearing them for a burglary . ' He added that following her initial arrest , Doyle was interviewed but failed to inform police about dumping the trainers , which ` impeded ' their investigation . The judge said : ` I 'm satisfied that Justin Robertson was a dominant character and he is likely to have manipulated you . ' Couple : The victim 's body was discovered by her new husband Peter , pictured . Family : Mrs Davis ' relatives are pictured outside Winchester Crown Court yesterday . Doyle 's lawyer Charlie Gabb said in mitigation that she was reliant on Robertson , and would stay with him in friends ' houses because she did not have a home of her own . ` She must have been somewhat in awe of him in light of her own vulnerability , ' he said . ` For a young lady who has never had any experience of the criminal justice system it 's been a considerable shock . ` There is a stark reality that she is on her own and Mr Robertson can no longer provide for her . ' Mrs Davis was found dead in a paddock near Beaulieu , Hampshire in September last year by her husband Peter , whom she had married just months earlier . Robertson , 36 , was paid £ 1,500 in counterfeit banknotes to kill her by Carr , 22 , who had a longstanding grudge against her dating to her long relationship with his father . The court heard he wanted her dead because he feared she would report sexual assault allegations against him to the police . The plot unravelled when Robertson dropped the keys to his getaway car near to the murder scene , allowing officers to track him down .