London commuters faced traffic chaos this morning while thousands are still without power as firefighters battle to extinguish an underground blaze that has been raging for more than 24 hours . More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn which apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables , causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke . Although the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely , and firefighters still do not know the cause of the fire . Scroll down for video . Blaze : The scene in Holborn today , where a fire has been raging for more than 24 hours . Emergency : Firefighters and gas workers were still battling to put out the fire a day later . Plume : Flames rose up from the street in the deserted part of central London today . Continuing : Firefighters spraying water into a manhole in a bid to put out a fire in Holborn . Much of the area is cordoned off as firefighters struggle to extinguish the fire , while there were reports of major delays in central London . Commuters were urged to avoid travelling through Holborn if possible , and firefighters were unable to estimate when the situation might return to normal . Tonight 35 firefighters and police officers remain at Kingsway , where flames were seen erupting from a manhole cover yesterday . Kingsway is closed , as is the Strand underpass , while Waterloo Bridge is closed northbound . Transport for London said that 15 bus routes were being diverted , and witnesses described seeing dozens of buses backed up along High Holborn , but Underground services have returned to normal . More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today , with businesses , government departments and tourist attractions forced to close ahead of the Easter weekend . firefighters and gas workers continue to tackle the flames in the Kingsway Service Tunnel . Carnage : Parts of the road had to be dug up in an attempt to extinguish the fire below the ground . The underground fire has stopped power workers from accessing their equipment . Jets : Firefighters deployed multiple hoses to combat the blaze which wreaked havoc on the area . Exhausted : Firefighters looked tired as they took a break after working at the scene for hours . Blocked : Roads were closed in the wake of the fire , whose cause is still unknown . UK Power Networks said that 100 staff had worked through the night to restore electricity to the area , but it is not known when buildings will regain power . A spokesman said : ` A major gas fire in an underground tunnel is still burning so we can not yet access our equipment . ` Our engineers have restored power to 2,000 customers and the remaining 1,100 will regain power through generators and cable works as soon as possible . ` We had over a hundred staff working through the night and work continues today . ` We are working with the emergency services and other agencies to keep affected customers updated . The cause of the incident is being investigated . ' Fire crews last night doused the hole with water before they smashed the cover open with a sledgehammer , and continued to pump in water from multiple hoses . Peter Cowup of London Fire Brigade said that the fact the fire started in an underground tunnel meant it had been tricky to bring it under control . ` This has been a technically difficult incident to tackle , ' he said . ` The reason that the fire is still burning is because the service tunnel is hard to reach and although firefighters have been applying water through access points throughout the night , the complexity of the tunnel layout means that it will be some time until the fire is fully extinguished . ` However , the fire is contained and we are making steady progress and working with the utility companies and the police to bring this incident to a close . ' Works : More than 100 power workers were deployed to restore electricity to businesses in central London . Disruption : The road closures were said to have caused severe traffic jams in the surrounding area . Peter Cowup of London Fire Brigade said the blaze was ` a technically difficult incident to tackle ' Deserted : The Holborn area was emptied of workers and shoppers thanks to the disruption . Closure : Shops had signs in their windows apologising for the inconvenience . One council boss warned that there was a ` worrying trend ' of pavements exploding in central London and said that businesses had been hit by the accidents . ` We do not fully yet know what caused the fire in Holborn on Wednesday , ' said Richard Beddoe of Westminster Council . ` However , pavements have exploded in central London previously and it is a very worrying trend . ` Our message remains the same - we want to see better investment in the capital 's infrastructure , as it benefits the whole UK . ` We are relieved to hear that there were no serious casualties , but the losses to big businesses in the West End , due to poor infrastructure , is just not acceptable . We want to see action . ' In July , Piccadilly Circus was closed after an electrical fault beneath a manhole cover caused an explosion which resulted in a lorry catching fire . Meanwhile , in February last year , 50 people were evacuated from a street in north London after a pavement burst into flames . And in April 2013 , a fireball burst from a pavement in Pimlico Road , central London , narrowly missing a passer-by standing yards away . A UK Power Networks spokesman said : ` There have been a small number of incidents disturbing pavements over recent years , caused by a variety of reasons and affecting utility infrastructures underground . ' Blackout : Power was knocked out across the area and more than 1,000 buildings remain without electricity . Dramatic : This aerial image shows how a wide area of London was left without power . Scene : These file photos show tunnels under Holborn near to where the fire broke out . Smoke : More than 2,000 workers were forced to flee their central London workplaces . Among the buildings affected by the fire is the Royal Courts of Justice , home to the High Court and Court of Appeal , which was due to remain closed all day . Somerset House , the London School of Economics and the London Transport Museum were closed , while the English National Ballet cancelled its planned matinée performances of Swan Lake . One of the offices affected by the fire was that of HM Inspectorate of Prisons , which is closed as a result of the power cut . Gillian Perham , 54 , lives near the fire and said there had been similar incidents in recent years . ` There was an exploding pavement not far from here last year , ' she said . ` We are fed up with it . I 'm terrified it 's going to happen when I 'm near one . ' At one point yesterday , 70 firefighters and 10 engines were at the scene of the blaze , which forced a number of West End theatres to cancel shows last night , including The Lion King , Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and The Play That Goes Wrong . In a separate incident , 15 engines were called to a fire on an industrial unit in north London .