It may have been Bugs Bunny 's favourite treat but an animal charity has warned that too many carrots are making the nation 's pet rabbits fat . The PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high , with experts predicting that more than half will be classed as overweight within five years . Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight . Too many treats , the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation 's bunnies into giants , the charity added . Scroll down for video . Grace the giant overweight rabbit has joined the PDSA 's annual Pet Fit Club competition for overweight animals . Carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar and so should only ever be given as the occasional treat , not as regular feed . Nicola Martin , PDSA Head of Pet Health and Welfare , said : ` Sadly , many of our 1.3 million pet rabbit population in the UK are ` unhappy bunnies ' , as many of their welfare needs are being neglected . ` The good news however is that pet obesity is entirely preventable . Experts have warned that more than half of pets will be overweight in five years with carots named as the worst culprits for bunny obesity . Now in its tenth year , the Pet Fit Club puts pets on a six-month diet and exercise programme overseen by vets , leading to one being crowned a super slimmer . ` So we 're advising owners that , while feeding their pet a treat may be rewarding in the short term , as a way of showing affection , the long term impact is serious . They could be killing them with kindness . ' PDSA research revealed that four-out-of-five veterinary professionals had seen an increase in pet obesity cases in the last two years . The problem of fat pets has become some widespread that the runs an annual Pet Fit Club competition to put them through their paces . Porky pets are placed on a six-month diet and exercise programme overseen by vets , leading to one being crowned a super slimmer . A veterinary nurse holds bulldog Daisy from Middlesbrough , who weighs 28 kg - she is one of 17 of the UK 's podgiest pets , who are competing in an annual competition known as Pet Fit Club . Andy Cage from PetAID hospital says that obesity is one of the biggest animal welfare problems . Last year 's candidates included Daisy the obese bulldog from Middlesbrough , who at 4st 6 lb , was double the weight she should have been . Fellow rabbit Poppy was a third heavier than she should be at more than 7 lb -- mainly due to a taste for popcorn . Owner Donna Manson said that her rabbits are not dissimilar to us , piling on the pounds over winter , the peak time for comfort eating . Zorro , a three-year-old ginger Tom from Dundee , became so fat he could no longer groom himself and would often wake owner Linda Petrie in the middle of the night for his favourite snack : cheese and onion crisps . Donna said that she had no idea that some of the treats she was giving to her bunnies were so fattening . A happy bunny : Poppy the rabbit was one of last year 's competitors in the PDSA pet fit club who has slimmed down now -LRB- right -RRB- forweighed 7 lbs -LRB- left -RRB- when she entered . Ginger Tom Zorro has become so overweight he is unable to groom himself . ` I 've tried to cut down on the carrots and apples , as I 've recently learned that they are both high in sugar and not the healthy snacks I thought they were , ' she added . Other candidates included a cat that can open the fridge and a Jack Russell with a taste for doner kebabs . PDSA Pet Fit Club was launched in 2005 and has already helped 57 dogs , 24 cats and 3 rabbits lose a total of 295 kg -LRB- 46 stone 6 lb -RRB- . This weight loss is the equivalent of nearly 300 bags of sugar , more than 4,400 sausages , 740 tins of dog food or over 1,000 blocks of lard . Senior Veterinary Surgeon , Andy Cage , from Dundee PetAid hospital , said that having over weight animals is not just a nuisance , it is also an issue of cruelty . ` Obesity is one of the biggest welfare issues affecting pets in the UK today . Sadly , it also means millions of pets are at risk from potentially life-threatening health problems related to obesity . ` But the good news is that obesity is entirely reversible . '