Going to any major sporting event these days is a pricey affair . There 's the cost of the ticket , getting to the venue and the all important souvenirs . That 's not to mention keeping fed and watered all day . But it seems patrons at the Masters can get themselves a decent meal for a reasonable price . You can get a taste of the south with a Bar-B-Que or Classic Chicken sandwich for $ 3 -- which is about £ 2.05 . The Masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters . Shot of the day . Lee Westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second . After a perfect tee shot , he pinged a fairway wood 280 yards onto the green . It trickled towards the hole and looked to be heading in for an albatross , but it lipped out at the last moment . It was a high point for Westwood , though , who then made five bogeys in his next nine holes . New practice routine Padraig ? Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months and the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique . The Irishman was spotted on the driving range at Augusta with a rubber band wrapped around his knees and standing well away from the ball -LRB- 1 -RRB- . He then takes a run-up at the ball -LRB- 2 -RRB- , not dissimilar to that of Happy Gilmore -- a character from a comedy film whose own run-up technique would see him regularly drive the ball more than 400 yards . Harrington 's might not travel quite as far , but the drill obviously helps him keep his form and balance nicely -LRB- 3 -RRB- . Gary 's still a player . At 79 , and with a career grand slam behind him , you might forgive Gary Player for putting his feet up . But the South African is fit as a flea . After joining Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer as an honorary starter , he tweeted : . Time for a Texas takeover ? Jordan Spieth has been the star and if the Dallas native wins from here , he would claim Texas 's 13th green jacket , more than any other US state . Same old for Sergio . After a 68 on day one , a 74 in his second round was a disappointment for Sergio Garcia . He tweeted : . Lost and found . Tiger Woods might have lost a touch of his genius in recent years , but he wo n't be losing his putter any time soon -- he has his name inscribed on it . And his precise practice sessions were clearly paying off as he finished with a 69 , a four-shot improvement on round one . Tiger Woods has his name inscribed on his putter and will hope it brings him luck going into the weekend . 1.39 . Despite his best efforts , Woods could not match the white-hot putting of Jordan Spieth . The 21-year-old has averaged 1.39 putts per hole , the best in the field .