Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army . But it was Tony Abbott 's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six . It took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call Ms McGregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her . Ms McGregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the National Press Club on Wednesday - when the prime minister told her ` it was okay ' . ` I actually said to him `` your party wo n't be thrilled about this '' , ' she said , the ABC reports . However the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to Mr Abbott 's stance on same-sex marriage , saying she is ` sad ' that he is not a supporter of it . Scroll down for video . Cate McGregor - now Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force - spent 40 years in the Army , most of those under the name Malcolm . Prime Minister Tony Abbott -LRB- left -RRB- publicly backed McGregor -LRB- right -RRB- by introducing her on ABC 's Australian Story , when she detailed her struggles as a man and then as a trans-woman . Ms McGregor had put off discussing her gender dysmorphia with her long-time pal - a Catholic conservative who openly opposes same-sex marriage - and in hindsight ` grossly under-estimated his capacity for friendship ' . ` He did n't run a focus group or ring -LRB- conservative Liberal members -RRB- Cory Bernardi or Kevin Andrews to see if it was ok , ' McGregor says . ` There is a kind of a firefighter buried inside the politician still and he tends to barge into burning buildings if his friends are in there . ' Mr Abbott publicly backed his friend by introducing her on ABC 's Australian Story , when she detailed her struggles as a man and then as a trans-woman . Ms McGregor , now Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force , spent 40 years in the Army , most of those under the name Malcolm . In 2012 , after years of drowning agonising pain with alcohol and drugs , McGregor stopped ` functioning ' as a man and chose to live as a woman . She tried to resign from the office of former Chief of Army David Morrison when her transformation became public . He refused her resignation . ` It was easier to tell David Morrison I was transgendered than I was going to become an air force officer , ' she said . ` I love the Army for that . ' Mr Abbott sits with Ms McGregor to commentate during the International tour match between the Prime Minister 's XI and England at Manuka Oval in Canberra last year . The senior officer addressed the National Press Club on Wednesday as part of a women in media series . McGregor a senior officer knows she 's ` benefited enormously ' from male privilege . But she 'd willingly sacrifice it all to have lived as a woman from her early 20s . The cricket commentator , columnist and former staffer to Bob Carr , addressed the National Press Club on Wednesday as part of a women in media series . At times , she became tearful . But even through tears she had the room laughing . ` The hormones are obviously working , ' she quipped . ` I guess if Michael Clarke had to cry during a eulogy , I get to do a weep . ' McGregor believes Mr Abbott was n't given the credit he deserved for publicly embracing her and risking a wedge within his own party . ` He received cynical abuse from some quarters , ' she said . ` There 's no denying it , he has been vilified and become a hate figure to some extent . ' And she wo n't attack him publicly , including his stance on same-sex marriage or his performance as minister for women . ` The one thing I 'm not going to do is shop a friend for a round of applause . ' The ABC did however report that she said : ` He 's not a supporter of gay marriage , I 'm sad about that . '