A 26-year-old woman has been arrested for ` Facebook thugging ' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users ' ` misdirected threats ' . Kristin Holmes allegedly uploaded the controversial image - in which she is seen beaming while holding the deadly weapon - after she was mistaken for another woman during a Facebook feud . She captioned the photo : ` I 'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you `` come find me '' . ' She then ` exchanged words ' with the other users on the site , it is reported . Illegal image : Kristin Holmes , 26 , has been arrested for ` Facebook thugging ' after posting this photo of herself pointing a gun -LRB- pictured -RRB- on the social networking site in response to other users ' ` misdirected threats ' ` Threatening ' : She captioned the photo -LRB- pictured -RRB- : ` I 'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you `` come find me '' . ' She then ` exchanged words ' with the other users on the site , it is reported . After a user reported the picture to Henrico Police , Holmes , who lives in Chesterfield , Virginia , was arrested . She has since been charged with harassment by computer , according to WWBT . She is now facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and a $ 2,500 fine . Speaking to the broadcaster , Holmes said she considered her charge ` ridiculous ' - especially because she supposedly uploaded the photo in the context of a heated online argument . ` It was n't a threat . I thought it was a funny picture , and then I realized later that it was a little bit intimidating . So I took it down , ' she said , adding : ` What happened to freedom of speech ? ' Addressing other social media users , the animal-lover continued : ` Be careful what you put on the internet , because you can go to jail for it . Facebook thugging is a crime . ' Confused : ` It was n't a threat . I thought it was a funny picture , and then I realized later that it was a little bit intimidating . So I took it down , ' Holmes told WWBT -LRB- pictured -RRB- , adding : ` What happened to freedom of speech ? ' Police : After a user reported the picture to Henrico Police , Holmes , who lives in Chesterfield , Virginia , was arrested . Above , Kevin Carroll , of the Fraternal Order of Police , said Holmes 's behavior was illegal in Virginia . Kevin Carroll , of the Fraternal Order of Police , said Holmes 's behavior was illegal in Virginia , where the law bans sending vulgar or indecent language , or threatening illegal acts , via computer . ` There is no such thing as a petty crime , ' he said . ` If it 's against the law to say it in public . . why would n't it be against the law to say it to someone through a computer ? ' It is not the first time a suspect has been arrested due to a Facebook post . Last November , it emerged that a New Mexico man had been detained and was facing charges after posting photos of stolen guns from an unsolved burglary on to the social networking site . Suspect : Holmes -LRB- above -RRB- is facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could lead to one year in jail and a $ 2,500 fine . Social network : The suspect said she plans to appeal against her charge , which stemmed from her behavior on Facebook -LRB- file picture -RRB- . She warned other social media users : ` Be careful what you put on the internet ' Police said they lacked any leads until the victim spotted pictures of his stolen guns on the Facebook page of his friend , Christopher Banegas , whom the victim had not suspected prior to the discovery . Banegas , thought to be a father in his late 30s , was later charged with aggravated burglary , larceny of a firearm , and tampering with evidence in relation to the crime , according to KOB-TV . Holmes , whose Facebook page is filled with photos of her three pet dogs , plans to appeal against her charge .