Midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate has warned West Ham must be ready to face a ` wounded animal ' at Manchester City on Sunday , but will be ready to inflict more pain on Manuel Pellegrini 's men . The Barclays Premier League champions have seen their title defence left in tatters following a run of four defeats in six matches , thrashed 4-2 at rivals United last weekend - a result which left the long-term future of manager Pellegrini in doubt as City might now face a scrap with Liverpool for a Champions League qualifying spot . West Ham are also in need a pick-me-up , having seen victory slip through their fingers when Stoke netted a stoppage time equaliser at Upton Park . West Ham midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate is wary of facing champions Manchester City on Sunday . City midfielder Yaya Toure -LRB- centre -RRB- and his team-mates suffered a 4-2 defeat at Old Trafford last week . Senegal midfielder Kouyate expects City to produce a response , but also one from Sam Allardyce 's squad , who have failed to find consistency over the second half of the season to drop out of contention for the European places . ` Anything is possible in football , but we must n't forget who we are up against . They are a wounded animal , because they need points , so they have to wake themselves up to win , ' Kouyate said on the club 's official website , www.whufc.com . ` We need the points as well , because we want to remain in the top 10 . ` It is not going to be easy because we will be up against one of the best teams in the country and last year 's champions of England . ` If we are going to get anything there , we have to enjoy it and really play as a team and work as a team . ' Kouyate celebrates with left back Aaron Cresswell after his goal against Stoke at Upton Park last Saturday . Marouane Fellaini -LRB- right -RRB- scores United 's second goal as City fell to another Premier League defeat . Kouyate added : ` A team like Manchester City ca n't afford to make mistakes , so for us it 's a good time to face them , but we must n't underestimate them , there 's life in them yet . ' West Ham look short of options in attack . Striker Enner Valencia is being assessed for a foot injury picked up on his return to action against Stoke , while Diafra Sakho , who has netted 12 goals in all competitions , is facing a battle to play again this season following a thigh strain . Allardyce is hoping his team can produce the required level of concentration to accommodate their forward losses . He said : ` That leaves us very short on the front line with Andy -LRB- Carroll -RRB- being out , and means goals will be fewer and farther between than they used to be , so if we do n't get that defensive side right then the last six games are going to be tough for us . '