Police have issued a warrant for the arrest of a woman charged with bestiality after police found footage on her mobile phone of her allegedly having sex with a dog . Jenna Louise Driscoll , 25 , was due to face Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs , one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog . Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged last year with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug . She was remanded on bail to appear at the court last week , and did not show , and again on Monday for the matters to he heard . After her second fail to appear , police issued an arrest warrant . Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug and unlawful wounding . The 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last October and was remanded to appear in court on April 13 , but failed to show prompting police to issue a warrant . Police were carrying out checks on Driscoll 's phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog . Driscoll was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday but did n't show up and is now wanted by police on seven drug charges , one of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog . Following her court appearance last October , the 25-year-old was pictured arriving home accompanied by an unidentified man and a pet dog . The dog , believed to be a pitbull terrier , climbed the stairs to Driscoll 's cream coloured residence , where neighbours say she has lived for some time . Driscoll entered her house and remained for a very short amount of time , before leaving with the man in the sedan . The charges laid against Driscoll came when police had earlier carried out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking and discovered the three videos . ` This is n't something you 'd normally expect , it 's quite unusual . The last case I can recall was a few years ago , it certainly is n't something we hear reported often , ' said Mark Townend , CEO of RSPCA Queensland . ` Under the Animal Care Protection Act bestiality is n't included . To take action and remove the dog we would have to prove actions there were cruel or that it was tormented . ' ` The RSPCA would ideally like to get a dog out of the situation if bestiality was happening , but to operate under the act we would have to prove those two things . ' ` We 'd try to do everything we can to help the dog if that is the case . ' Driscoll was also charged with two counts of possession of an item used in the commission of a crime and three counts of supplying . She was granted bail but will have to report to police once a week and live at an apartment at Enoggera , south-west of Brisbane . Police prosecutor Sergeant Scott Pearson said Driscoll had allegedly been dealing cannabis to friends . Text messages showed that Driscoll had arranged for 113 grams of the drug to be sold for $ 1,150 and on another occasion 85 grams for $ 900 , according to Sgt Pearson . It was when police were investigating the text messages they located the videos of Driscoll allegedly having sex with the dog . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .