A Philadelphia woman was arrested Friday on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the Islamic State group , a day after two women in New York were charged with plotting to wage jihad by building a bomb and using it for a Boston Marathon-type attack . Keonna Thomas , 30 , was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group , authorities said , but instead was arrested at her home . Authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic State group fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation and that she told the fighter that the opportunity ` would be amazing , ' according to the documents . ` I can make that wish come true , ' the fighter reportedly replied . She appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black , with just her eyes showing , and will remain in custody until her next appearance on April 8 . Scroll down for video . Keonna Thomas was arrested in Philadelphia -LRB- above -RRB- Friday as she tried to join ISIS . Thomas ' home -LRB- above -RRB- , which had been under surveillance by FBI for the past week , had American flags lined up outside . She also actively spoke of her desires on a Twitter account that has since been removed . ` I see why the mujahideen -LSB- violent jihadi fighters -RSB- Sacrifice Dunya -LSB- life on earth -RSB- for Akhirah -LSB- the afterlife -RSB- there 's no comparison , ' read one tweet according to NBC 4 . Another said ; ` Only thing I 'm jealous of is when I see the smiles of shuhadaa -LSB- martyrs -RSB- . ' Her home , which had been under surveillance by FBI for the past week , had American flags lined up outside . In one exchange with the fighter , they discussed how he would shoot or behead his wife if she turned out to be a spy . ` Cutting head is more personal , ' Thomas replied . It 's unclear if she has a lawyer who could comment on the charges . She is due to make an initial appearance in federal court Friday afternoon . Thomas ' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in New York in another home-grown terror case . They are accused of plotting to wage violent jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings . The women were ordered held without bail after a brief court appearance Thursday . The lawyer for one of them said his client will plead not guilty . Thomas is charged with providing material aid to terrorists , one of the same charges filed in 2010 against another Pennsylvania woman , Colleen LaRose , known as Jihad Jane , and two co-defendants in a terror plot that prosecutors say also involved online messages and recruitment for overseas terror suspects . Thomas ' posts in support of the Islamic State started in August 2013 , when she reposted a Twitter photograph of a boy holding weapons , authorities charged . She called herself Fatayat Al Khilafah and YoungLioness and tweeted posts such as `` When you 're a mujahid , your death becomes a wedding , '' according to the FBI affidavit filed in the case . A mujahid is one who engages in jihad . She soon began trying to raise money for the cause online and told a Somalia-based jihadi fighter from Minnesota that she soon hoped to have enough money to travel , authorities said . She applied for a passport in February and bought a ticket to travel to Barcelona on March 29 , the affidavit said . Authorities would not immediately say why she had not made the trip . She is facing up to 15 years in prison . In the Jihadi Jane case , LaRose got a 10-year term in January for agreeing to kill Swedish artist Lars Vilks , who drew a cartoon that had offended Muslims , while another American woman , Jamie Paulin-Ramirez , got eight years . An immigrant teen from Pakistan got five years .