A New Jersey school teacher took the mic at a town hall meeting Tuesday to tell presumptive 2016 presidential candidate Chris Christie that he needs to check his attitude at the door . ` I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit , ' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer , ` if you want to become president of the United States . ' Meyer said it would be difficult for her to explain to her young students why it 's okay for a presidential figure to say ` shut up ' and ` idiot . ' Cool it : New Jersey schoolteacher Cheryl Meyer told Chris Christie to cool it with the attitude at a town hall meeting Tuesday . ` I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit , ' said Meyer -LRB- left -RRB- , ` if you want to become president of the United States ' Christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled . ` There are always going to be differences of opinion in style , ' he said before explaining , to applause , that he does n't believe public figures must answer politely no matter how nasty a question or comment might be . ` Sometimes I just want to do it , ' when people have pushed his buttons , he said . Whereas , other times , ` you just have a bad day . ' Christie 's response seemed to please many in the audience , who clapped each chance they got to affirm Christie 's no-nonsense attitude . However , according to NBC New York , one member of the audience was sure to see things a little differently . Watching the Matawan town hall meeting was Jim Keady , who Christie famously told to ` sit down and shut up ' for heckling him over the disbursement of Superstorm Sandy funds . Christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled . ` There are always going to be differences of opinion in style ' he said before explaining , to applause , that he does n't believe public figures must answer politely no matter how nasty a question or comment might be . ` Of course you have the urge . You 're a human being . ... But it 's called self-control , it 's called respect for your office , ' said Keady , who is now running for state assembly . Whether its his nice side or temperamental side , what seems certain is that we 'll all be seeing a lot of Chris Christie in the coming weeks and months . The potential Republican presidential contender will be kicking off what his team has dubbed a ` Tell it like it is ' town hall tour in Londonderry , New Hampshire on April 15 . A spokeswoman for his political action committee says a second town hall will he held on April 17 . He 'll also hold events in Manchester and Newmarket and speak at a New Hampshire GOP-organized summit in Nashua . The trip will be Christie 's first extended swing through the early voting state that is seen a place where his blunt style could play well with voters . Christie 's office says he 's held over 130 town hall events during his tenure as governor . Whether its his nice side or temperamental side , what seems certain is that we 'll all be seeing a lot of Chris Christie in the coming weeks and months.The potential Republican presidential contender will be kicking off what his team has dubbed a ` Tell it like it is ' town hall tour in Londonderry , New Hampshire on April 15 .