With the date of their hugely anticipated bout less than a month away , Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao 's training intensity has hit gruelling levels ahead of the clash in Las Vegas . Mayweather is as renowned for showing off his extravagant lifestyle as he is for going undefeated in his professional career . But the latest pictures released from his training camp , appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head , displays the extreme level he hits in order to be as fit as possible for his fights . Manny Pacquiao -LRB- right -RRB- poses alongside actor Mark Wahlberg , who visited the Filipino at training . Floyd Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing hold a weight from his head . Mayweather -LRB- left -RRB- takes on Pacquiao in a £ 160million mega-fight in Las Vegas on May 2 . Mayweather -LRB- left -RRB- appeared to take his training intensity to a new height before his meeting with Pacquiao . As for Pacquiao , he had a famous visitor check up on his preparations for May 2 . Actor Mark Wahlberg stopped by to see the Filipino going through his paces and Pacquiao took to Twitter to thank him for stopping by . ` Thank you @mark_wahlberg for visiting me and supporting me at training in preparation for May 2 . Thank you Lord , ' Pacquiao wrote alongside the image of the pair . But despite taking time out from his training to meet Wahlberg , Pacquiao made sure it was known he has not backed off the intensity of his regime . ` Do n't make training easy , ' Pacquiao said on Twitter . ` Make it harder so that you will get better . ' Pacquiao also tweeted a picture showing the physical shape he is in with another 27 days to go before the meeting with Mayweather . Mayweather -LRB- left -RRB- goes through his paces in training while Pacquiao released a picture of his physical shape . Mayweather -LRB- right -RRB- released a series of pictures of his training camp to social media sight Shots . Pacquiao and Mayweather 's clash will be a reported £ 160million mega-fight , with Pacquiao seeking to inflict a first ever defeat upon Mayweather . The 36-year-old Pacquiao also uploaded a picture to his Twitter page away from training with his daughter . ` My daughter wrote in her What I like about my Dad book # 46 ` I am so happy that you are a great husband to mommy . ' Pacquiao said . Mayweather , meanwhile , shared an image of him listening to music to wind down from his training schedule . Mayweather -LRB- right -RRB- is seeking to avoid a first ever career defeat when he takes on Pacquiao . Pacquiao uploaded a pictire of him enjoying time with his daughter , away from his training base . Mayweather relaxes away from his training camp by listening to some music .