UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them in next month 's General Election . Thorpe revealed during the England Lions tour of South Africa that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago . But he goes on to admit that his UKIP backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol and the former Surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies , which are due to be published this week . UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them in the General Election . Thorpe revealed that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party , led by Nigel Farage , a year ago . Thorpe says of the UKIP approach : ` It was when I had just had a few drinks . So I shall read through all the manifestos before making a decision . ' Other big-name cricketers who have been linked with UKIP are Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott but both deny any association . Botham called speculation that UKIP wanted him to stand at the Election against Ed Miliband ` total rubbish ' . And Boycott said his only UKIP connection of any sort was through being a long-time friend of the party 's biggest benefactor , Yorkshire business tycoon Paul Sykes . Sir Ian Botham called speculation that UKIP wanted him to stand against Ed Miliband ` total rubbish ' Meanwhile , England selector Mick Newell supports Labour but will not be voting as Tory cricket lover Ken Clarke enjoys such a big majority in his Rushcliffe constituency , which includes Trent Bridge . Nor will Adam Lyth , a member of the England squad in West Indies , who said : ` I have never voted , my family do n't vote and I never shall vote . ' Another selector , Gus Fraser , is also disenchanted with politics , telling the Cricketer magazine for its next edition : ` I 've lost some interest because politicians are so bloody awful and any mistake they make is absolutely nailed in the media . But the Conservatives are favourite to get my vote . ' Adam Lyth , a member of the England squad in West Indies , says he will not be voting in the General Election . Derek Pringle , a top cricket writer who was a casualty of the Daily Telegraph 's unfathomable editorial strategy , has been approached about becoming cricket consultant of Oman . However , the Oman sponsorship money needed to fund Pringle 's 50-day consultancy has yet to arrive . Derek Pringle , a top cricket writer , has been approached about becoming cricket consultant of Oman . Peter Alliss , 84-year-old dinosaur of BBC 's golf coverage , looked to a number of viewers as if he was chewing gum before the start of the last day of the Masters while talking to presenter Hazel Irvine about what was in store at Augusta . However , a BBC spokeswoman insisted it was n't the case and the jaw movement was more connected with age . Peter Alliss -LRB- right -RRB- looked to a number of viewers as if he was chewing gum at the Masters on Sunday . Louis Saha , a striker who never realised his full potential in a career that included spells at Fulham , Manchester United , Everton and Spurs , is now doing what he can to ensure players receive the best advice over agents . Saha has set up Axis Stars which , through social media , is aiming to offer footballers all the information they need about middlemen just when FIFA have passed the buck to national associations to regulate agents . Saha , who has Chelsea 's Didier Drogba on board , says : ` I would have welcomed this type of independent help when I was player . ' Retired Louis Saha -LRB- right -RRB- is now doing what he can to ensure players receive the best advice over agents . Chelsea centre forward Didier Drogba is on board with Saha 's new scheme to help players with advice . Smith vaults into Euros . There is plenty of consternation in gymnastics that Olympic medallist and Strictly Come Dancing champion Louis Smith has been chosen to represent Great Britain at the European Championships this week . It is felt Smith was selected as much for his celebrity as his current form , which is now limited to the pommel horse . Most aggrieved is City of Leeds gymnast Ashley Watson , who competes at international level at four disciplines compared with Smith 's one . It is felt Louis Smith was selected for the European Championships as much for his celebrity as his form . BBC Radio 5 Live heavily promoted their Friday night audience with champion jockey Tony McCoy , who was due to be interviewed by star anchor Mark Pougatch . But Pougatch failed to make it to the University of Liverpool for the show , having been stuck on the M6 . Being let down by the unreliable Merseyrail would have been a better excuse . Tony McCoy was due to be interviewed by star anchor Mark Pougatch for the BBC but the latter missed it . Jimmy Anderson 's century of Tests , which he brought up at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium yesterday , includes the abandoned 10-ball farce the last time England were in Antigua . Anderson played no part that day in 2009 but MCC rule that if the teams are named and the toss takes place it counts as a Test match . Jimmy Anderson 's century of Tests includes the abandoned 10-ball farce the last time England were in Antigua .