A three-year-old girl was airlifted to hospital after being mauled in the face by her family 's pet dog at their home . The toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after the Alaskan Malamute crossed with a Siberian Huskey clamped its jaws around her head at their home in Neyland , Pembrokeshire . She was playing in the garden on Thursday afternoon when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog ` gripping ' the three-year-old by her head . A three-year-old girl was airlifted to Morriston Hospital -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Swansea after being mauled in the face by her family 's pet dog . They wrestled the animal free but the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull . Her injuries were so severe that she had to be airlifted to Morriston Hospital in Swansea 60 miles away and her family are currently at her bedside . The dog was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed . A Dyfed Powys Police spokesman said : ` The incident occurred inside the family home and was by all accounts an attack that came completely out of the blue . Newborn Eliza-Mae Mullane -LRB- pictured -RRB- was killed by an Alaskan Malamoute in March 2014 . ` The dog had not been left unsupervised with the little girl and if it had not been for the fast actions of a family member , her injuries could have been far more serious . ` Police have thoroughly looked into this matter and are satisfied that this was a very unfortunate incident that no one could have foreseen . There will be no further investigation . ` She sustained head injuries and was conveyed to Morriston Hospital in Swansea by Air Ambulance . Her condition is not life threatening . ` Following the police response to the incident , the dog was safely contained and taken to a local vet . ` In accordance with the wishes of the family the dog was destroyed . ' A six-day-old baby girl was killed by an Alaskan Malamoute 40 miles away in the village of Pontyberem , Carmarthenshire in March 2014 . Eliza-Mae Mullane was pulled from her pram and bitten by the family 's pet dog at her home , an inquest heard . Neighbours heard the baby 's mother Sharon John , 42 , scream : ` The dog ate my baby 's head ' , after discovering her body next to the dog called Nisha . Alaskan Malamute are not a banned breed under the Dangerous Dogs Act . They were originally bred as sled dogs for work in the Arctic , but are now popular as family pets . The Alaskan Malamute Club of the United Kingdom describes the breed as an ` affectionate , friendly , loyal , devoted companion ' on its website . It says an ideal Alaskan Malamute is ` heavily boned , powerfully built ' . The Alaskan Malamute -LRB- not pictured -RRB- was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed .