Jack Wilshere may rub shoulders with the likes of Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil on a daily basis but he was left starstruck on Thursday evening when he met Brazil legend Pele . Even better for Wilshere , the Arsenal midfielder was given the opportunity to interview the three-time World Cup winner during the launch party of 10Ten Talent . Both Wilshere and Pele , along with Glenn Hoddle , are clients and the England international made sure his fans on Twitter knew about their meeting by posting several tweets . Brazil legend Pele -LRB- left -RRB- and Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere pose for a photo during launch of 10Ten Talent . Wilshere was given the ` honour to interview the legendary Pele ' and asked Twitter questions from fans . Earlier on Thursday , Wilshere tweeted : ` Looking forward to meeting @Pele tonight . I 'll be asking the best questions you sent . #JackMeetsPele . ' The 23-year-old then followed this up with several tweets about the event , many of which included photos of Pele . Meanwhile , Pele has acknowledged that last year 's World Cup was a ` disaster ' for Brazil but is not surprised how quickly the likes of Oscar and Ramires have bounced back in the Barclays Premier League this season . Brazil were humiliated by Germany in a 7-1 semi-final defeat and the hosts were then thrashed 3-0 by Holland in the third-place play-off . Pele scored 77 goals in 92 games for Brazil and won the World Cup three times but the former Santos striker still finds last year 's capitulation difficult to understand . ` It was something nobody can explain , ' said Pele , who was announcing the Art , Life , Football exhibition at the Halcyon Gallery in London . Glenn Hoddle also attended the launch and along with Pele and Wilshere , the trio are all 10Ten Talent clients . Pele has bemoaned Brazil 's performance as hosts at last summer 's World Cup and said it was ` a disaster ' The Brazil legend scored 77 goals in 92 games for his country and won the World Cup three times . ` When we were preparing for the World Cup the two teams everybody , even people who do n't know football , expected to be in the final were Spain and Brazil . ` Those were the two teams that were supposed to be in the final . ` But the German team , I saw them play two years before and they were very , very good . They were very well prepared . ` And then of course there was the disaster , it really was a disaster . ` It was something nobody could predict . David Luiz -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his team-mates were humiliated by Germany in the semi-final as they lost 7-1 . Germany were 5-0 up in 29 minutess as Fred -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his team-mates suffered an embarrassing defeat . ` Brazil could lose , 1-0 or 2-0 , but to lose 7-1 and the second game -LRB- third place play-off -RRB- we lost 3-0 , it 's something only God can explain . ' The five-time World Cup winners have regrouped under new head coach Dunga and Brazil 's Premier League based players have shown few ill-effects this season . Oscar and Ramires have helped Chelsea to a 10-point lead at the top of the table while Liverpool 's Philippe Coutinho has been shortlisted for both the Professional Footballers ' Association Player and Young Player of the Year awards . Pele has , however , praised Oscar -LRB- left -RRB- and Ramires -LRB- right -RRB- for their reaction in the Premier League this season . ` I am not surprised , I follow the league here , ' Pele said . ` Of course sometimes what happened to Brazil happens in football . ` You see the team as the best team and they lose . ` It was not a surprise to me -LRB- that the players have bounced back -RRB- . ` I had the pleasure to be in a commercial with Oscar recently and I congratulated him . ' The Art , Life , Football is an exhibition of art inspired by Pele to celebrate his 75th birthday.The exhibition will open September 26 and include work from internationally acclaimed artists including Andy Warhol , Lorenzo Quinn and Mitch Griffiths .