Tucked along the coastline of the second smallest country in South America , the tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is almost unknown around the world . But every summer , this sleepy backwater hosts the creme de la creme of the fashion world , celebrities and more than a few millionaire playboys . Staying in shabby chic cottages or sleek hotels overlooking the sea , they converge of the beach - a mass of honeyed limbs and perfect figures stretched out in the sun while planning where to party that night . The tiny village of Jose Ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous , filed with pretty villas and sleek beach huts . Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood -LRB- left -RRB- and Colombian singer Shakira -LRB- right -RRB- are among the stars said to have escaped the spotlight by holidaying in the chic resort of Jose Ignacio . So , what has brought everyone from Colombian singer Shakira to Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood and restaurateur and playboy Giuseppe Cipriani - the man behind the glamorous Cipriani restaurants dotted around the world 's most stylish cities - to these shores ? Wedged between oversized neighbours Argentina and Brazil , Uruguay has largely stayed off the radar for European and American travellers , but has long been a favourite summer spot for South Americans thanks to its endless golden beaches and low prices . With an area of just 68,000 square miles , the country 's sizeable Atlantic coastline is home to pretty villages , two major cities - the capital Montevideo and the glorious colonial Portuguese town of Colonia - while the interior is dotted with little more than estancia farms breeding cattle and growing wine . Each summer -LRB- during the American and European winter -RRB- , Uruguay 's beaches are taken over by well-heeled Brazilians and Argentinians looking for good food and sunshine . Even the luxury boutiques selling trinkets alongside designer products are designed in the shabby chic beach style . La Huella is one of the most famous restaurants in Jose Ignacio and a favourite with holidaymakers for its relaxed beach atmosphere . As telenovela -LRB- soap opera -RRB- actresses and Latin film stars descended on the coast , one resort in particular became the haunt of the rich and famous . Punta del Este , about 85 miles east of Montevideo , was soon known as the Miami of South America , with sumptuous hotels , pop-up restaurants run by celebrity chefs and visitors ranging from supermodels and actors to company CEOs . There are so many celebrity homes in the area that there has actually been a bus tour launched , much like the ones in LA and New York . And Punta del Este even has its own area called Beverly Hills . Naomi Campbell has visited , as have British and Spanish royalty , footballer Diego Maradona has a house nearby and even former US president George Bush has stayed . Locals and visitors stay understated in their beachwear -LRB- left -RRB- and the entrance of the village itself is posted with colourful signs by the side of the sandy roads . The dark-tiled pool perfectly reflects the sky and blends in with the sea beyond at the exclusive Playa Vik hotel . While the golden beaches of Uruguay are the main draw for Argentinian and Brazilian visitors , but those coming from further afield may want to combine Jose Ignacio and Punta del Este with some other hotspots . Colonia del Sacramento is perhaps Uruguay 's prettiest town , with cobbled streets and crumbling buildings left over from Portuguese and Spanish rule . Colonia del Sacramento sits across the Rio de la Plata from Argentina -LRB- Buenos Aires is just an hour away by ferry -RRB- . Owing its heritage to a mix of Portuguese and Spanish colonialism - the two battled over its strategic location - it is a maze of pretty cobbled streets , bougainvillea-draped buildings and a crumbling lighthouse with panoramic views . The picture-perfect spot is does n't take long to explore but is ideal for a couple of lazy days strolling the streets , eating in patio restaurants and enjoying the atmosphere . The capital Montevideo tends to divide opinion among travellers . Some blast the city for its high-rise buildings and lack of colonial charm -LRB- at least when compared to nearby Colonia -RRB- . But the quirky capital does have some of the buzz of its rival across the water Buenos Aires , with a beautiful 19th century market near the port crammed with restaurants serving asado -LRB- barbecue beef -RRB- and endless bottles of wine . The city has a necklace of beaches which come alive in the summer time with events and eateries and there is a faded beauty in the crumbling towers and Art Deco buildings of the city . Tango bars and theatres have combined to give the city a reputation as a true cultural hub in Uruguay . If you want to head away from the cities , then travel inland to the various estancias -LRB- ranches -RRB- that dominate the country 's interior . There is a good business in rural tourism here , with estancias offering stays to visitors - ranging from the basic to the super-luxurious - and the chance to ride gaucho-style on horses through the countryside , learn about their culture and tuck into the freshest asado beef there is . Website www.welcomeuruguay.com has some options listed . With so many big names rubbing shoulders in one town , it is on wonder the ultra-chic crowd started to head elsewhere for some peace and quiet - which is how they happened upon tiny Jose Ignacio , just 22 miles east along the coast . Happen upon it on a quiet day and you would never know how popular it is . The tarmac road gives way to sand at the entrance of the village , pretty clapboard houses probably look more elegant than most , and signs pointing to chic boutiques and eateries are subtle . In the centre of the village is a simple square decorated with colourful flowers . There are no high rises , no gaudy luxury hotels , just an assortment of those shabby chic-style buildings that make the perfect romantic backdrop for fashion shoots - something which is not lost on the fashion directors of the world 's glossiest magazines , who flock to the area to create stylish beach spreads . The hotels in the area hide behind walls and fences , leaving them almost invisible to the average visitor , while at the same time showcasing spectacular ocean views to their guests , taking advantage of the village 's location on a peninsula jutting out to sea . The suites sit in individual huts covered in grass and wildflowers and the bedrooms boast spectacular views out to sea from the floor-to-ceiling windows . The central titanium and glass structure was designed as a sculpture and the back opens up onto the terrace and infinity pool . From the restaurant , guests can stroll out on to the terrace and sit by the pool which blends in with the sea beyond . One such sleek addition is Playa Vik , built by Norwegian-born hotelier Alex Vik , it is a sleek modern design which should n't work with the traditional ambience of the village but somehow does . Virgin Holidays Worldwide Journeys offers a 17-day Best of South America trip from £ 3,829 pp . The trip includes return flights from London Heathrow to Lima and returning from Rio de Janeiro , accommodation and sightseeing encompassing Lima , Yucay , Machu Picchu , Cusco , Puno , Iguassu Falls , Buenos Aires and Rio de Janeiro . Price is based on two adults sharing a standard room on a mixed board basis and includes sightseeing with experienced English-speaking guides and transfers . An additional trip to Uruguay can be added into the itinerary at an extra cost . Stone and glass huts sit under grass roofs dotted with wildflowers , blending them in with their surroundings and are organised in a circle around a central grassy area . Inside , huge stone baths and showers give the bathroom a rustic feel , while the huge bedrooms have quirky quotes scrawled across them -LRB- a favourite is : ` May the fleas of a thousand camels infest the crotch of the person who screws up your day and may their arms be too short to scratch ' -RRB- . The floor-to-ceiling windows provide spectacular ocean views to those lucky enough to enjoy the end properties , and there are more chances to contemplate the seascape from the rooms on the top floor of the main building - a huge rectangular titanium and glass structure designed as an enormous sculpture . Paintings hang on every wall , a cosy library gives way to a grand open room used as a casual restaurant throughout the day and evening , but the showstopper is the missing fourth wall , leading out to decking and a narrow infinity swimming pool , complete with dark tiling , which juts straight out towards the sea and is illuminated with star-like lights at night . By day , guests languidly swim while looking out to sea and across the golden sands and in the evening , the terrace is the perfect place to watch the sun go down while enjoying a glass of Uruguayan wine . It may not be as famous as its Argentine neighbour , but the beef and wine in Uruguay is just as fabulous -LRB- just do n't say that to an Argentinian -RRB- . During my stay , bankers , fashion designers and movie executives mingle over fresh breakfasts , discuss their plans to explore further afield and generally create a convivial atmosphere so very different from the hugs nameless , faceless hotels often found at beach resorts . Chic beach houses are the order of the day in Jose Ignacio , with understated clapboard getting a modern twist and beach attire very much on the casual side . Uruguayan painter Carlos Paez Vilaro created this fairy tale home Casapueblo in Punta del Este perched on a clifftop and looking out to sea - visitors can tor the quirky property today and learn more about the artist or stay in the part of it converted into a hotel . Playa Vik has been such a success that down the road Estancia Vik has recently opened , providing a grander , more traditional atmosphere with its luxurious ` farmhouse ' , but it has a similar atmosphere to its siter hotel , created by spectacular works of art on every wall , fantastic food and a personalised service -LRB- I never meet a member of staff who does n't greet me by name -RRB- . For those looking for more than relaxation on the beach , the estancia offers the chance to ride horses through the countryside like a gaucho and take to the local rivers in a kayak . The best eateries frequented by the great and good are the stylish but casual dining options on the beach . Mostrador Santa Teresita was set up by Argentinian chef Fernando Trocca , serving fresh seafood and glorious salads . Parador La Huella is one of the most popular restaurants in town and opens with the same staff every year , serving only local produce and spectacular asados -LRB- barbecues -RRB- , while La Susana also boasts a beautiful beach spot and has long been famed for its glorious barbecued meat paired with wines .