With a mother as glamorous and as make-up savvy as Kim Kardashian , it 's no surprise that her one-year-old daughter North West is already developing an obsession with beauty products - and shoes . The 34-year-old mom , who married rapper Kanye West in May last year , spoke with Elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman , mother , wife and dressing her post-baby body . ' -LSB- North -RSB- is obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself , ' Kim told the website . ` She just loves the process . She could not be more ultimately girly-girl . ' Scroll down for video . Mini-me : Kim Kardashian and her 22-month-old daughter North West wear matching back while sightseeing in Armenia last week . The mother-of-one noted that after she gives North , who will turn two in June , a bath her adorable daughter always asks for her ` purse ' because she really wants to grab her mom 's make-up bag , which is inside . Kim said that if she turns around for a second , North will have her lipstick ` all over her face ' , so she had to give her a ` little make-up bag ' of her own . Not surprisingly , the reality TV star , who often matches North 's outfits to her own , admitted that she likes it when kid 's wear ` mini-me styles ' and she loves ` seeing kids in black ' . While Kim insisted that North ` gravitates towards really simple things ' when it comes to clothing , she noted that her little girl ` loves accessories ' . Hot mommy : The 34-year-old , pictured in a figure-hugging nude skirt , said she thinks she dresses sexier now that is a mother . Family time : Kim can be seen holding North 's hand while she and Kanye tour Armenia . Stellar style : North wore a black fringed dress , black combat boots and an olive green jacket while out with her parents . According to Kim , the toddler always requests a pair of shoes to wear first thing in the morning . She added that North ` just discovered backpacks so she loves to put them on ' . In fact , North loves luggage in general . The precious tot , who has been photographed lugging a small Frozen-themed suitcase through the airport , always tries to take her mom 's luggage . ` We got the Frozen suitcase so she has to carry it everywhere , ' she explained . ` It took us about 30 minutes longer to get through the airport because she had to carry her suitcase herself . ' She noted that North did n't want to be picked up , adding : ` She 's very independent . Holiday spirit : North donned a flower and a white ensemble that matched her mother 's dress when the Kardashian family went to church on Easter . Matching looks : Kim and North donned neutral coats during a trip to the airport . Kim believes that her daughter 's independence may have to do with the fact she was adamant about North sleeping in her own room - and now that 's where she prefers to be . ` She kind of likes to be in her own room and that has allowed -LSB- Kanye and I -RSB- to have our time together , ' she said . Kim said that she does n't want to tell anyone how to parent , but it was important to her as a new mom that she set boundaries and dedicate five to ten percent of her day to herself in order to maintain her sanity . ` It worked for me to be able to get my work out in , make me feel good about myself , put my daughter down to bed at a decent time , and have the night with my husband , ' she said . In sync : North , who loves accessories , was photographed wearing a YSL bag to the airport and striped pants that matched her mom 's button-down shirt . And because those post-baby workouts helped her get back in shape , she has a newfound confidence that has has inspired her to flaunt her body in cleavage-baring tops and figure-hugging dresses . ' -LSB- I think I dress -RSB- sexier now than I did before , ' she said of her mommy style . Kim and her sisters Kourtney and Khloe are preparing for the launch of their latest Kardashian Kids children 's collection at Nordstrom.com on Monday , and the entrepreneur noted that she always gives 100per cent of herself to every project she takes on . ` Nothing comes easy , ' she said . ` I know that people joke all the time and try to figure out , you know , what it is that I do , but I work really hard . I get up every day at 5 a.m. and start my day . '