Glowing tributes were paid yesterday to cricketing legend Richie Benaud , after his death at 84 from skin cancer . At Lord 's , MCC flags were lowered , and the Australian government offered a state funeral for the man who never lost a Test series as his country 's captain , then became a commentator . David Cameron said he had ` grown up listening to Richie Benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary ' , while his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott called it ` a sad day for Australia ' . Retiring as a player in 1964 , Benaud 's masterful analysis was universally revered . Here , we reproduce a tribute paid by the Mail 's brilliant sports columnist IAN WOOLDRIDGE -- which he wrote in 2005 after coverage of live international cricket in England switched from terrestrial to satellite TV , depriving cricket fans of Benaud 's voice ... Richie Benaud in the commentary box at the Oval for the final test of the 2005 Ashes . Thereafter international cricket fans in England lost his genius when live game switched from terrestrial to satellite TV . So it is farewell , then , to the Master of Measured Words . Richie Benaud will not be returning to England next summer to sustain his pre-eminence as cricket 's finest commentator . That is not merely my judgment . A recent poll by The Wisden Cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12,000 votes . Precisely 10,128 of them nominated Benaud as the best . Fortunately , he does not leave us without a word or several of advice to those who seek to emulate his success , particularly retired players whose agents deem them instantly equipped to pick up a microphone and irritate us with an effluent of Tower of Babel verbiage . He does so in a valedictory book which is an encyclopaedia of broadcasting wisdom . He names no names . He is too polite for that . Nor is there a hint of the tetchiness that occasionally afflicts icons in their pensionable years . At 74 , Benaud is still as fit as a flea , the result of a lifestyle as measured as his commentating . Yes , there are rare occasions when he will let down his hair with the rest of us , but when serious business is afoot he will rise from an increasingly raucous dinner party , check his watch that it is exactly 10 pm and announce : ` Thank you very much . We 're off . ' At sunrise next morning , he and Daphne , his elegant and unfailingly supportive English wife , will be striding out on their three-mile constitutional . Benaud representing Australia in 1961 . He led his country as captain in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series . He is meticulous in all things . On TV commentary days , even Daphne is not allowed to iron his shirts . He presses them himself . He is a food faddist , preparing his Test match lunch boxes at home to be certain of what he is eating . Once , he took a week-long course in Italy to learn how to cook pasta to perfection . His desks at his homes in London , South of France and Sydney are polished plateaux of precision , his reference-book shelves indexed for instant reach . It is this unrelenting self-discipline , instilled by a schoolmaster and great club cricketer father and a lovely mother -- there is a gorgeous picture of her celebrating her 100th birthday with Richie and his Test cricketer brother John in the book -- that launched him into his dual career life . The first , of course , was in cricket , where to haul oneself from school , to club , to State , the Australian team and then its captaincy was a classic climb . Benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series . Such was his cunning as a wrist-spinner that his batsmanship was often overlooked . In fact , he became the first , in an era when far fewer Tests were played , to scale the double of 200 wickets and 2,000 runs . But what next ? All of seven years before he retired from cricket , Benaud wondered if there could be a distant future in the communication industry . There was little doubt about that since he had been a young crime reporter on a Sydney newspaper , where sub-editors ruthlessly deleted from his copy any flowery phrases which he thought rather good but were irrelevant to the story . It was an important lesson . Then a curious opportunity , which could n't happen in today 's schedules , presented itself . At the end of Australia 's 1956 tour to England , all their players were given three weeks off to enjoy such fleshpots of relaxation as they could discover in the British Isles . Australian captain Richie Benaud takes on the MCC in the first innings at Brisbane on December 5 , 1958 . Benaud proceeded otherwise . At his own expense he moved from the Kensington Palace Hotel into a cramped lower ground room in the RAC club in Pall Mall and took a BBC television training course , alongside directors , commentators , even audiences , to learn how television worked . He trailed Peter O'Sullevan at Newbury and he studied the commentating techniques of Henry Longhurst on golf and Dan Maskell on tennis . All three had their idiosyncrasies , but one thing they had in common . O'Sullevan , voice rising to overdrive at the climax of a horse race , was circumspect about collateral chatter , just as Longhurst and ` Oh I say ' Maskell knew the value of golden silence . Indeed , one of Longhurst 's silences was so long that his director asked over the private intercom : ` Excuse me , Henry , but are you still alive ? ' Benaud now says : ` I did n't know if I had a future in broadcasting . If I had n't done that BBC course my life would have been very different , even though I had to wait for seven years for my chance . ` The key feature it taught me was the economy of words . Never insult the viewers by telling them what they have seen perfectly clearly themselves . Only add to it if you had something pertinent to say . ' Benaud rings the bell on the pavilion balcony on the second day of the second test between England and Australia at Lord 's during the 2009 Ashes . These days if only . Has he ever made a bloomer ? Of course , like all of us , he has . On one celebrated occasion , handing over from a Test match for a news update from Moira Stuart , he called her Moira Shearer , the celebrated ballerina who had starred in an acclaimed film . When Moira Stuart handed back he said : ` Thanks , Moira , our newsreader wearing Red Shoes . ' Many , who had not heard his initial blunder , wondered what on earth he was on about . ` At the time , ' he recalls , ` I thought it was a pretty clever remark , but many tuning in at that moment had no idea what it meant . It taught me never to be such a smart-arse again . ' Laconic , economic , massively instructive and with a dry impartial wit about whoever is getting the upper hand in a Test match , I wonder if we shall ever hear his like again on television ? Many are called and surprisingly many are given the opportunity behind the microphone . Very few have served the slogging apprenticeship that makes a master cricket commentator .