A father who is paralysed from the waist down has been told he can only have a disability grant to adapt his home if his wife gives up her job and goes on benefits . Mike Hand from Haydock in Merseyside became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord . The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen 's Hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation . Mike Hand pictured with his wife Kate , who has been told he can only have a disability grant to adapt his home if his wife gives up work . Mr Hand , left , has been left wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spine . He now says he needs to make adaptations to his home in Haydock , Merseyside , right . But after he and his wife Kate , who have an eight-year-old daughter called Mia , tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs , they were told they were n't eligible . The couple were told that because they do n't claim any income support or benefits , they would have to earn ` virtually nothing ' to receive the grant . Mrs Hand , a credit manager for a tool hire firm who earns between £ 25,000 and £ 35,000 , said : ` It 's crazy . I understand that benefits need to be means tested and I agree with that . ` But it 's not as if we are after ongoing weekly benefits - just funding to help us create a safe and comfortable home for my husband , who has suffered massively through no fault of his own . Mr Hand and his wife were told that because they do n't claim any income support or benefits , they would have to earn ` virtually nothing ' to receive the grant . ` If I gave up work we could claim for everything and would be entitled to everything , but because I work and would like to continue to work , we get no help . ` We 're having to rely on my salary alone to support two adults and a child . At the end of the month there 's nothing left . ` It 's a classic example of the system working against the worker . They 're almost forcing us to stop working and claim off the state . ' The couple are wanting to adapt their home to incorporate a downstairs bedroom and bathroom . But they say because they are unable to do this , it is placing a strain on the family . Mrs Hand added : ` We live in a normal semi-detached house . We do n't have a bathroom or bedroom downstairs and my husband will be expected to spend all of his time in the family living room with very little dignity or privacy . ' Mr Hand , a former construction worker , became wheelchair bound after doctors failed to spot a tumour in his spinal column , despite him regularly visiting his GP at Haydock Medical Centre complaining of pain . He was referred to hospital for a CAT scan when only an MRI scan would have picked up the growth , caused by a build up of spinal fluid , which stretched half the length of his spine . Eventually the tumour was detected after he was finally sent for an MRI scan in July 2014 , when complaining that while running he felt as though he could n't lift his feet off the ground . He then underwent a 10-hour operation to remove the tumour as surgeons described his diagnosis as a ` ticking time bomb ' . But due to existing nerve damage and the trauma of the operation , he has been left paralysed from the waist down with doctors unable to say if he will ever walk again . Mr and Mrs Hand on their wedding day . Mr Hand became wheelchair bound after doctors failed to spot a tumour in his spinal column , despite him regularly visiting his GP complaining of pain . His tumour was detected after he was finally sent for an MRI scan in July 2014 , after complaining that while running he could n't lift his feet off the ground . A St Helens Council spokesman said : ` The council is bound by government means test guidelines , which unfortunately put Mr and Mrs Hand 's income above the threshold at which they would qualify for assistance . ` Having said that , we want to help - and are exploring other ways of supporting the family , including the possibility of direct payments to assist Mr Hand at home . ` We look forward to discussing these options with them . ' Meanwhile a Haydock Medical Centre spokeswoman added : ` We would like to offer our sincere sympathies to the patient at this difficult time . ` It would be inappropriate for us to comment further due to patient confidentiality , however we want to assure patients that we always aim to provide the best possible care . '