Australia 's Civil Aviation Safety Authority -LRB- CASA -RRB- has placed higher safety restrictions on Thai Airways , but avoided following the footsteps of its Asian neighbours by banning future flights . China , South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers after an audit by the UN 's International Civil Aviation Organization -LRB- ICAO -RRB- reported that it found ` significant safety concerns ' with the country 's aviation safety to Thailand 's Department of Civil Aviation . According to CASA , Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia . Scroll down for video . UN 's International Civil Aviation Organization -LRB- ICAO -RRB- reported to Thailand 's Department of Civil Aviation that it found ` significant safety concerns ' with the country 's aviation safety . The regulator claims to have made contact with the airline and the Thai aviation safety regulator for ` further detailed information ' . ` CASA has increased the number of ramp inspections of Thai Airways flights operating into Australia . These inspections look at the condition of aircraft as well as flight and aircraft documentation , ' a statement from the government body said , according to Crikey . ` At this stage CASA has not placed any additional restrictions on Thai Airways flights to and from Australia . ` This is subject to the results of increased surveillance and any additional information that may be provided by Thai Airways and the Thai air safety regulator . While some countries have now banned new charter flights from any Thai airlines , Australia has ` increased the number of ramp inspections of Thai Airways flights operating into Australia ' . According to the Civil Aviation Safety Authority , ` these inspections look at the condition of aircraft as well as flight and aircraft documentation ' ` Any request for additional flights by Thai Airways or changes to their currently approved operations will be considered in the light of the issues raised by the International Civil Aviation Organization and CASA 's surveillance and safety checks . ' Amongst the country 's airlines that have been affected by bans are Thai Airways and budget airlines Thai AirAsia X , NokScoot and Asia Atlantic Airline . Audits assess a country 's overall ability to ensure aviation safety . Among the areas considered are personnel licensing and training , airworthiness assessment and certification , accident investigation and airline operations oversight , according to a report by Watson Farley and Williams , an international law firm with a commercial transport practice . Amongst the country 's airlines that have been affected by its neighbour 's bans are Thai Airways and budget airlines Thai AirAsia X , NokScoot and Asia Atlantic Airline . An ICAO spokesperson told AFP that some of the concerns with Thailand 's aviation related to ` air operator certification procedures ' . A statement from the Thai ministry did not give details of the ICAO 's concerns or recommendations . It said that it planned to inform countries about the status of Thailand 's aviation safety and ` the solutions to fix the faults that were found in the inspection as soon as possible . ' Japan has since temporarily lifted their ban for the next two months on the condition of stricter inspections , due to a huge number of travellers hoping to visit the country .