Radamel Falcao has been having a tough time of it on the pitch in recent months , but the struggling striker will have benefited from some much-needed perspective after spending Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez . Newcastle United defender Gutierrez , who successful underwent treatment for testicular cancer earlier this year , was given a standing ovation at Anfield when he was introduced as a second-half substitute during his side 's 2-0 defeat by Liverpool on Monday night . Falcao managed to catch up with Gutierrez and posted a picture of the pair on his Instagram account stating : ` It was a pleasure to spend time with @elgalgojonas , a great example of bravery and a great person ' . Radamel Falcao -LRB- right -RRB- spent his Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez . Manchester United striker Falcao walks through Alderley Edge in Cheshire on Thursday afternoon . The on-loan forward has been linked with Paris Saint-Germain , Juventus and Valencia in recent weeks . Falcao replaced Marouane Fellaini in the 83rd minute during United 's 4-2 rout of Manchester City . The Colombia striker moved to Old Trafford on a season-long loan from Monaco last summer but has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . United will have to pay £ 46million to make Falcao 's transfer permanent but , having only scored four goals all season in 22 appearances for the club , his future with Louis van Gaal 's side is looking increasingly uncertain . The former Atletico Madrid striker is currently commanding £ 280,000 a week in wages and had to suffer the ignominy of playing for United 's Under 21 team in March . Liverpool are being linked with the 29-year-old forward but it is understood that Paris Saint-Germain , Juventus and Valencia are more likely destinations . United face Premier League-leaders Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Falcao hugs City defender Martin Demichelis at the final whistle at Old Trafford on Sunday .