Tragedy : Zachary Cain Stickler , 34 , died the day after he pleaded not guilty to hitting his partner . A pilot has commited suicide by intentionally crashing his plane into a field in Northern California the day after pleading not guilty to domestic violence charges , authorities said Tuesday . Zachary Cain Stickler , 34 , had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February , and appeared Shasta County Superior Court in Redding on Friday . Before the crash on Saturday , Stickler had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned to kill himself . He had been charged with felony count of making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge , Chief Deputy District Attorney Stephanie Bridgett said . The charges stemmed from an argument in February in Redding , California , that escalated and became physical , Bridgett said . The alleged victim was living with Stickler at the time and reported an attack in their home . According to the police report , she claimed Stickler had gotten violent and then left their home , and that her cellphone had been destroyed in the process . She declined medical attention . Stickler killed himself by crashing into a pasture in in Millville , California , about 20miles from Redding , on Saturday morning , Shasta County Sheriff 's Deputy Dustin Reynolds said . Sheriff 's officials responded to a report of an explosion around 8:30 am and found a small debris field at the site where the single-engine Cessna crashed . There was no indication Stickler had wanted to hurt anyone else , Reynolds added . A former boss has spoken of his shock at hearing of Stickler 's death and the domestic violence charges . Crash : It is believed Stickler intentionally crashed his Cessna plane into a field in California on Saturday , after texting family and friends that he was ` distraught ' and planned on taking his own life . Jason Lamberton , chief operating officer at AFT Center Flight Training in Long Beach , California , where Stickler worked last year described him as a ` skilled trainer who had good rapport with students ' . ` I 'm absolutely shocked . There was nothing like that whatsoever in his behavior . ` The young man was very professional with what he did here . We were really happy with him . ' Lamberton also said that Stickler had left the company in order for his girlfriend could pursue an opportunity elsewhere , and that he had offered to provide the 34-year-old with a reference . More recently , Stickler worked for Aperture Aviation , an aerial photography company , which extended its sympathies to his family and friends in a statement . The Federal Aviation Administration has assigned two inspectors to the crash , one of whom may conduct an on-site inspection , FAA spokesman Ian Gregor said .