A Chinese entrepreneur has quit his well-paid day job to revive the dying art of Chinese sword making . Jia Huaijin , 33 , now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £ 22,000 each -- nearly 18 times the monthly salary of Chinese president Xi Jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in Shanghai . Mr Jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords , which are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as Canada , reports The People 's Daily Online . Warrior : Mr Huajin looks like he could have time travelled from the Han dynasty . Hammering away : The molten metal is forged and folded to create the sword . Red hot : The metal is heated in a furnace before it can be shaped . Master craftsman : Mr Huajin is now at home in his workshop , worlds away from his job as a civil servant . Swords feature prominently in ancient Chinese history and the blades made by Mr Jia would have been the type used by warriors in the Han Dynasty . However , the ancient art of sword making gradually declined over the years due to the time and effort it requires . Mr Jia , who now produces swords on the outskirts of Zhengzhou in central China , has previously already been a garage owner , a fish farmer , a sales rep for golfing equipment and a well-paid middle-manager at a state owned enterprise . He made the drastic change in career five years ago at the age of 28 , when his job working as a manager in a government organisation left him feeling 'em pty ' . The craftsman , who looks like a Han Dynasty warrior with his hair tied back , said that he wanted to bring back the masterful act of his ancestors and pass it on to future generations . He decided to take the plunge and move to a remote wheat farm in Henan province with his wife to set up his own workshop . Handling the past : The technique dates back 2,000 years to the Han dynasty . Knife edge : Mr Jia made the life-changing decision to quit his well-paid job to bring back the dying ancient art . He makes the razor sharp swords with steel that is 3 mm thick . After heating up the steel in a furnace , the molten metal is forged and folded into shape . The process was developed by sword smiths in order to improve the quality of the steel . At his workshop , swords of different sizes can be seen everywhere -- even on tables inside his house -- and each of them costs between £ 11,000 to £ 22,000 . The master sword maker said that his interest in blades goes back to when he was a child . Back then his hobby was to place nails onto railway tracks and wait for trains to pass and press them into ` knives ' . Gilded history : Swords have a prominent place in Chinese history and legend . Art work : Each of Mr Jia 's swords have elaborated decorations of auspicious symbols such as dragons . Razor sharp : The thin blade can shave off the hair on your arm with the lightest of touches . He said that his wife had been fantastic in backing his ambitions : ` How can I not love a wife who would willingly come to this village to support me in my pursuit of a dream ? ' She said that all he needed were two packets of cigarettes and a bottle of wine to keep him going . Mr Jia is one of only a handful of craftsmen in China who have adopted this ancient technique of sword making . His work can be seen on display in a special showroom in the Han Dynasty museum in Zhengzhou . All change : He moved with his wife to a remote farm to set up his own workshop . Tempering with fire : Metal is heated up in a furnace , then forged and folded into shape . Restoration : Mr Jia wants to bring back the craft for future generations .