The time is around 9 pm on a Thursday and 7,000 people are chanting ` YES ! YES ! YES ! ' in a pitch-black car park in London 's Docklands . It 's been raining and the ground is damp , but we are all in our bare feet , which are going numb on the cold , hard concrete . Undeterred , we keep going . There 's a drum pounding in the distance and we keep step with its beat . Marianne Power attended Robbins ' Unleash The Power Within seminarwhich claims to ` discover how to identify what it is you really want ' The mood is tribal . I feel as if we 're on our way to a ritual killing . Maybe our own . We 've already signed waivers warning us that what we are about to take part in could result in ` physical or emotional injury , paralysis , death ... ' and we 've spent the past half-an-hour being told what we need to do to avoid hospitalisation . I feel sick with anticipation , but there 's no way out -- the huge crowd keeps pushing me forward . Then , the chanting stops and a hush fills the air . We are faced with our fate . It glimmers grey and red in the darkness : lanes of burning hot coals , which we are to walk over . Yes , actually walk over -- with our bare feet . We have spent the past two hours preparing for this moment -- being whipped into something called ` peak state ' , a place where you are so mentally strong that you can do anything . The idea is that , once you overcome the fear of walking on coals of between 1,200 and 2,000 Fahrenheit , you can ` conquer the other fires of your life with ease ' . But I do n't conquer anything with ease . It 's not in my nature . ` Am I really doing this ? ' is all I can think . But yes , I am . For the past year , I 've been on a self-improvement mission . Fed up with a life spent worrying , single and broke , I 've set myself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month . Marianne -LRB- pictured -RRB- has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month and this month she chose that of Anthony Robbins . And , when it comes to the self-improvement world , Anthony Robbins is the king . Everyone from world leaders -- Nelson Mandela , Bill Clinton , Mikhail Gorbachev -- to athletes such as Serena Williams and actors including Hugh Jackman seek his counsel . He even helped Princess Diana and Margaret Thatcher . His IS a classic rags-to-riches story . Determined to transcend his poor childhood , he became obsessed with self-improvement . He 'd listen to motivational tapes on his way to his job as a janitor , before going on to give motivational talks himself . Fast forward to today and he is a bestselling author and hugely successful business man , whose net worth is in the region of half a billion dollars . He charges $ 1 million to coach private clients -- which is why the rest of us have to settle for listening to him in a concert hall . Anthony Robbins -LRB- pictured in the 1990s -RRB- charges $ 1 million to coach private clients and is the ` king ' of the self-improvement world . According to his website , Robbins ' Unleash The Power Within seminar would help me ` discover how to identify what it is you really want , break through any barriers that might be holding you back , increase your energy and mental clarity , and infuse passion into your life ' . Big promises . But the fortysomething woman next to me in the queue to get in promises that he can deliver . She has been three times before , she tells me . ` When you walk over those coals , something changes , ' she says , her eyes wide . ` I ca n't explain it , but it 's just amazing . ' She has all the fervour of a fanatic . Two physiotherapists from Windsor join in our conversation -- they 've been sent here by their boss . ` He went last year and got a lot out of it , ' they say . ` He was on a high for weeks . ' And ` high ' is the perfect word for the atmosphere . As we file into the arena , there 's chaos as people rush to get good seats -- but no one sits in them . They 're too busy dancing along with the music blasting from the speakers . It 's like being at a One Direction concert . After half-an-hour , Tony walks on stage and the screaming goes off the scale . People can hardly contain themselves in the presence of the 6 ft 7 in mountain of a man . With his Hollywood tan , white teeth and lantern jaw , he looks like something that a Mills & Boon writer would dream up . And just to add to the effect , his chiselled face is blown up to God-like proportions on massive screens behind him . It takes minutes for the applause to die down enough for him to speak -- but when he starts , he does n't stop . His basic message is that anything is possible if we just get our minds and bodies into what he calls the peak state . He says we are all defined by our limiting beliefs and that if we get rid of these then ` the impossible just gets done ' . He is the King of the Catchphrase : ` It 's impossible to love yourself when you 're not being yourself ' ; ` Change your story , change your life ... ' These nuggets come out of his mouth from 1 pm to 9 pm . He does n't take a tea break and neither do we . It 's extraordinary -- I 've never seen anything like it . Just the sheer energy of him . I find myself thinking that he is the living embodiment of human potential , then I realise I 'm swooning . Even world leaders like Nelson Mandela -LRB- left -RRB- and Bill Clinton -LRB- right -RRB- have sought the advice and counsel of Anthony Robbins . I turn to the Norwegian man next to me and say : ` I think I 'm in love ... ' He smiles and says : ` Me , too . ' We are all under his spell and will do anything he says , including hugging and high-fiving strangers , and punching our fists in the air while yelling : ` Yes , yes , yes ! ' It 's just so un-English . There are moments when I look around at the collective madness and feel as if I 've become part of a cult , but I have to make a decision : get embarrassed or go with it . I go with it . As the day goes on , we examine our ` limiting beliefs ' . I identify mine as being bad with money and always getting sick . And then he asks us to visualise what life would be like if we got rid of these limiting beliefs . I imagine being healthy , energetic and productive , someone who just gets things done without always worrying about the things that can go wrong . I imagine my bank account being in the black and owning a property . To build on this vision , we 're taught how to get into a peak state by thinking of the best moment of our lives , the moment we felt strongest and most at peace . I think of times with loved ones and professional achievements that I 'm proud of . Each time we do we are told to ` make a move ' , so every time we make that move in the future , these memories will come back . I pump my fist in the air , again and again and again . I ca n't believe I 'm doing it -- it 's so not me . I feel as if I 'm in the film Rocky . And then the time comes to walk on fire . We 're told to take off our shoes and socks and march out of the conference centre to the 8 ft lines of coal in the car park . Robbins is said to have also helped well-known face including Princess Diana -LRB- left -RRB- and former prime minister , Margaret Thatcher -LRB- right -RRB- . A part of me wants to run away , but a bigger part of me knows that I can do this . Then I 'm standing in front of the coals and two men are instructing me to shout : ` YES ! ' I do . They say ` Make your move ! ' and I pump my fist in the air . Then , I go for it . I put my foot on the coals and after that I remember nothing -- until my last step , when I could feel heat . I have half-a-second of panic when I realise what I 'm doing -- but , by then , my feet are on the cold square of grass put at the end of the fire and my feet are being hosed down by helpers . It 's done . I 've walked across a bed of hot coals . Two weeks later , I still can not answer those questions , but I find myself having the same thoughts as the woman I met in the queue at the start of that day . That strange moment of collective hysteria , when we walked over hot coals , has changed something within me . If I can walk on fire without barbecuing my feet , what else can I do ? I 'm very keen to find out . To follow Marianne 's self-help journey , go to helpmeblog.net .