Raheem Sterling has prompted new concerns over smoking after fresh pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe -- this time joined by his teenage Liverpool team-mate Jordon Ibe . The pictures , believed to have been taken in a London bar earlier this season , show the young stars sat together and both are holding shisha pipes . Casually dressed , the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes , cans of fizzy Fanta orange and a portable music speaker . Sterling , who is considering his future at Liverpool , and Ibe are considered as the two brightest stars to emerge at the club as they battle to stay among the Barclays Premier League pacesetters . Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . This is the second time Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . The pictures will heap further embarrassment on Liverpool after other recent revelations involving Sterling . Sterling on his feet holding a shisha pipe . Sterling , 20 , is battling controversy after the first picture , revealed on Sunday , showed him smoking a shisha pipe . A video then emerged showing him passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide -- otherwise known as ` laughing gas ' or ` hippy crack ' . The England international has been the subject of a club probe into why he was taking the legal high . But the sight of 19-year-old starlet Ibe , who has made his breakthrough into the Liverpool first team this season , will cause even more concern with club officials , who have declined to comment on the latest pictures . Sterling 's representative also refused to comment . Ibe , wearing a red hoodie and ripped black jeans , is pictured holding a shisha pipe . He is sitting next to Sterling , who is wearing a tight white v-neck t-shirt and blue jeans , on the sofa . The pair can be seen smiling and joking as they hold on to the pipes in the bar . Liverpool will be anxious that Sterling does not further damage his public image after a tempestuous period , in which he has become involved in a contract stand-off with the club . He was heckled at the launch of the club 's new kit last week , while a pocket of supporters chanted ` Raheem Sterling , your agent 's a c *** ' during the 2-0 win over Newcastle on Monday night , in which Sterling scored the opening goal . Sterling has turned down a deal worth around £ 100,000 per week and does not want to resume negotiations until the end of the season . He infuriated Liverpool when he gave an interview to the BBC -- without permission -- to talk about his contract stand-off and why he did not want to be perceived as a ` greedy 20-year-old ' . Asked on Monday if he will be reminding Sterling of his responsibilities , Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said : ` I will do . He 's a young kid who has been in the spotlight now so he knows the demands of being a top class professional -- it 's not just on the field it 's off the field , but I will speak with him on it and we 'll move on . ' The players , wearing casual clothing , inhale from the lit shisha pipe -LRB- bottom right -RRB- . It appears that the two players have a shisha pipe apiece and are also drinking Fanta . Shisha is a water pipe in which flavoured tobacco is roasted with charcoal . The tobacco smoke passes through a water chamber and is inhaled deeply and slowly . The flavoured tobacco smells sweet , making it an enjoyable and relaxing experience , according to enthusiasts . Despite the smoke passing through water , all the risks of smoking a regular cigarette are present -- including respiratory and heart diseases , as well as cancer . During an hour-long Shisha smoking session , it has been estimated the smoke inhaled is the equivalent of between 100 and 200 cigarettes . Ibe is seen as a potential star at Anfield after he announced his talent with a sensational display in February 's Merseyside derby draw at Everton . He had spent the past six weeks on the sidelines with a knee injury but returned to the starting line-up during Monday 's 2-0 win over Newcastle . The injury has delayed him signing a new contract with the club , although that is expected to be a formality . Shisha pipes are used to smoke fruit-flavoured tobacco , which is burned on hot coals , through a long tube . They are commonly used in the Middle East . It is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes , which calls into question the professionalism of any athlete using the pipe . The British Heart Foundation website it clearly states : ` Like cigarettes -LSB- shisha -RSB- contains nicotine , tar , carbon monoxide and heavy metals , such as arsenic and lead . ' Sterling , who has 14 caps for England , was pictured on a social media site with the picture captioned ` 1 down 3 to go ' , suggesting he did not just take a single drag on the pipe . In February , Arsenal and England midfielder Jack Wilshere faced criticism after he was pictured with a shisha pipe on a night out while recovering from ankle surgery . But the Arsenal star , who has previously been pictured smoking cigarettes , was defended by England manager Roy Hodgson who said he 'd tried the Middle Eastern pipe himself and did not think it was a problem . Sterling was pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend . Sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as ` hippy crack ' Sterling celebrates after scoring Liverpool 's opening goal in Monday night 's 2-0 win over Newcastle United . Sterling celebrates with Ibe after scoring in Monday night 's Premier League match at Anfield . In the video footage , Sterling is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling before he asks one of his friends to give him another hit . When the camera pans back to the 20-year-old , he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep . It is claimed that the video , obtained by The Sun , was taken at his home in Southport in the days before a game . Sportsmail contacted Sterling 's agent , Aidy Ward , on Monday night . He refused to comment on the story but did not deny that it was his client . Sportsmail columnist and former Liverpool captain Jamie Carragher said : ` In years to come he 'll look back over this period now as a massive learning curve . When you 're a 20-year-old kid , you make mistakes . I did , I 'm sure we all do . It 's just important that he learns from it because Raheem Sterling needs to be on the back pages , not the front pages and that 's a problem for him in these last few months . ' Ibe pictured during Monday night 's win over Newcastle , which kept Liverpool in the top four chase . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities . Players ' union chief Bobby Barnes called for understanding after Sterling ` made a mistake ' . He said : ` Nobody would condone the use of these types of substances whether legal or otherwise as footballers are seen as role models . It does send a message to young people that if it 's good enough for footballers then it 's good enough for them and that is not desirable . ` But you have to bear in mind that we ask an awful lot of young players growing up in the public eye . Many of us look back at things we have done in our teens and early 20s and wish we had n't done them . ` He 's made a mistake and people are human . I am sure this will be a minor blip on his path to a fantastic career . ' Nitrous oxide starves the brain of oxygen and makes users feel light-headed and dizzy . It has been nicknamed ` laughing gas ' due to the euphoric and relaxed feeling people who inhale it can sometimes feel . Official figures show 460,000 16-24 year-olds took it last year . It has been the cause of 17 deaths since 2006 . Tottenham defender Kyle Walker was pictured inhaling a balloon in 2013 , while last year Saido Berahino was pictured doing it at the wheel of his Range Rover .