Aston Villa deserved their victory at Wembley on Sunday and there were two players at the heart of it all . Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch . On Saturday , I said his battle with Jordan Henderson would be key to the game . There 's no doubt who won that one . Delph was different class . He put in an all-action display and ran the game . He looked like the player we all felt he could become when he emerged at Leeds . He was outstanding . As for Grealish , for a young man to play like that on his first visit to Wembley was magnificent . Jack Grealish , Fabian Delph and Christian Benteke celebrate as Aston Villa reached the FA Cup final . Delph shoots and scores against Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet to put Aston Villa ahead at Wembley . He is quick but has a languid style , like Steve McManaman . When he drops his shoulder he sends defenders so far the other way they almost have to pay to get back in . Tim Sherwood has done a brilliant job with Villa . I was at Wembley and their fans turned up with a sense of expectancy , something they have not had in a long time . Tim deserves huge credit for that . He has ignited that team and got their passion and excitement back . Delph and Grealish , pictured with Gabrial Agbonlahor inside the dressing room , impressed at Wembley . Grealish is quick and has a languid style similar to former Liverpool and England star Steve McManaman . Foxes home advantage could be key . April 25 - Burnley -LRB- A -RRB- . Apr 29 - Chelsea -LRB- H -RRB- . May 2 - Newcastle -LRB- H -RRB- . May 9 - Southampton -LRB- H -RRB- . May 16 - Sunderland -LRB- A -RRB- . May 24 - QPR -LRB- H -RRB- . Of the three promoted teams fighting for their lives at the bottom , Leicester look the most likely to stay up . They are the form team down there right now . When you 're in a relegation scrap , nothing boosts your confidence quite like goals . That 's why Leicester have been able to drag themselves off the bottom of the table . They have scored 10 in their last four , including three at Tottenham in a game they were unlucky to lose 4-3 . Now they have won three games in a row - a winning streak only Arsenal -LRB- 8 -RRB- and Chelsea -LRB- 4 -RRB- can beat . They have good pace up front with Jamie Vardy , and Leonardo Ulloa finally found his shooting boots with a goal against Swansea . The key for Leicester now is that , of their six remaining games , four of them are at home . That home advantage could be the difference between staying up or going down . Leonardo Ulloa celebrates with Leicester team-mate Esteban Cambiasso during the Foxes win over Swansea . Que sera , sera . Of course , for sentimental reasons I wanted Steven Gerrard and Liverpool to get to the final . What better way for one of Liverpool 's greatest ever players to depart the club than with an FA Cup win ? It is a shame he wo n't be there but he has probably achieved more at Liverpool than he would ever have dreamed of . And if there 's anybody who thinks about the team rather than himself , it 's Stevie . He will be devastated not to make the final but for the club 's sake , not his . Steven Gerrard looks dejected after Liverpool 's FA Cup semi-final defeat to Aston Villa on Sunday . Liverpool captain Gerrard will be devastated at not reaching the FA Cup final but for the club 's sake , not his . Winning the FA Cup would have been the perfect send off for Gerrard who is leaving Liverpool for LA Galaxy . Chelsea just do what 's needed . 1 - Chelsea have lost just one of their last 13 Premier League home games against Man Utd -LRB- 3-2 in Oct 2012 -RRB- , winning eight and drawing four . It 's difficult to be critical of a side like Chelsea . They have an incredible record at home and an uncanny ability to win the big games . That 's exactly what happened against Man United on Saturday . People say it was a tactical masterplan to play Kurt Zouma in midfield to stop Marouane Fellaini . I 'm not so sure . Yes , Fellaini has been effective in recent weeks but I do n't think we 've got to the stage where he needs to be man-marked . Chelsea are a good enough team to beat United without resorting to that . But you can not argue with the results . Chelsea have developed a ruthless , efficient style . Since losing to Spurs on New Year 's Day they are unbeaten in the league . In their last two games they have had three shots on target . Two of them have gone in and they have won both games 1-0 . That 's how to grind out a title . The United game was Jose Mourinho 's 102nd clean sheet out of 190 games in the Premier League . He knows exactly what 's needed to bring home the trophies . No wonder Roman Abramovich looked so delighted after the final whistle . Kurt Zouma -LRB- right -RRB- and Marouane Fellaini battle for the ball during Chelsea 's 1-0 victory over Man United . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho knows how to grind out a title and has kept 102 clean sheets in 190 matches . Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich shows his delight in the stands at Stamford Bridge during Saturday 's win . Pressure 's on for Arsenal . I 'm sure most neutrals wanted to see Arsenal play Liverpool in the FA Cup final , and plenty of Arsenal fans will be happy to see Villa there instead . But they will have to be careful . Against Wigan and Hull last year , and Reading this time around , Arsenal have made hard work of these games . The pressure will be all on them and they will have to compete with the energy of that Villa midfield . It will certainly make for another absorbing final . Arsenal celebrate during the win over Reading but will have to be careful against Villa in the FA Cup final . Burnley must keep believing . April 25 - Leicester -LRB- H -RRB- . May 2 - West Ham -LRB- A -RRB- . May 9 - Hull -LRB- A -RRB- . May 16 - Stoke -LRB- H -RRB- . May 24 - Aston Villa -LRB- A -RRB- . For Sean Dyche and his side , their season starts now . Burnley have been on a poor run and another defeat this weekend has added to their worries . They have only scored one goal in their last seven games , although that was a significant winner against Manchester City . But that is a desperate drought that has seen them sink right to the bottom of the table . Their top scorer Danny Ings has not scored since February though it has been difficult for him -- I 'm sure he 's got other things on his mind with so much speculation about his future . He has had a decent season but he has suffered from a lack of support and that is a problem . Burnley 's top scorer Danny Ings has not scored since February and has not suffered from a lack of support . Only two other Burnley players have scored more than twice all season - George Boyd and Ashley Barnes with five each . It 's hard to see where their next goal is coming from . But for Dyche the fixture list has been kind . Some of their relegation rivals have still got to face the top sides but the highest-placed team Burnley have to face are Stoke in ninth . Dyche and his team only have five games left but there 's no reason why they ca n't get something from each one of them . Burnley players look dejected following Saturday 's 1-0 defeat at Everton and are not bottom of the table . Awards season . 4 - Kane is only the fourth Tottenham player to score 20 + goals in a Premier League season after Gareth Bale , Jurgen Klinsmann and Teddy Sheringham . I have said throughout the second half of the season that the Player of the Year award will be between Eden Hazard and Harry Kane . Diego Costa , Sergio Aguero and Alexis Sanchez have all done well but those two have been consistently excellent . Over the last six games there 's no doubt Hazard 's performances should have that contest wrapped up . He has been nothing short of brilliant in the games that really matter . Kane has been the best thing about Tottenham 's season . He has rescued their front line and I would be amazed if he does n't win Young Player of the Year . I prefer watching attacking players doing exciting things and he has done that all season . He came from nowhere and he has been one of the stories of the year . The Player of the Year award will be between Chelsea 's Eden Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- and Tottenham 's Harry Kane -LRB- right -RRB- .