Charlie Adam stunned the Premier League with a goal from his own half in Stoke 's clash with Chelsea on Saturday evening . Here is a look back at some of the finest examples of the genre . Charlie Adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge . Thibaut Courtois was left helpless also his Chelsea side eventually went on to win 2-1 . DAVID BECKHAM . The midfielder would go on to be a world-renowned , generational talent - but was only an emerging figure when , on the first day of the 1996-97 season , he spotted Wimbledon goalkeeper Neil Sullivan off his line and arced the ball perfectly over him and into the net to round off a 3-0 win . David Beckham struck from inside his own half for Manchester United against Wimbledon in 1996 . Beckham celebrated the final goal in 3-0 win for United on the opening day of the 1996-97 season . JONE SAMUELSEN . An even greater rarity - a headed goal from a player in his own half . Samuelsen 's Odd Grenland side were leading 2-1 , Tromso 's goalkeeper Andre Hansen was up for a corner and the ball was cleared towards Odd 's centre forward . Defender Steffen Hagen nodded the ball away from him and just back across the halfway line , where Samuelsen met it with a powerful header which carried at least 30 yards and bounced into the unguarded net . Local police measured the goal at 58.13 metres , earning Samuelsen a spot in the Guinness Book of Records for the longest headed goal . XABI ALONSO . The Spanish midfielder actually achieved the feat twice in 2006 while with Liverpool - and once with each foot , for good measure . The left-footed effort was into an empty net , with Luton keeper Marlon Beresford up for a corner in injury time of an FA Cup tie the Reds won 5-3 , but he then launched a flat lob over Newcastle keeper Steve Harper from the edge of the centre circle inside his own half in the Premier League . Xabi Alonso celebrates scoring from his own half for Liverpool against Newcastle in 2006 . Steve Harper was helplessly beaten in the Newcastle goal by the Spanish midfielder 's superb effort . STEFAN ISHIZAKI . The Elfsborg forward was out on the right sideline , a couple of yards inside his own half , when Orebro keeper Tomer Chencinski 's clearance dropped to him . Ishizaki simply swung a first-time right foot volley at the ball , which bounced once in the middle of the penalty area before finding the top corner perfectly . MAYNOR FIGUEROA . The then-Wigan defender displayed great quick thinking against Stoke in 2009 when his side were awarded a free-kick near the halfway line . Robert Huth fouled Scott Sinclair and , with most of the players napping , Figueroa ran straight on to the stationary ball to blaze a shot over Thomas Sorensen and in . Wigan Athletic 's Maynor Figueroa -LRB- second left -RRB- struck from behind halfway against Stoke in 2009 . MORITZ STOPPELKAMP . Again , the Hannover goalkeeper was up for a free-kick , but that should not detract from Paderborn midfielder Stoppelkamp 's achievement as the ball was cleared to him on the edge of his own penalty area and he simply controlled it on his chest , turned and volleyed the ball into the net from a scarcely believable 83 yards to make it 2-0 . Moritz Stoppelkamp of Paderborn -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates his stunning goal against Hanover in September 2014 . CHARLIE ADAM . The Stoke man has previous for this kind of behaviour , having showcased the skill during two loan spells from Rangers earlier in his career . An effort for Blackpool 's reserves was just inside the Accrington half , but one for Ross County against St Mirren in 2007 was just about on the line - close enough to give him the benefit of the doubt , in any case . Adam -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with his Stoke City team-mates after scoring at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .