There are more conventional ways to apologise to a loved one after an argument . For many a romantic meal , chocolates or even flowers is the best way to win over an angry partner . But for one hapless Romeo or Juliet they decided a public declaration of their love was the only way to seek forgiveness . Written in black marker pen this series of mysterious cardboard signs have appeared all over a Surrey village , with messages like ` please forgive me ' and ` we need to talk . ' ` I love you ' : The mysterious signs that have appeared across the Surrey village of Milford . The signs have sparked speculation across the village as to the identity of the author and the reason behind the contrite gesture . They were first spotted by residents in the affluent village of Milford , near Godalming , on Tuesday morning and have sparked speculation as to the identity of author and the reasons behind the contrite gesture . One read : ` I love you do much please forgive what I said please . ' Written in bold capitals another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the ` best day of my life . ' The lovelorn writer also said told how they had ` never been happier ' and that their dearest was the love of their life . Most people say sorry with flowers , a romantic dinner , or even chocolates . In total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts and street signs . Desperate measures appeared to work for one unlucky man in October last year , who was spotted in Manchester wearing a sandwich board bearing the words : ` I am sorry I lied . ' The man stood in the freezing cold for more than an hour sporting the humiliating hand-painted sign before eventually a woman appeared and walked off with him . Do you know who wrote the mysterious cardboard signs in Milford or do you believe they are about you ? Email flora.drury@mailonline.co.uk . This is n't the first time someone has taken to the streets to prove their love for their wronged partner : in October a man was spotted in Manchester wearing a sandwich bar making it clear he was exceedingly sorry .