World title-winning boxer , politician , actor , singer ... and now music video director . Manny Pacquiao revealed yet another of his talents by releasing his own walk-out tune ahead of his $ 300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr . The so-called ` The Nation 's Fist ' not only wrote the song ` Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino ' but also sang and directed the music video before releasing it on his Facebook page on Monday . The tune , which sounds somewhat like an 80s rock ballad actually translates as ` I will fight for the Fillipino ' and will be played ahead of the richest fight in history against the undefeated American at the MGM Grand on May 2 . Multi-talented Pacquiao not only wrote and sang the tune but also directed the music video . The video also carries a nostalgic feel , featuring a leather-clad Pacquiao crooning into the microphone Band-Aid style while a montage of his various fights and humanitarian efforts fade in and out . Whether Mayweather has called on his close friend and cheerleader Justin Bieber to come up with his own entrance song has not been confirmed . The boxing champion 's song ` Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino ' translates as ` I will fight for the Fillipino ' The 80s style music video includes a montage of Pacquiao 's fights and his humanitarian efforts . Meanwhile , the 36-year-old decided to train on the streets of Los Angeles on Friday as he ran along the trail at Griffith Park joined by several fitness fanatics . As well as working on his aerobic endurance , Pacquiao was also tested on his core strength and showed off his impressive footwork in front of watching spectators by shadow boxing . Pacquiao recently unveiled the multicoloured mouth guard he will wear during his $ 300million Las Vegas showdown with Mayweather . The container that it comes in reads ` MouthGuards for Champions ' , demonstrating Pacquiao 's undoubted confidence . Pacquiao was joined by his dog Pacman as he ran around one of North America 's largest urban parks . Pacquiao has revealed the colourful mouthpiece he will wear during the May 2 bout in Las Vegas . I always ask in my mind why do we have to judge what you feel ? What should be the right basis so they can listen to us ? Do we have to be in a good status ? Even if i hurt myself , i still wanted to keep it within me and just be silent about it . Even if my heart aches , its nothing to me as long as people from my country show their smiles and felt happy . I will fight the whole world for my country bringing your name . I 'm a Pinoy . We are Pinoy . I will fight the world with my life at stake . I will fight for all Filipino . Even us , has our own dreams for our country . To help fellow countrymen , and give pride for our very own country . It does n't matter who you are . Poor or rich if for the country we all fight together . I will fight the whole world for my country bringing your name . I 'm a Pinoy . We are Pinoy . I will fight the world with my life at stake . I will fight for all Filipino . I will fight , I will fight . I will fight the whole world for my country bringing your name . I 'm a Pinoy . We are Pinoy . I will fight the world with my life at stake . I will fight for all Filipino . I will fight for my country .