The cost of a daily lunchtime takeaway can be crippling and yet instead of making lunches at home the majority of British workers still pop to the high street to grab their midday meal . The ` meal deal ' -LRB- which is not always a meal , or a deal -RRB- has seen us stave off the hunger pangs with soggy sandwiches , slimy salads and salty soups , spending an average of £ 1,840 a year . But we could save up to £ 1,300 a year if we just prepared our lunch at home . Cheese , crackers and charcuterie is a simple and delicious lunch which can be easily assembled in the office . Food website Food52 's ` Not Sad Desk Lunch ' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy , cost-effective , and delicious lunches to work . These incredibly detailed ideas and recipes show how to make everything from easy-to-assemble options such cheese and crackers , to more complicated steamed Chinese buns , and Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches . Each recipe on Food52 is contributed by a member of the team who promises to keep your midday meals ` both interesting and pretty . ' If you 're after something simple , cheese , crackers and charcuterie will do the job . Simply choose your favourites , assemble and eat ; and If you 're vegetarian , swap meat for pickled vegetables and you 're good to go . Make something complicated like stuffed dumplings -LRB- left -RRB- or keep it simple with a toast tartine -LRB- right -RRB- . Hannah Petertil has some inspired combinations which include Cheddar , apple , and bacon jam ; mozzarella and prosciuotto or manchego and dried apricots . Keeping with the theme , you could also use the handy cracker to spread a variety of toppings . Make a Greek salad cracker with cucumber , olive tapenade and feta ; a hummus cracker with roasted red pepper on top ; pesto crackers with thinly sliced prosciutto ; or smashed avocado crackers . Do n't feel like spreading ? Dip instead ; simply decant your spreads into containers and away you go . Workers could save up to £ 1,300 a year if they prepared their lunch at home instead of buying pre-packed sandwiches and snacks from shops , research by vouchercloud.com revealed . More than 60 per cent of Britons who buy their lunches out spend an average of £ 1,840 a year , based on 46 working weeks , the research reveals . In comparison , those who prepare food at home spend just £ 552 over the same period - a saving of a whopping £ 1,288 . The startling difference came to light following a poll of adults across the UK , which found that a fifth of Britons choose to purchase their work-time lunches as opposed to making them at home . Pita bread is also another wonderful lunchtime option and can be stuffed with any number of fillings , from hard boiled eggs , smoked meat and charred vegetables . Experiment with flavour combinations ; stay Mediterranean with aubergine with chickpeas and coriander or keep it British with thinly sliced roast chicken , crisp lettuce and sweet baby tomatoes . Remember , anything you can put into a sandwich can be stuffed into a pita . Still sound too complicated ? Try turning toast into a tartine . Spread with butter or mayonnaise and top with thinly sliced vegetables -LRB- radish and chicory , dressed lightly in lemon juice and olive oil work really well against crisp , hot toast -RRB- or layer slices of ham , chopped up dates and a salty cheese to make something a bit more glamorous . The site also has more complicated options for those who have time on their hands and want to experiment . Steamed pork buns , which are traditionally eaten as a breakfast food in China are self-contained dough parcels which can be filled -LRB- bao -RRB- or unfilled -LRB- mantou -RRB- . Jenny Xu from Food52 writes : ` Your first option is to go with the basic , unfilled mantou dough , then customise it to your heart 's content . ' Steamed Chinese buns -LRB- bao -RRB- are usually stuffed with meats such as roast pork and stir-fried mushrooms . You can stuff your bun with anything you like including pork , vegetables and even mushrooms , before you steam them . Freeze after steaming to keep them fresh and warm them in the office microwave . Looking for something even more exotic ? Author of The Banh Mi Handbook Andrea Nguyen has a brilliant Vietnamese sandwich recipe which should satisfy the fussiest of lunchtime eaters . Banh mi rolls are the Vietnamese take on the baguette and typically contain Asian fillings such as pickled vegetables , chillies and coriander as well as roast meats . The bread is usually scooped out so that it resembles a cradle which your fillings can be placed in . To make sure your sandwich does n't go soggy , pack your vegetables separately and assemble when you get to the office . Buns or banh mi not doing it for you ? Stuff some dumplings instead . ` The best part about dumplings is that you can use anything to make fillings . I tend to lean towards two of my favorites : pork and chives for my meat option , and chives , egg , and vermicelli for my vegetarian option -- but these are only two out of numerous recipes out there , ' Betty Liu of Food52 writes . Greek salad cracker with cucumber , olive tapenade and feta -LRB- left -RRB- . Pita bread with eggs and vegetables -LRB- right -RRB- . Feta , vegetable and rice bake . Ingredients . 400g Easy Cook Rice : 89p per kg . One courgette : 89p per 500g . One pepper : 49p each . 200g cherry tomatoes : 65p per 300g . 45g Solesta pitted black olives : 45p per 230g . 200g pack Feta Cheese : 89p per 200g . Store cupboard essentials : Red onion , eggs , dried basil , olive oil and salt and black pepper . Total : £ 4.89 . Method : Pre-heat the oven to Gas Mark 5 . Cook the rice as per instructions on the pack and allow to cool a little . Peel the red onion and chop into medium size chunks . Chop the courgette and the pepper to the same size as the onions and courgette . Halve the cherry tomatoes . Chop the feta into chunks the same size as the vegetables . Mix all the above along with the olives in a bowl with the olive oil and the basil . Beat the eggs , add the grated Parmesan cheese and mix with the rice . Grease the dish with some olive oil , spread the rice mixture over the base and up the sides of the dish . Pour the vegetable mix in the centre . Bake in the oven for 40 minutes . Cut into slices or quarters and serve . Crispy mash hash . Ingredients . 150g frozen chopped onions : £ 1.50 . Four teaspoons frozen chopped garlic : £ 1.25 . Two tablespoons frozen parsley : £ 1.25 . 700g frozen mashed potato : £ 1 . Store cupboard essential : Olive oil . Total cost : £ 5 . Method : Heat the oil in a large non-stick frying pan , add the onions and garlic , and cook over a low heat for three minutes . Turn the heat up a little , add the mashed potato and cook for 10 minutes , turning occasionally until crisped up around the edges . Season with black pepper , scatter over the parsley and serve . Pea and ham frittata . Ingredients . Frozen peas , 1 kilo bag : £ 0.98 . Onion : £ 0.11 . Courgette : £ 0.41 . 70g pack wafer thin ham : £ 0.75 . Six eggs : £ 0.89 . Smart Price salad bag : £ 0.44 . Bag of four jacket potatoes : £ 0.98 . Store cupboard essential : Sunflower oil . Total cost : £ 4.06 . Method : Cook the peas on a pan . Heat the oil in a non-stick pan and cook the onion and courgette for about five minutes , stirring often . Add the peas and ham and stir . Lightly beat the eggs , season and pour into the pan . Cook over a low heat for 20 minutes or until the egg is almost set . Finish your dish under the grill to set the egg , then cut into wedges . Serve with salad and jacket potatoes . Spring chicken casserole . Ingredients . Chicken thighs : £ 2.50 for 1 lb . Loose brown onions : £ 0.16 . Loose courgettes : £ 0.30 . 400g can butter beans : £ 0.55 . 400g can chopped tomatoes : £ 0.34 . Total cost : £ 3.85 . Store cupboard essentials : Olive oil and one clove garlic . Method : Heat the oven to Gas Mark 5 . Heat the oil in a large roasting tray on the hob . Season the chicken thighs and add to the tin . Fry for three to tive minutes , until browned all over . Remove and set aside . Add the onion , garlic and courgette to the tray and cook for three to four minutes.Stir in the tomatoes , tomato purée and rosemary and simmer for one minute . Season , then return the chicken to the tray and add the butterbeans.Transfer to the oven and roast for 25 minutes until the chicken is completely cooked .