Police are offering a £ 5,000 reward for information on the whereabouts of a ` very dangerous ' convicted murderer who is on the run after being released from jail on licence . William Kerr , 53 , is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull . He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort , who was found dead in 1996 . Hunt : There is a £ 5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of convicted killer William Kerr , pictured . Crimestoppers is now offering a reward for information that leads to the arrest of Kerr - who police said must return to prison ` as a matter of urgency ' . A spokesman said : ` Police have described Kerr as a very dangerous man and it is urgent that he is returned to prison after this breach of his licence . Victim : Maureen Comfort was found dead in January 1996 after being murdered by Kerr and Christopher Moody . ` We understand that it might be someone that knows him personally who is aware of where he is , and for that reason , I would urge you to contact Crimestoppers , completely anonymously , safe in the knowledge nobody will ever know you spoke to us . ` Do the right thing and tell us where Kerr is . ' North Yorkshire Police have previously warned members of the public not to approach him but to call 999 if they spot him . Officers believe Kerr , who has links to the Humberside and West Yorkshire areas , may attempt to book in to a hostel in London under a false name . He was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on January 23 , and police announced last week that he had gone missing . Appealing directly to Kerr , Detective Inspector Eamonn Clarke of North Yorkshire Police said : ` William , you know you have breached your licence conditions , and by continuing to do so you are only making things worse . It is now time to do the right thing and hand yourself in to the police . ' Kerr , who speaks with a Scottish accent , was jailed along with Christopher Moody for the murder of 43-year-old Maureen Comfort , whose body was found in a cupboard in her flat in Leeds . She was last seen alive on December 4 , 1995 , and her strangled body was found by relatives on January 8 , 1996 . To qualify for the reward , anyone with information should contact Crimestoppers directly over the phone or online .