You wo n't find it written down anywhere in black and white yet it remains one of the unseen by-laws of the game : until such time as an almighty mess is sitting squarely on FIFA 's front step , the governing body chooses to keep the door bolted firmly shut . Rows over goal-line technology were hardly something new when Frank Lampard 's infamous ` ghost ' goal against Germany in the 2010 World Cup finally brought matters to a head . The 2000 Africa Cup of Nations Final between Nigeria and Cameroon had already been scarred by a similar howler while the world watched agog five years later as a Pedro Mendez effort which crossed the line at Old Trafford was incredibly missed by all the officials despite keeper Roy Carroll ending up tangled in the rigging . Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of Josh Meekings . Such was the hullabaloo over the incident involving the Portuguese star that FIFA did , in fact , begrudgingly make some noises about trialling goal-line systems but it was no more than platitudes to appease the masses . It took Lampard 's ruled-out effort in Bloemfontein -- with the ball being clearly a yard over Manuel Neuer 's line in the last-16 match -- for the dam to finally burst . Despite initially shrugging off calls for the adoption of goal-line technology to be approved , FIFA relented two years later with the system fully operational last year in Brazil . The lesson for Scottish football fans still bemused by events at Hampden Park on Sunday when the officials failed to spot a potentially game-changing handball ? Perhaps only when such an outrage occurs in the World Cup in Russia in three years ' time will common sense prevail . For those who believe the SFA are intransigent to football embracing the kind of video technology that would have seen Josh Meekings red carded and Celtic awarded a penalty in the Scottish Cup semi-final , here 's some news ... In February , the International Football Board -- the SFA , FA , Irish FA , Welsh FA and FIFA -- gathered in Belfast supposedly to discuss the possibility of approving trials . Before the meeting , FA representative David Gill made no bones about his association 's stance . Griffiths heads the ball , which is deflected clearly off the hand of Inverness ' Josh Meekings -LRB- left -RRB- on Sunday . ` We ca n't live in the past , ' he stated . ` Greg Dyke the -LRB- FA chairman -RRB- has come out and said he embraces it , and I think in certain circumstances I would look at it . We 've got to move forward . The game is getting much quicker . ` The TV coverage , you know , 28 , 30 cameras a game . Everything is replayed , replayed . So how do we use that ? My personal view is yes , sensibly , but it needs to be done in a manner that does n't detract from the fast-paced , quick action of football . ' Despite cases also being forwarded by the SFA and Irish FA to at least take the matter further , FIFA , aided by a sceptical Welsh representative , simply kicked the matter into the long grass . It wo n't be discussed again for at least another year now with the inevitable injustices far enough off the radar in the interim . ` It 's a question of making the biggest decision ever in the way football is played , ' said FIFA 's secretary general Jerome Valcke by way of an explanation for its rejection afterwards . While that may well be the case , procrastinating on the issue is hardly likely to resolve it . Injustices like those that almost certainly cost Celtic a place in the Scottish Cup Final on Sunday are hardly a rarity in the global game . Celtic captain Scott Brown -LRB- left -RRB- has words with referee Steven McLean during the Scottish Cup semi-final . Yet , until such time as one directly affects the outcome of a World Cup match involving one of the game 's heavyweights , they seem set to remain an ugly , unsatisfying feature of the landscape . To the great embarrassment of Michel Platini , the stationing of additional officials behind both goals has proved to be an extraordinary waste of time . Seemingly less reluctant to get involved than traditional linesman , ` additional assistant referees ' - to give them their Sunday names - have seemed utterly superfluous since they were first trialled in the 2009-10 Europa League . On Sunday , Alan Muir , the official behind the goal , should have had a clear view of Meekings ' handball . But for reasons best known to himself , he failed to advise referee Steven McLean on what seemed an inevitable course of action . It took the high-profile blunder that denied Frank Lampard in 2010 to shift FIFA on goal-line tecnhology . ` I knew it was a penalty , ' said Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths . ` I think everyone in the ground knew it was a penalty . I asked the ref why he did n't give the penalty and he said the assistant behind the goal said it hit him -LRB- Meekings -RRB- on the face . ' There is absolutely no excusing such crass incompetence . McLean and Muir should both have seen the handball with their own eyes and , even if one may have blinked at the wrong moment , assuredly one of them should have ensured the right call was made . That they did n't is another blight on what 's been a desperate season for officiating in this country . Perhaps more than ever , the SFA now has good reason to press FIFA to at least road-test video technology . It 's hardly unchartered territory in sport . For those who prefer the oval ball game , a Television Match Official has been part of the fabric of rugby for 14 years now . No-one claims the system is perfect -- decisions can often take longer to reach than they should - but few would dispute that it has n't enhanced the game because the right outcome is eventually arrived at . Lampard 's disallowed goal forced FIFA to rethink , and Scottish fans must hope for a similar incident . Used only in first-class and international televised games , the TMO can only rule on exactly what the referee asks him . This usually involves , in try-scoring situations , whether a player 's foot has been in touch or to see if the ball has been properly grounded , but the TMO is also used to review if there has been dangerous or foul play . While the video review is normally conclusive , the snag -- which is clearly a red flag for FIFA -- is the time delay . At a recent Aviva Premiership match between Northampton Saints and Saracens , it took four minutes of review to award the winning try to the former while two other tries were disallowed . Edward Griffiths , the Saracens chief executive , later labelled the TMO process ` a shambles ' . ` It 's almost make it up as you go along , ' Griffiths said . Indeed , rugby 's growing concern over the effect the TMO is having on the sport has led to Hawk-Eye , the ball-tracking technology company , to hold talks with the International Rugby Board about providing a replacement to the current system . Rugby 's TMO may not be perfect , but it has shown that the game is better for use of technology . Hawk-Eye , which is already used in cricket , tennis and for goal-line decisions in football , says it can provide information for decisions within a few seconds by synchronising cameras from multiple angles . Paul Hawkins , the founder of Hawk-Eye , said : ` Our system is a much cleverer way of looking at incidents . In Aussie Rules , we have halved the average time for decisions to be made . ' It can be assumed that , were FIFA to give tacit approval to video technology , Hawk-Eye would have just the programme to fit the bill . Using it sparingly would maintain the rhythm of football whilst ensuring that the 17 Laws of the Game are correctly applied . For football , the answers are already out there . If only someone would first ask the questions .