He 's protected Russell Crowe , Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler , and now Cengiz Guven is protecting Australian travellers at Gallipoli . Mr Guven is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day . And while there have been questions about security at Gallipoli following recent terror arrests in Australia and ongoing instability in Syria , Mr Guven is quietly confident . ` The army is here , we are here . It will be okay , ' he said . Cengiz Güven -LRB- left -RRB- with actor Russell Crowe in Istanbul during the premiere of Crowe 's film The Water Divider . The 30-year-old security guard pictured with Aerosmith lead singer Steven Tyler . The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things at Lone Pine for the past four years , but in between Anzac Days his work has a superstar flavour . When Crowe attended the Istanbul premiere of his latest film , The Water Diviner , in 2014 , Mr Guven was on personal protection duty . He kept Tyler safe when the frontman and his band were in town to perform and has been on duty for Campbell , American lifestyle icon Martha Stewart and electro-dance group The Prodigy . Switching from one-on-one to protecting thousands does n't faze Mr Guven , even when the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landings has made this year the busiest ever for him and his team from Turkish security firm VipSec . Turkish security guard Cengiz Güven outside the Lone Pine Cemetery on the Gallipoli Peninsular in the lead up to the Anzac Day ceremony . A wreath made from knitted poppies rests on a headstone at the Shell Green Cemetery below Lone Pine on the Gallipoli Peninsular on Wednesday . Corporal Andrew Barnett of the Australian Army Band , who will play the bugle at the upcoming Dawn Service commemoration ceremony to honour Australian and New Zealand soldiers killed in the Gallipoli Campaign , stands at Anzac Cove on Wednesday . ` It 's normally stressful but we are working here very proudly , ' he told AAP as workers carried on with final preparations at Lone Pine . ` We ca n't look at this project like a business . ' The civilian security team , which will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 Australians at the Lone Pine service on Anzac Day , is just a part of the enormous security machine that has swung into operation across the Gallipoli peninsula . Nearly 4000 national and paramilitary police , and at least 1000 Turkish soldiers will be on duty when the memorial sites are locked down over Friday and Saturday . More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are expected to attend the Anazc Commemorative site at Gallipoli for the Anzac Day 100th anniversary commemoration this year . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .