A mother has voiced her fear after scientific tests have failed to explain why oranges are turning an inexplicable tone of purple in her house . Angela Postle , from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland , stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket . The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail . ` I 'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit . We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem , ' Ms Postle told Daily Mail Australia . The oranges that turned an inexplicable hue of purple in Queensland mother Angela Postle 's house . She first stumbled upon the uncanny phenomenon after buying the oranges from her local Woolworths . ` I cut them up up for my children but ended up making something else and forgetting about them . The next morning I noticed the purple colouring , and it got progressively worse over the coming days . ' Ms Postle took the oranges back to the supermarket and was offered a refund but no explanation . She resolved to send them to the health authorities in a bid to find out what had happened . But to her horror , the phenomenon unfolded a second time with oranges from a different supermarket , suggesting the problem is coming from within her own house . ` We need answers , this is n't normal or natural . I am not going to feed my kids something like that . I think it 's awful they have n't come up with any answers . ' Angela Postle with four of her five children , Jaspa , Marlah , Makali and Ceejay . The mother has voiced her fear over the strange phenomenon : I am not going to feed my kids something like that . I think it 's awful they have n't come up with any answers ' A spokesperson from the to Queensland Environmental Health Branch told Daily Mail Australia the following . ` Preliminary testing on a sample of oranges which had shown purple discolouration has been completed by the Queensland Health Forensic and Scientific Services . ` Testing was carried out to determine the presence of commonly used synthetic food colourings . The oranges showed no indication of the presence of any artificial colours . ` Testing was also undertaken to determine the presence of iodine . No evidence of iodine was found . They said a sample of the the oranges has been sent to a molecular biology laboratory for further analysis . Ms Postle said the discolouration grew worse over the coming days until it encompassed the entire fruit . After the first round of tests were completed last week , a sample of the the oranges has been sent to a molecular biology laboratory for further analysis . Mrs Postle said the second round of tests could take a whole month , a period when she will be avoiding oranges and being dildigent with her food choices . ` We 're not eating oranges and being very careful with our food choices until then . ' Experts have voiced their bewilderment at the images of the discoloured fruit . Andrew Harty from Citrus Australia told 9News it was highly unusual . ` I 've never seen anything like that , and I 've been in the game a long time . An orange would never do that naturally . ' Experts have voiced their bewilderment at the images of the discoloured fruit , which they claim is highly unusual .