Punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016 . Many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii . But others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers , blaming ` shirtless f *** wits ' for ruining the festival and joking that ` gym memberships and ecstasy dealers ' would be hardest hit . Scroll down for video . Music fans pose during the Future Music Festival at Sydney 's Randwick Racecourse in February this year . Punters have reacted with a mixture amusement and fury to the announcement Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016 . ` What will we do with all the d ***** bags in singlets ? ' Adam Connelly joked on Twitter . ` BUT WHERE WILL I WALK AROUND WITHOUT A SHIRT WHILST ON PINGAZ ?! ' Jake Finnigan posted on Facebook . More than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at Future Music Festival events around the country , which took place in Sydney , Perth , Adelaide , Melbourne and Brisbane between February 28 and March 9 . On Thursday , organisers of the annual event released a statement announcing that it has been cancelled . Many people were genuinely upset over the announcement - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii . In a statement it was explained that due to low ticket sales and high operational costs , the festival could not continue . In the beginning : The festival first began in 2006 as a standalone one day festival in Sydney . ` It 's been a difficult decision to make but in the end travelling the festival in its current form across Australia simply does n't make financial sense anymore ' the statement read . Following Thursday 's announcement , music fans took to social media to express their disappointment . ` I 've been to 5 out of the last 6 futures in Sydney and it 's always been my favourite festival . However it was pretty obvious with your lineup this year that there was trouble in the camp , ' Matt Duffy wrote on Facebook . ` I reckon Avicii and Drake alone would of sent you broke ! I hope some people get crucified for this ! ' Following Thursday 's announcement , music fans took to social media to express their disappointment . The decision comes just one month after the festival made its way through the major cities in the country . Meanwhile Faith Van Lith posted : ` These `` superstar '' DJs need to stop charging such retarded amounts of money they are destroying their own industry . ' Another fan posted on Twitter : ` Future Music festival -LSB- because -RSB- DJs charge way too much . I mean is it really necessary to charge 250K for an hour ? ' Promoting company Mushroom Group released a subsequent statement explaining the decision . ` Despite the considerable critical acclaim of the 2015 festival , the last two years of ticket sales for the festival have underperformed , meaning Future Music Festival will not be returning in 2016 ' . Last time : The decision came just one month after the festival made its way around the country and was headlined by Avicii . On stage : Canadian rapper Drake was also a co-headliner at the dance festival this year . The decision comes just one month after the festival made its way through the major cities in the country this year , which was headlined by rapper Drake and DJ Avicii . Speaking to The Music Group Chairman Michael Gudinski said : ' ... the cost to physically stage the events has significantly increased , even in just two years . ' ` The fluctuating dollar also has n't helped and the increasing popularity of EDM -LSB- electronic dance music -RSB- in the States has seen DJ fees escalating out of control . ' Mixing it up : Known for blending dance and rap artists in to the lineup , Macklemore performed on the 2014 bill . Gudinski believes that touring festivals will eventually be phased out altogether in Australia . ' ... Australia is following a trend that 's already been seen in America where touring festivals have become a thing of the past ... Instead , stand-alone location festivals such as Coachella and Lollapalooza are going from strength to strength . ' There is some positive news for disappointed fans as it was confirmed that the under 18 version of the festival , Good Life will continue . Crowd favoruites : Dance group The Prodigy performed at this years festival as well in 2013 and 2010 . Back to work : Future Music also marked the first slew of shows for singer Example this year after taking time off to be with his wife and newborn son . On the road : The festival 's huge success saw it travel to Brisbane , Perth , Melbourne and Adelaide from 2007 onward . Mushroom Group also announced they are planning ` a new festival concept ' which will take place in the same period that Future Music was held . The festival first began in 2006 as a standalone one day festival in Sydney , however its huge success saw it travel to Brisbane , Perth , Melbourne and Adelaide from the next year onward . Some local and international talent who have taken to the Future Music stage over the years include The Prodigy , Bloc Party , Skrillex , Rita Ora , Kesha and Macklemore .