Residents of New South Wales who are already reeling from last week 's wild weather are being warned to brace for more floods and damage , with another storm predicted to hit later this week . Meteorologists say early indicators show that an east coast low -- the same weather system that lashed the state 's east coast for three days last week -- could hit the region , with heavy rain possible from Thursday . The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed . SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills says the organisation is concerned that more storms will these hamper clean-up efforts . Scroll down for video . Meteorologists say early indicators show an east coast low -- the same weather system that lashed the state 's east coast for three days last week -- could hit again bringing heavy rain from Thursday through to Saturday . Locals survey the damage and destruction caused by flooding in Dungog in the NSW Hunter region . Residents who have been hit by wild weather across New South Wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage with another storm predicted to hit this week . People struggle against the heavy rain and strong wind on the streets in the Sydney CBD last week . ` Any weather that strikes up north is of concern to us , especially considering the devastation from the storm that hit last week , ' Ms Wills told Daily Mail Australia . ` Any water is going to hit that saturated ground and raise flood levels again , and any wind is going to knock over the trees that are uprooted . ' Ms Wills said the SES was particularly worried about the effect more wild weather would have on the Hunter region , which suffered through flooding and high winds in the last storm . ` That 's our focus - the Hunter region - because they 've been smashed , ' she said . ` We really are quite concerned about that particular area . ` We are urging the community to prepare themselves , prepare their homes and prepare their families to prevent further loss and devastation . ' Weatherzone meteorologist Kim Westcott said a trough of low pressure was forming along the coast , and would hit heaviest in the far northern parts of the state . This picture has shows Western Sydney blanketed by floodwaters and hail on Saturday . Flooding in Maitland . The SES warned flood levels could be raised again with more rain . SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills said the organisation is concerned that more storms would hamper clean-up efforts , with 4,409 of 24,196 jobs still needing to be completed . Ms Wills said the SES was particularly worried about the effect more wild weather would have on the hard-hit Hunter region -LRB- pictured : damage in Dungog -RRB- . Sydney was hit by more wild weather on the weekend - with a freak hail storm coming down on Saturday . A Sydney backyard is flooded and covered in hail stones on Anzac Day . MONDAY . Sydney - Max 20 degrees , mostly sunny . Newcastle - Max 19 degrees , mostly sunny . Gosford - Max 20 degrees , mostly sunny . Wollongong - Max 19 degrees , partly cloudy . TUESDAY . Sydney - Min 13 to max 20 degrees , possible late shower . Newcastle - Min 13 to max 19 degrees , shower or two . Gosford - Min 11 to max 20 degrees , possible late shower . Wollongong - Min 12 to max 18 degrees , possible late shower . WEDNESDAY . Sydney - Min 14 to max 20 degrees , shower or two . Newcastle - Min 13 to max 19 degrees , showers . Gosford - Min 12 to max 19 degrees , shower or two . Wollongong - Min 13 to max 18 degrees , shower or two . THURSDAY . Sydney - Min 14 to max 19 degrees , showers . Newcastle - Min 14 to max 18 degrees , showers . Gosford - Min 13 to max 19 degrees , showers . Wollongong - Min 14 to max 19 degrees , showers . FRIDAY . Sydney - Min 15 to max 20 degrees , showers . Newcastle - Min 16 to max 19 degrees , showers . Gosford - Min 14 to max 19 degrees , showers . Wollongong - Min 15 to max 19 degrees , showers . SATURDAY . Sydney - Min 15 to max 20 degrees , showers . Newcastle - Min 15 to max 22 degrees , showers easing . Gosford - Min 13 to max 22 degrees , showers easing . Wollongong - Min 15 to max 20 degrees , showers . ` It looks like we could get an east coast low later on this week , but it is certainly a different kettle of fish than we 've seen last week , ' Ms Westcott said . ` The difference is that it is a little bit further away from the coast and it is in a different area - so the heavy rain is probably not going to be over Sydney . ' Ms Westcott said the weather system appeared to be moving quickly . ` We might get two days of rain but it 's not likely to be the same three days of wind and rain we saw last week , ' she said . Damage and destruction caused by flooding in Stroud in the NSW Hunter region . Bureau of Meteorology NSW regional director Barry Hanstrum said : ` Early indications suggest the main impacts of intense rainfall and strong winds will be on coastal areas in the states north east including the Northern Rivers and Mid North coasts , with heavy falls also likely for southeast Queensland . ` Current guidance suggests that rain will increase this week , and peak between Thursday and Saturday . ` Further rainfall is likely for catchments that have already experienced flooding during last week 's severe weather event . ' The Bureau Of Meteorology said it was too early to tell how severe the weather system would be . Ms Wills said the SES would spend the next few days trying to complete as many jobs as possible , as well as warning people to prepare their homes should another severe storm hit . ` Obviously we 're trying to get through has many as we can before next system hits , ' she said . Ms Wills said there were over 1000 personnel in the field across NSW , including 200 from other states such as Queensland , Victoria , the ACT and South Australia .