It 's time to find out who really has the best taste as The Block 's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28 . Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12 , with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look . Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos , including Darren and Dea who pocketed just $ 10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family . Scroll down for video . When it goes under the hammer next month Ayden and Jess hope that their efforts will be rewarded . Ayden and Jess 's work has been given good reviews over the course of the series . Ayden and Jess will be hoping that home owners will be plumping for them . Ayden and Jess in apartment 3 are going with Adam Joske of Gary Peer & Associates , with Stuart Benson as auctioneer . Darren and Dea returned for The Block Triple Threat and face off against Charlotte and Josh , Tim and Anastasia , and Ayden and Jess . Contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100,000 bonus . Agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom properties in trendy South Yarra . Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos , including Darren and Dea . Dea and Darren , at 4/27 Darling Street , have chosen Jellis Craig 's Andrew McCann and auctioneer Damien Cooley . Darren and Dea will be hoping that they 've created something that potential buyers will like . It 's been a tough few weeks for Darren and Dea but the finished result has lived up to all their expectations . Viewers are still catching up , with current episodes focusing on kitchens - the only major room left to make-over . The internal stairs and terraces are all that is then left to complete . The Domain reports that Hockingstuart agent Mark Konishi has been tasked with the sale of Josh and Charlotte 's apartment , 1/27 Darling Street , with auctioneer David Wood preparing to powder his nose for the televised auction finale . Dea and Darren , at 4/27 Darling Street , have chosen Jellis Craig 's Andrew McCann and auctioneer Damien Cooley . Josh and Charlotte have put plenty of work into their apartment at 1/27 Darling Street . Hockingstuart agent Mark Konishi will be selling Josh and Charlotte 's apartment at 1/27 Darling Street . A beautiful wine cellar is just one stand out feature of Josh and Charlotte 's apartment . Tim and Anastasia , in apartment 2 are pairing with Biggin & Scott 's Russell Cambridge , who looked after the Jolly 's Glasshouse apartment , and Ayden and Jess in apartment 3 are going with Adam Joske of Gary Peer & Associates , with Stuart Benson as auctioneer . Buyers advocates have already taken some potential buyers through the apartments . If previous years are anything to go by , up to 40,000 Block fans are expected to line up to be the first to walk through the four reality show homes . A clean and modern is what Josh and Charlotte aimed for in their bedroom . Tim and Anastasia , in apartment 2 are pairing with Biggin & Scott 's Russell Cambridge , who looked after the Jolly 's Glasshouse apartment . Tim and Anastasia are confident that they will come out on top when the apartments go on sale next month . A simple yet stylish living room will do Tim and Anastasia 's chances no harm . How much buyers like how they have planned the bedrooms may have a bearing on Tim and Anastasia 's chances .