Historians have unearthed nearly 2,000 perfectly preserved examples of poignant graffiti written on the walls of a cave 100 feet beneath the French countryside by doomed First World War soldiers just weeks before they were to join the fighting on the Western Front . The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme . The site 's proximity to the battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to the discovery 's importance , with experts saying : ` It provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the conflict . ' Scroll down for video . Poignant : The names of 9th Battalion Australians ' G. Fitzhenry of Paddington , Sydney and Alistair Ross of Lismore are engraved on the walls of the former chalk quarry in Naours , northern France and dated July 1916 . Horror or war : The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the doom of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme . A direction sign engraved with the names of soldiers who went on to fight at the Somme is seen at the site in Naours , northern France . Discovery : Nearly 2,000 century-old inscriptions that have recently come to light at the former chalk quarry in Naours , northern France . One inscription found in a rough-hewn passage 100 feet underground read : ` James Cockburn 8th Durham L.I. ' It 's cut so clean it could have been left yesterday . Only the date next to it - April 1 , 1917 - roots it in the horrors of the First World War . The piece of graffiti is just one of nearly 2,000 century-old inscriptions that have recently come to light in Naours . ` It shows how soldiers form a sense of place and an understanding of their role in a harsh and hostile environment , ' said historian Ross Wilson of Chichester University in Britain . Etchings , even scratched bas-reliefs , were left by many soldiers during the war . But those in Naours ` would be one of the highest concentrations of inscriptions on the Western Front ' that stretches from Switzerland to the North Sea , said Wilson . Photographer Jeff Gusky has tallied 1,821 individual names : 731 Australians , 339 British , 55 Americans , a handful of French and Canadians and 662 others whose nationalities have yet to be traced . ` All these guys wanted to be remembered , ' Gusky says , pointing out examples from Texas and Florida . American soldier : This inscription reads ` HA Deanate , 148th Aero Squadron , USA . 150 Vermilyea Ave , New York City ' Looking : Jeffrey Gusky , a photographer and physician from Texas points at graffiti in theformer chalk quarry , in Naours , northern France . History : The site 's proximity to the Somme battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to the discovery 's importance , with experts saying : ` It provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the conflict ' Painstaking : Jeffrey Gusky began photographing the site last December and has so far tallied 1,821 individual names : 731 Australians , 339 British , 55 Americans , a handful of French and Canadians and 662 others whose nationalities have yet to be traced . Naours ' underground city is a two-mile-long complex of tunnels with hundreds of chambers dug out over centuries in the chalky Picardy plateau . During the Middle Ages villagers took shelter there from marauding armies crisscrossing northern France . By the 18th century the quarry 's entrance was blocked off and forgotten . In 1887 a local priest rediscovered the site and it eventually became a tourist attraction . That 's what likely drew the soldiers to it during the war , said Gilles Prilaux , an archaeologist for France 's national archaeology institute . Gusky began a three-year study of the tunnels last July , intending to focus on the site 's medieval past - but stumbled on this more recent slice of history . ` It was a big surprise ' Prilaux said of the discovery of the World War I graffiti left by soldiers from Australia , Britain , Canada and the U.S. Soldiers left similar inscriptions in tunnels at Arras and Vimy . But unlike those sites , Naours is well back from the front lines . And it was n't known to have been used as a shelter or hospital like other Western Front quarries . Naours ' underground city is a two-mile-long complex of tunnels with hundreds of chambers dug out over centuries in the Picardy plateau . Location : Naours is only a few miles from Vignacourt , a town used as a staging area for troops moving up to and back from the Somme battlefields some 25 miles to the east . Taking a break : Experts believe the young soldiers from distant countries would have heard about the famous ` Naours caves ' and taken advantage of a break from war to do some sight-seeing . Surprise find : Jeffrey Gusky began a three-year study of the tunnels last July , intending to focus on the site 's medieval past - but stumbled on this more recent slice of history . Naours is only a few miles from Vignacourt , a town used as a staging area for troops moving up to and back from the Somme battlefields some 25 miles to the east . Prilaux thinks that the young soldiers from distant countries would have heard about the famous ` Naours caves ' and taken advantage of a break from war to do some sight-seeing . That idea is backed by an entry in the diary of Wilfred Joseph Allan Allsop , a 23-year-old private from Sydney , Australia . ` At 1 p.m. 10 of us went to the famous Caves near Naours where refugees used to hide in times of Invasion ' Allsop wrote on Jan. 2 , 1917 . Wilson said the importance of studying graffiti like this has only emerged in the last 10 to 20 years . ` What were previously regarded as incidental acts that occur away from the battlefield have been shown to be highly important in understanding the lives of those who experienced the conflict , ' Wilson said . One of the most moving inscriptions at Naours was made by Herbert John Leach , a 25-year-old from Adelaide . His inscription reads ` HJ Leach . Merely a private . 13/7/16 . SA Australia . ' Barely a month after Leach added his name to the wall he was killed in action on Aug. 23 , 1916 , during the Battle of Pozieres . On his grave , in the Australian cemetery in nearby Flers , his father inscribed ` Duty Nobly Done . '