The youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia is also committed to improving working conditions in Cambodia , where his heritage lies . Khim Hang , 22 , displayed his bold collection HAN with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . And that 's exactly where he takes his inspiration from , citing his parents ' escape from the Khmer Rouge as the key reason for his commitment to looking after workers in his family 's home country , and ethically producing his products . Scroll down for video . Hot right now : Khim Hang is thought to be the youngest designer to show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia at just 22 years of age -LRB- pictured : his catwalk presentation this week -RRB- . Making a splash : The Brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers . ` I 've been really inspired by my culture and my heritage , ' Hang , who is based in Brisbane , told SBS backstage . ` I 've been doing a lot of research about Cambodia in the 1960s ... and for me it 's a reinterpretation of what this culture once was , and what it is now , ' he added . Hang has also spoken about his hesitance to visit Cambodia after the horror his parents went through trying to flee Pol Pot , leader of the Khmer Rouge . ` I 've recently been doing a lot of travel back to where my family 's from in Cambodia and I just recently opened up a factory over there , ' he told News Corp ahead of his show . ` I 've been really inspired by my culture and my heritage , ' the Brisbane-based designer said . The HAN collection , which adopted its own punk-look , showed a strong oriental influence . Hang -LRB- front right -RRB- collaborated with fashion blogger Margaret Zhang -LRB- pictured with models -RRB- for the runway show . ` We 've got about 15 staff at the moment , we pay double the minimum wage and we also provide childcare facilities for our staff 's children , ' the designer revealed . He also spoke to the publication about trying to improve working conditions in the country that has been through so much . Hang said his father has vivid memories of daring escapes to try and reach the Thai border , once falling into a pit of rotting bodies . The designer revealed that many people from Cambodia do n't know what it 's like to be involved in the fashion industry at any level higher than working in a factory , and he wanted to change that with HAN . Together Hang and Zhang put on a bold show on Wednesday at Carriageworks in Sydney . The designer is passionate about the working conditions of factory employees in Cambodia . Fashion blogger Margaret Zhang worked with Hang on the collection as the stylist , and together the pair put on a bold show on Wednesday at Carriageworks in Sydney . The punk-look collection also reflected a strong oriental influence in a nod to Hang 's cultural background . The line featured oriental-influenced prints and tailoring along military lines as seen in kimono jackets , waist ties , loose pants and eyebrow raising stocking shoes and caps with the overall look one of war soldier meets lay monk .