STYLE OVER SUBSTANCE . This game is being billed as Beauty v the Beast , but do n't underestimate Arsene Wenger . It 's not just about style -- he plays to win . The philosophy Wenger has imposed has made Arsenal popular throughout the world . People love to watch them , certainly more than Jose Mourinho 's teams . But on Sunday , he is up against the ultimate pragmatist -- Mourinho finds any way to win . Chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with Arsenal , keeping four clean sheets in the process . Mourinho does exactly what 's necessary . So while Wenger always aims to win , he still cares about the brand of football played . Mourinho 's brand is winning . Arsene Wenger -LRB- left -RRB- pushed Jose Mourinho when Chelsea beat Arsenal 6-0 at Stamford Bridge last season . Wenger can not be underestimated , according to Martin Keown ... it 's not all about style , he plays to win . TALKING TACTICS . Arsenal should dominate possession while Chelsea are more likely to sit deep and use the electric pace of Eden Hazard and Willian on the break . Chelsea will be very disciplined and in some ways that is a shame because the players are n't allowed to express themselves as they might . In the reverse fixture in October , Chelsea pressed Arsenal all over and Wenger 's side were stifled -- they did not get a shot on target for the first time in a Premier League match since 2003 . Jose creates such an intensity and focus that winning becomes a matter of life and death . But Arsenal will send waves of players forward at pace and try to isolate Branislav Ivanovic , Gary Cahill and John Terry , who are not the quickest . Keown -LRB- right -RRB- and Wenger go back a long way , after Keown 's two stints at Arsenal during his career . Chelsea boss Mourinho always finds a way to win and has a brilliant record against Wenger . CHANGE THE RECORD . Mourinho 's record over Wenger is remarkable . Not many managers can say they have never lost to Arsene Wenger . Jose feels he knows Wenger 's game and the Arsenal boss ca n't surprise him . I 'd be amazed if Chelsea go all out to attack , but they will still pack a punch on the break . FLAVOUR OF THE MONTH . Jose wants to win every trophy going but he has a poor record in the Premier League Manager of the Month award . He has only won it three times , the same as Alan Curbishley and one fewer than Joe Kinnear . Wenger has won it 14 times . THE CESC DIFFERENCE . Cesc Fabregas has enjoyed a brilliant season at Chelsea but I do n't think he would have necessarily benefited Arsenal had he joined . That central midfield area is very congested and he would have halted Aaron Ramsey 's progress . But one thing is certain on Sunday -- he wo n't receive a warm welcome . Mourinho has a poor Premier League Manager of the Month record ; he has won as many as Alan Curbishley . Cesc Fabregas has been impressive this season , but he would n't necessarily have been as good with Arsenal .