A young Syrian boy has revealed how he saw depraved Islamic State militants playing football with a severed head inside the besieged Yarmouk refugee camp . Amjad Yaaqub , 16 , said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp in the Syrian capital Damascus . The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother , who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before ISIS carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead in just seven days . His story was revealed as refugees in Yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since ISIS seized control of 90 per cent of the camp , including innocent children being slaughtered in front of their anguished parents . Scroll down for video . Scene of death : A destroyed graveyard is photographed in Yarmouk camp following the intense fighting . Innocent : Palestinians , who fled the Yarmouk refugee camp , sit on mattresses inside a school in Damascus . After enduring two years of famine and fighting , Ibrahim Abdel Fatah said he saw heads cut off by ISIS in the Palestinian camp of Yarmouk . That was it . He fled and has n't looked back . Unshaven , pale and gaunt , he has found refuge with his wife and seven children at the Zeinab al-Haliyeh school in Tadamun , a southeastern district of the Syrian capital held by the army . ` I saw severed heads . They killed children in front of their parents . We were terrorised , ' he said . ` We had heard of their cruelty from the television , but when we saw it ourselves ... I can tell you , their reputation is well-deserved , ' the 55-year-old said . The school is currently home to 98 displaced people , among them 40 children , who have been put up in three classrooms . The usual occupants , schoolchildren , have been evacuated temporarily from rooms where mattresses and bedding now blanket the floor . ` I left my house which was the only thing I had . My family lived on rations supplied by UNRWA , ' the United Nations agency that looks after Palestinian refugees , the former caretaker said . Destroyed : In late December 2012 , Yarmouk - just four miles from central Damascus - became a battlefield between pro- and anti-government forces before a merciless siege began . A man stands on a staircase inside a demolished building inside the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp . Anwar Abdel Hadi , a Palestine Liberation Organisation official in Damascus , said 500 families , or about 2,500 people , fled Yarmouk before IS fighters attacked the camp last Wednesday . Before the assault , there were around 18,000 people in Yarmouk in a southern neighbourhood of the Syrian capital . Yarmouk was once a thriving district housing 160,000 Palestinian refugees and Syrians . But that was before it too was caught up in the widespread civil unrest which erupted in 2011 . In late December 2012 , Yarmouk - just four miles from central Damascus - became a battlefield between pro- and anti-government forces before a merciless siege began . The camp has been encircled for more than a year , but is now reported to be almost completely under the control of ISIS and Al Qaeda 's local affiliate , Jabhat al-Nusra . Residents who fled the advancing jihadists last week have been put up in regime-held areas nearby . According to Britain-based monitor the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , nearly 200 people had died in Yarmouk from malnutrition and lack of medicines before last Wednesday 's assault . Carnage : Before the Islamic State assault , there were around 18,000 people in Yarmouk in a southern neighbourhood of the Syrian capital Damascus . Keeping the faith : A Palestinian man who fled the Yarmouk refugee camp prays inside a school in Damascus . Speaking of the moment he stumbled on the ISIS militants , 16-year-old Amjad said : ` In Palestine Street , I saw two members of Daesh playing with a severed head as if it was a football . Wearing a baseball cap sideways , rapper-style , the youth has a swollen eye and chin . ` Daesh came to my home looking for my brother who 's in the Palestinian Popular Committees . They beat me until I passed out and left me for dead , ' he added , referring to the group by an Arabic acronym . At the entrance to the school , Umm Usama chatted with fellow refugees who had got out . ` I left the camp despite myself , ' said the 40-year-old woman who had lived in Yarmouk for 17 years . ` I 'd stayed on despite the bombings and famine . It was terrible , we ate grass , but at least I was at home . ` Daesh 's arrival meant destruction and massacre . Their behaviour 's not human and their religion is not ours , ' added the thin woman with sunken eyes . Rubble : Destruction in Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in the Syrian capital Damascus earlier this week . Palestinians demanding the protection of refugees in Yarmouk stage a demonstration in Gaza city on Monday . Men lie around on mattresses as women gather in small groups , smoking cigarettes and drinking fruit juice as children run around the room . ` Everything changed when IS arrived . Before that we did n't fear death , because if there was fighting , the rebels made sure the civilians got to shelters , ' said Abir , a 47-year-old woman who was born and raised in Yarmouk . There are no suitcases to be seen in the classrooms -- the families had to leave so quickly there was no time to pack anything . ` I left without bringing any belongings . My husband was n't able to join me . I walked out hugging the walls so snipers could n't see me , ' said 19-year-old Nadia , nursing her two-month-old baby . Yesterday ISIS launched English-language radio news bulletins on its al-Bayan radio network . The militant group 's English bulletin , promoted via Twitter , accompanies Arabic and Russian bulletins already airing on the network . The first bulletin , which provided an overview of their activities in Iraq , Syria and Libya , discussed a range of topics including the alleged death of an ISIS commander in Yarmouk , a suicide bombing in the Iraqi city of Kirkuk and mortar attacks on militias in Sirte , Libya . ISIS holds territory in a third of Iraq and Syria and is becoming increasingly active in Libya . The group already publishes a monthly online English-language magazine , Dabiq , with religious lessons , plus news about its activities .