Thierry Henry said the Stadium of Light was the noisiest atmosphere he had ever experienced during Sunderland 's derby win over Newcastle . Six days later , silence reigned . A sorrowful silence as thousands streamed for the exits in the wake of Crystal Palace 's fourth goal inside 14 second-half minutes . Sunderland strikers Steven Fletcher and Jermain Defoe ca n't hide their disappointment following defeat . A shameful silence as Sunderland 's players afterwards absorbed the shock of another embarrassing home collapse . But perhaps most damning was the sad silence of realisation from Dick Advocaat . When asked how concerned he was that the side he has inherited are in danger of the drop , he grimaced for fully 10 seconds before returning : ` Worried ? Yes , very worried . ' And he has every reason to be . Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat looks on as Sunderland are dismantled at home by Crystal Palace . The stands emptied during the second-half at the Stadium of Light as Sunderland conceded four goals . Exactly four weeks earlier Advocaat had watched from the comfort of his home in Holland as Sunderland trailed 4-0 at half-time to Aston Villa , a side who had scored just twice on the road all season . On Saturday , he watched from the discomfort of the touchline as Yannick Bolasie trebled his tally for the campaign with a devastating 11-minute hat-trick . The Congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for Glenn Murray . Palace were ruthless and Alan Pardew , beaten in his last four Tyne-Wear derbies as Newcastle boss , had his revenge . Yannick Bolasie applauds the travelling fans holding the match ball after helping Crystal Palace to victory . Sunderland -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Pantilimon 4.5 ; Jones 5 , Vergini 4 , O'Shea 3.5 , Van Aanholt 5 ; Rodwell 5 , Cattermole 4.5 -LRB- Bridcutt 64 min , 5 -RRB- , Gomez 4.5 -LRB- Johnson 60 , 5 -RRB- ; Defoe 5 , Fletcher 5 , Wickham 6 . Subs not used : Reveillere , Graham , Coates , Mannone , Buckley . Scorer : Wickham 89 . Booked : Rodwell , Cattermole . Crystal Palace -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Speroni 6 ; Ward 6 , Dann 7.5 , Delaney 6.5 , Souare 6 -LRB- Kelly 35 , 6 -RRB- ; Zaha 7.5 , McArthur 6.5 -LRB- Ledley 69 , 6 -RRB- , Jedinak 6.5 , Puncheon 7 ; Bolasie 9 -LRB- Sanogo 71 , 6 -RRB- , Murray 8 . Subs not used : Hangeland , Hennessey , Gayle , Ameobi . Scorers : Murray 48 , Bolasie 51 , 54 , 62 . Booked : Dann . Man of the match : Yannick Bolasie . Referee : Anthony Taylor 6 . SUPER STAT : Sunderland have now lost the four matches immediately after their Tyne-Wear derby victories . Sunderland , though , had again given a depressing demonstration of how to surrender a football match . When your skipper , John O'Shea , is out-fought for a ball with the odds stacked in his favour -- as he was for Bolasie 's second -- then you know your problems have permeated the core of the team . Jermain Defoe , derby match winner the previous weekend , played as if he had been issued with an exclusion order from the penalty box . Advocaat said : ` I can see for myself that we do n't create enough chances even though we play with three strikers . Even when we play with so many up front we do n't create anything and that means there is something wrong in the squad . ` We showed we can do something against Newcastle but if we carry on performing like this then we have no chance . ' On this evidence , Advocaat is right . Sunderland will only be spared relegation by the shortcomings of others . They are not capable of saving themselves , as they did in miraculous fashion 12 months ago . Given that the season finishes with trips to Arsenal and Chelsea they are now working on a four-game rescue plan . Wilfired Zaha joins an ecstatic Bolasie -LRB- left -RRB- after the forward produced a stunning hat-trick in the second-half . For Palace and brilliant Bolasie , meanwhile , they are only looking up after four straight wins . And the 25-year-old credited Pardew following his first senior hat-trick . ` That -LRB- goals -RRB- is what the manager has been demanding from me , ' he said . ` He has been putting me right in the middle of sessions , even doing the lay-ups for me . Crystal Palace forward Zaha evades the attention of Sunderland striker Fletcher during the contest . ` He has put sessions on that have been especially for the strikers , it 's been excellent . ' Pardew enjoyed seeing his side run riot . Murray headed them in front before Bolasie executed three swift breakaways . A league table from Pardew 's time in charge has Palace fifth . And he added : ` We are a pretty young team and only need to add two or three to the squad and we could be a real force next season . ' As for next season for Sunderland , they can only hope they 're in the same division as Palace . Advocaat shakes hands with opposition manager Alan Pardew knowing his side is in real relegation danger .