Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Southampton 's home clash with Hull ... Southampton vs Hull City -LRB- St Mary 's -RRB- . Team news . Southampton . Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic has been ruled out of Saturday 's Barclays Premier league clash with Hull because of an ankle injury . Midfielder Steven Davis returns to the team after recovering from an ankle problem , as does defender Florin Gardos who has been struggling with an unspecified knock . Steven Davis -LRB- left -RRB- battles with Ipswich Town 's Tyrone Mings in an FA Cup third round match earlier this season . Davis could return to the Southampton side to face Hull . Goalkeeper Fraser Forster is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery , but Jay Rodriguez could be back from his long-term knee problem before the end of the season . Provisional squad : K Davis , Gazzaniga , Clyne , Gardos , Bertrand , Targett , Yoshida , Alderweireld , Fonte , S Davis , Schneiderlin , Wanyama , Ward-Prowse , Reed , Elia , Tadic , Mane , Long , Seager , Pelle . Hull . Hull boss Steve Bruce is yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor for Saturday 's Barclays Premier League trip to Southampton . Veteran Steve Harper is on standby to replace McGregor if Bruce opts to give the Scot a rest while he has a number of other selection issues to contend with . Allan McGregor is out of form for Hull and could be rested by manager Steve Bruce . Tom Huddlestone returns from suspension but David Meyler is out after his red card last week while Gaston Ramirez and Nikica Jelavic are also both unavailable . Curtis Davies ' thigh injury will be assessed . Provisional squad : McGregor , Harper , Dawson , Davies , McShane , Robertson , Bruce , Chester , Elmohamady , Livermore , Diame , Huddlestone , Quinn , Hernandez , Aluko , N'Doye . Kick-off : Saturday , 3 pm . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Southampton 4/9 . Draw 3/1 . Hull 15/2 . Referee : Kevin Friend . Managers : Ronald Koeman -LRB- Southampton -RRB- , Steve Bruce -LRB- Hull -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Southampton wins 21 , draws 18 , Hull wins 12 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Southampton have won seven of their last eight against Hull City -LRB- L1 -RRB- , including each of the last five . Hull have lost seven and won none of their last 12 trips to Southampton in league competition . Since February 1 , Southampton have taken only two points more -LRB- 11 -RRB- than Hull City -LRB- 9 -RRB- and have played an additional game . Saints have scored only five goals in their last nine Premier League matches . Hull have collected only two points from their last five Premier League matches -LRB- D2 L3 -RRB- . Hull City have failed to score in 13 of their last 23 Premier League games . Southampton have won their last five games against Hull , including a 1-0 win at the KC Stadium earlier this season where Jose Fonte -LRB- left -RRB- , Toby Alderwireld -LRB- centre -RRB- and Morgan Schneiderlin celebrate victory . Eight of the Tigers ' last 11 Premier League goals have come in the first half . Hull have created only 20 clear cut chances in the Premier League this season , fewer than any other team . Graziano Pelle has not scored a Premier League goal since December 20 and has made 14 PL apps since . Nikica Jelavic has scored eight Premier League goals this season , only one fewer than his best campaign in England -LRB- nine for Everton in 2011-12 -RRB- .