Leeds president Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of Saturday 's match against Charlton . Mirco Antenucci , Giuseppe Bellusci , Dario Del Fabro , Marco Silvestri , Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani withdrew from the squad on the eve of the trip to The Valley citing injuries , prompting some accusations that the players had gone ` on strike ' . The club released a statement on Sunday evening looking to draw a line under the controversy which read : ` Leeds United Football Club wants to clarify that during the days leading up to the away Championship fixture at Charlton Athletic on Saturday April 17 that six first-team players suffered injuries . ' Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to players pulling out of Saturday 's match against Charlton . Mirco Antenucci was among the six players to withdraw from the squad ahead of the defeat by Charlton . And Cellino , who has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy , has now also distanced himself from any possible conspiracy theory , telling the Sun : ` I am not a coward and not the sort of guy who tells his players to go on strike . ` I only found out on Friday evening . I admit it looks weird . But if the players were injured , why did n't the manager inform the chairman ? ` This looks like a fight between manager Neil Redfearn and the ownership of the club , which is not good . ' Cellino 's ban and the injury controversy are just two of a string of chaotic events that have plagued Leeds recently with Redfearn 's position increasingly threatened over recent weeks . Giuseppe Bellusci , Antenucci and two other Italians were among those who made themselves unavailable . Redfearn has led the club to safety after taking over from ill-fated predecessors David Hockaday and Darko Milanic , but he saw assistant Steve Thompson lose his job without warning on April 2 and his own deal , which expires at the end of the season , looks increasingly unlikely to be renewed under the club 's current regime . The state of flux at Elland Road has led many fans to call for Cellino to leave the club altogether but the Italian insists he still wishes to take the Whites forward . ` From day one I felt I was at the right club , because I am more f **** d up than the fans , ' he said . ` I am 58 and my dream is still for us to do something big here . I have asked permission to go to our last game of the season against Rotherham , a day before my ban ends . Yoni Buyens celebrates scoring Charlton 's second goal during his side 's 2-1 victory against Leeds . The withdrawals , including Souleymane Doukara 's , are the latest incident in another turbulent period at Leeds . ` If the fans want to kick me and shout at me , fine . I am used to it . ' Striker Antenucci used Twitter to defend himself , as did goalkeeper Silvestri who posted a picture of a cut on his back suffered against Norwich on Tuesday night . However , Cherry questioned if they were legitimate reasons to withdraw . ` In the old days you used to play with anything , cuts or one thing or another , ' he said . ` The managers had a big say in whether you were fit or not . You did n't just come in and say ` I 've got a headache , I 'm going home ' . I 'm sure with George Graham or Don Revie , I ca n't imagine what would have happened if you 'd have done that . ' Neil Redfearn had a depleted squad to pick from when six Leeds players pulled out at late notice .