There are growing concerns that Google 's Waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations . The tech giant is now under pressure by top cops to turn off the traffic app 's police-tracking function . The Waze app , which operates like a free GPS navigation tool , allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles , accidents , congestion , traffic cameras , potholes and more , so that other drivers using Waze are warned as they approach the same location . There are growing concerns that Google 's Waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations . This image taken from the app on an iPhone , in Washington , shows police at the scene on a map on the app . Waze , which Google acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $ 1.1 billion has 50million users in 200 countries , a number which is growing . Ismaaiyl Brinsley , 28 , killed two NYPD police officers . Before the killing he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police . However , several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement . Ismaaiyl Brinsley , 28 , killed police officer Wenjian Liu and his partner Rafael Ramos in December while they sat in their squad car . Before the killing he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police officers and posted screenshots of the app on Instagram . He wrote of his admiration for Waze , according to screenshots taken by Breitbart , which he was using to track two officers in Staten Island , New York . The post was said to be made in early December . He used the same account to announce his intentions to gun down the two officers in Brooklyn , styling it as a revenge attack for the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown . It has since been deleted . Investigators do not believe he used Waze to ambush the officers , because police say Brinsley tossed his cellphone far from where he shot the officers . A Waze spokesperson said in a statement to MailOnline : ` Waze was not used in the attack on the two New York City police in Brooklyn in December , nor has it ever been used to attack law enforcement officer . ` It is not possible to `` stalk '' or follow a police officer by using Waze . ' ` There are many ways the police feature supports officer safety and the overall goals of law enforcement . Namely , police partners have told Waze they want to be seen , often publishing ` speed trap ' locations ahead of time in the US . Cop tracker : Screenshots emerged of Brinsley posting to Instagram about his use of the Waze app - on which users post updates . ` The US national Move Over law requires drivers to move one lane away from emergency or law enforcement vehicles when stopped ; our alerts work to keep police safer as drivers are notified before they round a turn or pass one unexpectedly while driving highway speeds . ' After typing in their destination address , users just drive with the app open on their phone to passively contribute traffic and other road data , but they can also take a more active role by sharing road reports on accidents , police traps , or any other hazards along the way , helping to give other users in the area a ` heads-up ' about what 's to come . In addition to the local communities of drivers using the app , Waze is also home to an active community of online map editors who ensure that the data in their areas is as up-to-date as possible . But the Los Angeles police chief insists it does endanger lives and wrote a letter to the tech company 's CEO . According to the document police chief Charlie Beck sent to Google CEO Larry Page on December 30 , people are using the ` unwitting ' Waze community as ` their lookouts for the location of police officers . ' ` I am concerned about the safety of law enforcement officers and the community , and the potential for your Waze product to be misused by those with criminal intent to endanger police officers and the community , ' the letter said . Google -LRB- which acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $ 1.1 billion -RRB- claims the app ` is all about contributing to the ` common good ' out there on the road , ' the risks far outweigh the potential benefits , reports CNN . Sheriff Mike Brown of Bedford County , Virginia , said states might pass laws to prevent people from revealing the locations of parked police cruisers . Privacy advocates , however , said First Amendment protections will stand in the way . ` Waze represents person-to person information in the public square , ' said Nuala O'Connor , head of the Center for Democracy and Technology , a Washington civil liberties group , who said she uses the software . ` And that 's long been a U.S. right under the Constitution . ' There are no known connections between any violent attack on police and the Waze software .