Lucas Leiva would like to remind people it is not just Steven Gerrard playing out his own emotional journey in Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley . The Brazilian has been at Anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November . His story might not have the celebrity appeal of Gerrard saying goodbye in an FA Cup final on his 35th birthday , but the desire to win the Cup is just as strong . Lucas has been the longest-serving player at Liverpool behind captain Steven Gerrard -LRB- right -RRB- . Lucas has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . ` I 've played at the Maracana a few times but never at Wembley , ' said Lucas , 28 . ` I have been dreaming about it , to be honest . I 've been at Liverpool so long . Gerrard deserves to win the FA Cup after what he has done for this club . He has won many trophies here but a lot of people here have been working for many years and not won as much as him . We want to win like him . ' When Lucas was signed by Rafa Benitez in 2007 , Liverpool had just been in their second Champions League final in three seasons . But he has had to endure turbulent times since then ; four managers and a change of ownership that dragged Liverpool into virtual civil war . Not surprisingly , the cup finals and trophies dried up . ` I did n't think I was going to stay this long . I felt after the first season I was gone , ' said Lucas with a laugh , having been pilloried by the Kop during his early days . ` There have been big changes in the club during my time here and at some point you pay a price for that . Sunday will mark Steven Gerrard 's 36th , and possibly last , appearance at Wembley . Thirty-two of his games have been there for England -LRB- including one at the old Wembley -RRB- and three for Liverpool . Wembley record for England P32 W24 D4 L4 Goals 8 . Wembley record for Liverpool P3 W1 D1 L1 Goals 0 . Three Wembley highlights . England 2-0 Ukraine - 2000 . Makes his England debut at the old Wembley the day after his 20th birthday and impresses enough to earn a place in Kevin Keegan 's Euro 2000 squad . Plays for 81 minutes before replaced by Kieron Dyer . England 2-0 USA - 2008 . Scores his first goal at the new national stadium when he sidefoots Gareth Barry 's pass past American goalkeeper Brad Guzan . Liverpool 2-1 Everton - 2012 . Having lifted the League Cup earlier in the season , Gerrard returned to Wembley for a sweet FA Cup semi-final victory against their Merseyside rivals , with Andy Carroll heading a late winner . ` There was discussion about ownership , the court and all that . It did n't help . We saw a lot of senior players leaving . This is a chance for our new team to win their first trophy . ' Lucas has gone from an impressionable youngster learning from Gerrard , Pepe Reina and Xabi Alonso to one of the senior voices in the dressing room . He has seen youngsters Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe criticised for being photographed with a shisha pipe and said : ` It is hard to give advice because there are so many people always around players . I just think young players should n't get carried away . I had real role models in the dressing room like Pepe and Stevie . You saw they had success because of the way they do things , not just their talent . ` Ten years ago , players would have more space . Today we go to a restaurant and everyone is filming , recording or taking pictures . You need to have extra care . If you are having a glass of wine , then people say you are drunk . ' Lucas tries to win a tackle during Liverpool 's 2-0 victory at home to Newcastle on Monday night . Lucas celebrates Joe Allen 's -LRB- right -RRB- second goal for Liverpool against Newcastle . Lucas is desperate to win the FA Cup and end his 270-game barren spell at Anfield . The last player to have played more times for Liverpool without winning a major trophy was Alan O'Court who played for the club 345 times between 1952 and 1964 , collecting just a Second Division championship medal . Liverpool felt so sorry for Lucas , who was injured for the 2012 League Cup final win , they asked the Football League to send him a medal in the post . Liverpool 's improvements under Rodgers have not so far translated into silverware . They finished second to Manchester City in a thrilling Premier League title race last season and were beaten by eventual winners Chelsea in this year 's Capital One Cup semi-finals . Brendan Rodgers knows , with a far stronger squad than he inherited in 2012 , they now have to take the cup competitions seriously . ` For me , the objective in the first couple of years was getting into the Champions League , ' he said . ` If you look at how we did in the cups we were n't so good . I felt we did n't have the squad to challenge . This year we 'd arrived into the Champions League and could focus on winning a trophy . We have got to one semi-final already in the Capital One Cup and now we 've got another chance . Our vision is to win trophies . ' Gerrard has returned to the squad after a three-match ban from being sent off against Manchester United . Gerrard -LRB- right -RRB- made his Wembley debut for England in 2000 in a friendly against Ukraine . The return of Gerrard into the squad after a three-match ban for stamping on Manchester United 's Ander Herrera is vital to calm any nerves . In contrast to Lucas and others in the Liverpool team , he has played at Wembley 35 times in his career -- and been on the winning side in 25 of them . Rodgers smiles that he will be ` heartless ' in deciding whether to name his captain in the starting XI but is adamant Gerrard will make a big contribution . ` I 've had a meal with him , talking over things , ' said the manager . ` I am disappointed I did n't have the chance to work with him for longer . At 24 , I would have built a team around him like I did with Luis Suarez . ` Wembley is like his second home . He knows what it takes to win there . He 's calm anyway before the games and that is important for us as a team . Everyone respects that I want to do what is best for the team . Status and star quality have never bothered me , really . '