Friends of murdered Indiana University student Hannah Wilson have said she was last seen at the same bar where Lauren Spierer partied before she vanished in 2011 . Wilson 's body was found in rural Brown County , about 10 miles from the campus , on Friday morning after a night out . Daniel Messel , 49 , was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death . Circumstances of her disappearance are ` eerily similar ' to the case of 20-year-old Spierer , police told Fox59 , and they will be looking into the case again . Spierer vanished after a night out at Kilroy 's Sports Bar in Bloomington with a group of friends nearly four years ago . Her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed . ` Eerily similar ' : Student Hannah Wilson , left , was found murdered hours after leaving a bar in Bloomington , Indiana last week - nearly four years after Lauren Spierer , right , vanished after leaving the same bar . On Monday , Wilson 's friends said she had been partying in downtown Bloomington and they were also going to go to Kilroy 's Sports Bar , but deemed that she was too drunk to join them there . The group put Wilson into a taxi alone around 1 am on Friday and gave the driver her address . Her body was found near Lake Lemon at around 8.30 am . She died from blunt force trauma to the head , according to the county coroner , and preliminary results of an autopsy show she was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an object . Her only other injuries were superficial abrasions and bruises that the coroner said were protective , rather than defensive , wounds . ` Like trying to prevent her head from being hit , ' he told The Herald-Times . Wilson was found fully clothed and there was no sign of sexual assault , police told Sky News . Toxicology reports for the woman will not be available for ten to 14 days . Police said they traced a cellphone found near Wilson 's feet to Daniel Messel and after they arrested him , investigators found blood in his vehicle , according to a probable cause affidavit . Arrested : Daniel Messel , 49 , has been arrested on suspicion of her murder . A cellphone that police traced back to Messel was found at Wilson 's feet and investigators allegedly found blood inside his vehicle . Last seen : Her friends went to this bar in Bloomington but , thinking that Wilson was too drunk , put her in a taxi to go home . Spierer also spent time at the same bar before she vanished in 2011 . Messel 's stepfather , Gerald Messel , told Fox59 that the man spoke of meeting a girl called ` Hannah ' at bars near the university campus ahead of her death . Gerald Messel , who lives with his stepson , said he was surprised when the man failed to come home on Thursday evening and he failed to go to work the next day . When Daniel Messel arrived back home , he was arrested by police , he said . Troopers have confiscated his computer , phone and vehicle . This is also not Messel 's first run in with the police , according the the Indiana Daily Student . He was charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated and endangering persons in 1995 . A year later , he was sentenced to eight years in prison for battery by means of a deadly weapon and battery resulting in serious bodily injury . The president of the Panhellenic Association at Indiana University has organized a fund will go towards providing one full year of room and board for Wilson 's sister -LRB- above Wilson pictured with her father -RRB- . Wilson , originally from Fishers , Indiana , was a senior studying psychology at the university . Friends held multiple vigils for the beloved student over the weekend . In one of the vigils , around 1,500 students comforted each other as they assembled on Saturday evening at the campus ' Alumni Hall . Balloons were released from the building 's solarium by her Gamma Phi Beta sorority sisters . Wilson 's mother and sister were present at the memorial and were shielded by family and friends who shared fond memories of her , according to the Indy Star . Indiana University spokesman Mark Land said ` the entire IU Bloomington community mourns the tragic death of Hannah Wilson . ' ` Our deepest sympathies go out to Hannah 's family and friends during this unspeakably sad time , ' he said in a statement . ` She was the kind of girl who made everybody feel special , ' Maggie Hadley , one of Wilson 's former Indiana Elite teammates told The Indianapolis Star . H . Heartbroken : Thousands of students assembled on Saturday evening at Indiana University 's Alumni Hall for an emotional vigil to remember the beloved 22-year-old student . Sadness : Students comfort each other at the Saturday evening vigil , a day after Hannah 's body was found . The president of the Panhellenic Association at Indiana University , Margaret Hensley , has also organized a You Caring fund following the news of Wilson 's death . The fund will go towards providing one full year of room and board for Wilson 's sister . So far , the fund has collected $ 5,025 in donations . Hensley wrote : ` We have suffered a tragic loss within our community this past weekend , with the horrifying death of Hannah Wilson . Hannah was a beloved Gamma Phi Beta , psychology major , and bright personality . ` Her younger sister , Haley , is planning on attending Indiana University next year . We as a community want to welcome her with open arms , and feel that creating this college fund for her would be the best method . ' 24,000 dollars would pay for one full year of room and board for Haley . We hope this could aid the Wilson family in this difficult transition and allow Haley to feel welcome into our Bloomington community . '