A drunk father-of-two faces hours of agonising laser surgery after mis-spelling his own son 's name while giving himself a DIY tattoo . Tom Moffatt , 27 , from Ashton-under-Lyne in Tameside , Greater Manchester , was meant to ink ` Riley ' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm . But instead of the letter ` L' , Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P - and had to urgently ` scribble ' over the mistake . What was he thi-ink-ing ? Tom Moffatt , 27 , from Ashton-under-Lyne in Tameside , Greater Manchester , inked his son Riley 's name into his arm - but accidentally spelled it incorrectly . Error : Instead of ` L' , Mr Moffatt started needling ` P ' and had to quickly scribble over it -LRB- left -RRB- . He also attempted to mark himself with Riley 's nickname ` Sonny Boy ' - but ended up scratching ` Sony Boy ' instead -LRB- right -RRB- . He also attempted to mark himself with Riley 's nickname ` Sonny Boy ' - but ended up scratching ` Sony Boy ' across his knuckles instead . The makeshift tattoo session took place in Mr Moffatt 's living room with a £ 70 ink gun bought online . The NHS worker was drunk at the time and said he now considers the inkwork a ` nightmare ' . He said : ` I 'd never picked up a tattoo gun in my life and I got told by my brother not to do , but I just did n't listen . ` Now , my family are always saying `` you 're an idiot , Tom '' and there are plenty of jokes at my expense from my mates . I ca n't repeat what they say about it . ` I have to hide my arm when I go for interviews . Even Riley has started to notice and points at those tattoos and says `` daddy , I do n't like those ones '' . It 's a nightmare . ' Among his homegrown tattoos , Mr Moffatt also has a wonky cross on his forearm , which he drew just a few months after Riley 's birth in 2012 . He has just endured his second hour-long laser removal session in a bid to get rid of the botched needlework . Botched : The makeshift tattoo session took place in Mr Moffatt 's living room with a £ 70 ink gun bought online . The NHS worker was drunk at the time and said he now thought of the inkwork as a ` nightmare ' Nightmare : The NHS worker has just endured his second hour-long laser removal session in a bid to get rid of the botched needlework . But because the ink has gone so deep , Mr Moffatt is unsure how many more sessions he needs to have . Painful : But because the ink has gone so deep , Mr Moffatt is unsure how many more sessions he needs to have . He said : ` I 've got a long journey ahead of me to get them all off and I pressed it so deep in one that it 's going to be very difficult to get it off . ' Mr Moffatt , who also has a two-year-old daughter Kya with partner Rachael Higgins , 23 , now wants to use his experience to highlight why people should not attempt to draw their own tattoos . He said : ` Once I 've got them off , my job is n't done . We want to try and get a campaign going so people like me ca n't just go out and buy a gun with no questions asked . ` You should n't be able to go on the internet as a 15-year-old Joe Bloggs and buy one . I want to get the message out there that tattoos should only be done by professionals . ' The owner of the Maria Patricia Tattoo Removals , where he is being treated , says Mr Moffatt 's situation is a stark warning against the dangers of unregulated ink work . Maria said : ` There needs to be more regulation . People do n't realise the dangers of the buying off tattoo guns and ink off the internet . ` Tom did just that and had to Google the instructions of how to use it . It might seem like a laugh with mates when you 're drunk but it 's not easy to fix the damage and people can be left with scarring if they 're not careful . ` We 're all for tattoos but people need to be aware they can wreck lives and make it difficult to get jobs . ' Mr Moffatt , a machine operator working on NHS hospital equipment , will appear in Tattoo Disasters UK , which airs each Tuesday , new and exclusive to Spike .