` Plus-size ' model Laura Wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for Fashion Week . The size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard ` skinnier ' models during her stint working in New York , and says that their agents instructed them to stick to a diet of ` one cracker and a couple of glasses of water ' . ` It goes to the extremes , ' Wells told the Australian Women 's Weekly . ` No food being eaten , prescription dietary pills , agents telling girls that they 're only allowed to have one cracker and a couple glasses of water leading up to fashion week per day . ' Scroll down for video . Shocking : Laura Wells -LRB- left -RRB- spoke to Australian Women 's Weekly about the pressure put on her ` skinnier ' model room mates to not eat ahead of Fashion Week . ` It 's completely unhealthy , not only for their body but mentally as well . ' Laura told AWW editor Helen McCabe that her model friends would then compare themselves to her , who was working non-stop despite eating what she likes . ` These girls are going to extremes to look like that , and then not being booked for any jobs , ' she said . ` And then living with a plus size model who 's working every single day and comparing themselves to me . ` I eat healthy , I work out , but I 'll let myself have a treat every now and then and have a glass of wine . Healthy and happy : Wells says her room mates , who struggled to book jobs , compared themselves to her as she was highly in-demand despite allowing herself treats . ` They could n't fathom the fact that they were putting themselves through so much stress and I was so happy with myself . ' Wells ' comments comes days after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week . Agents and fashion houses that hire them could also face fines under the new law , which was passed on April 3 . The move by France , with its fashion and luxury industries worth tens of billions of euros , comes after a similar ban by Israel in 2013 , while other countries , like Italy and Spain , rely on voluntary codes of conduct to protect models . Diet : Laura -LRB- pictured with Sarah Wilson , right -RRB- revealed that there was ` no food being eaten , and prescription dietary pills ' being consumed by her model friends in New York . The measure is part of a campaign against anorexia by President Francois Hollande 's government . Lawmakers also made it illegal to condone anorexia and said any re-touched photo that alters the bodily appearance of a model for commercial purposes must carry a message stating it had been manipulated . ` The activity of model is banned for any person whose Body Mass Index -LRB- BMI -RRB- is lower than levels proposed by health authorities and decreed by the ministers of health and labour , ' the legislation says . The lawmaker behind the bill previously said models would have to present a medical certificate showing a BMI of at least 18 , about 55 kg -LRB- 121 lb -RRB- for a height of 1.75 metres -LRB- 5.7 feet -RRB- , before being hired for a job and for a few weeks afterwards . Dangerous : Wells ' comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from the catwalk , with agents and fashion houses to face fines and imprisonment if they do n't comply . The law , voted through the lower house of parliament by Hollande 's Socialist majority despite opposition by conservative parliamentarians , envisages imprisonment of up to six months and a fine of 75,000 euros -LRB- $ 82,000 -RRB- for any agency contravening it . In the AWW video interview , Laura Wells recalls wanting to ` punch ' a model scout when they suggested she could get work as a plus-size model . The 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted in New York City by talent scouts in 2005 . She said she felt insulted the first time she was asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term . ` I thought they were calling me fat ' : Laura also revealed that she was initially insulted by the suggestion she should be a plus-size model , and admits she wanted to punch the model scout . ` I wanted to punch everyone in the face ... -LSB- I thought -RSB- basically they were calling me fat , ' Wells said . ` That was my perception of the word ` plus size ' , that people were calling me ` fat ' . ' Wells said while she was a plus-sized model who was defined as someone who was ` four to six sizes bigger than a standard model ' , she was not ` plus-sized in reality ' . Since then Wells has gone to model for Macy 's , Bloomingdale 's , Myer , David Jones , Berlei and ASOS . Despite her career breakthroughs , she thinks people 's perception of body image still has a long way to go . ` It 's slowly changing but not to the extent where it needs to be , ' Wells said . ` It needs to be at the point where it 's celebrated anymore ... Why is n't it just seen as normal ? ' To watch the full interview , visit Australian Women 's Weekly .