A married Mormon elementary school teacher had a sexual relationship with one of his 12-year-old students - and was only stopped when her classmates told other teachers , police have revealed . Kenne Worthen , 27 , allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August and the relationship turned sexual in January , Fox10 reported . The father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an iPod app , Google Hangouts , where she labeled his profile with a fake name , ` Jesse Smith ' . Some of the conversations were sexual in nature , according to police , while in another , the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police . Scroll down for video . Arrested : Kenne Worthen , pictured left in his mug shot and right in his teacher 's headshot , was arrested on Friday after it emerged that he allegedly had a sexual relationship with one of his 12-year-old students . Earlier this year , he allegedly asked her mother if the girl could stay behind after class . On April 10 , they had sexual contact at the school , the girl told police . ` He contacted my daughter 's mother and said , `` Can she stay after school and help with something ? '' and mom said , `` Of course , why not ? '' ' the girl 's enraged father told Fox10 . ` There should 've been no reason why my child was in a classroom alone with a teacher . ' The father , who has not been identified , called the alleged relationship ` sickening ' but applauded his daughter 's fellow students , who told another staff member last Friday that they thought Worthen and the student were having inappropriate contact . ` I honestly could n't thank them enough for what they 've done for my daughter in this case , because who knows how much longer this would have gone on had they not said anything , ' he said . After the students told staff , they called the police , according to a statement from the school district . When asked about the relationship , the girl initially denied it but later admitted to it , according to KPHO . Family : 27-year-old Worthen is pictured with his wife Danielle and their two-year-old daughter . ` Fears ' : In messages to the girl , he allegedly expressed fears she would tell his wife about the relationship . ` Sick ' : He allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside of school by messaging her on an iPod app . Worthen , who has no criminal record , also allegedly admitted to having sexual contact with the girl after contacting her over the internet . He was arrested at the school on Friday afternoon and is facing charges of luring a minor for sexual exploitation , child molestation and sexual conduct with a minor . He has been denied bond . On Monday , Osborn School District Superintendent Patricia Tate sent a letter to parents about the incident . ` He has been put on administrative leave and will not be returning to Longview , ' the letter read . ` If anyone has information or questions specific to this case , please contact the Phoenix Police Department at 602-262-6151 . The safety of your children is and always will be our first priority . ' Police said they do not believe there are other victims . Speaking to Fox10 , the girl 's father said he was overwhelmed with anger towards Worthen . ` You have this anger , the anger towards the perpetrator , and a feeling that you physically want to harm that person , ' he said . ` Then there 's an anger at least for me towards the school , because you send your child there thinking they 're going to be safe . ' In court : Following his arrest on Friday , the teacher appeared in court -LRB- pictured -RRB- but was denied bond . Scene : Worthen , who has worked at the school -LRB- pictured -RRB- for two years , allegedly had sexual contact with her there on April 10 after getting her mother 's permission to let the girl stay late after school . Worthen has taught sixth grade at the school for nearly two years . He is also an International Pathway Adjunct Professor at Brigham Young University-Idaho , where he teaches life skills and English to international students , according to his Linkedin page . ` Mr. Worthen was employed by the university as an online adjunct instructor , ' a university spokesperson told DailyMail.com . ` However , his employment was terminated as soon as the university was made aware of his arrest . ' He has also previously held after-school teacher roles in Idaho and volunteered as a Boy Scuots supervisor , according to his Linkedin page . The profile also suggests he is a follower of the Church of Latter-Day Saints . His wife , Danielle , also lists herself as a Mormon online . They have a two-year-old daughter together . Hangouts is a Google app that allows users to share conversations , photos and video chats . See below for video .