Rangers boss Stuart McCall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games to reclaim their Premiership return . The Gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the Championship , with a one-point advantage over Hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from Queen of the South . Finishing immediately behind newly-crowned champions Hearts would spare the Ibrox men the bother of two extra hazardous games in the play-offs , with the teams finishing third and fourth facing off over two legs before taking on the second tier 's runners-up . The winner of that tie then meets the Premiership 's second-bottom side in a crucial winner-takes-all battle . Stuart McCall is relaxed about the prospect of Rangers finishing third in the Scottish Championship . But having stumbled to a 3-0 defeat against Queens and a 1-1 draw with basement side Livingston either side of Sunday 's four-goal romp over Raith , there is no guarantee the Light Blues will see off Saturday 's trip to Dumbarton without another slip-up . McCall , though , is ready to take whatever outcome is thrown his way . He said : ` At this moment second place is in our own hands . If you 'd given me that a few weeks ago when I first came in , I 'd have snapped your hands off for it . ` There were one or two people who thought we would n't even reach the play-offs . McCall faces the media on Friday ahead of Saturday 's trip to Dumbarton as Rangers look to hold on to second . ` We 've done that first part . Obviously we want to get second but Hibs and Queens want the same . ` You do n't want to have to play the extra games but if you have to , you will . If you have to get through to the top league by playing six games then so be it . ` Of course it 's important to us to finish second . But if we finish third or fourth that does not mean we wo n't get promotion . It 's not the end of the world . ' McCall was also happy to see a peaceful resolution reached after the row raised by the Scottish Professional Football League 's messy meddling with the Championship fixture list . Rangers ' final-day tie with Hearts at Tynecastle was pushed back 24 hours to Sunday , May 3 , to accommodate Sky Sports . McCall joins in training on Friday as the Rangers boss prepares his side for Saturday 's clash . But that left Hibs raging as having played their last game at Falkirk on the Saturday , they claimed McCall 's team would be advantaged by the fact they would know the result required in Gorgie to claim second . Compromise was reached when Sky gave the league permission to switch the Hearts-Rangers tie back to its original May 2 slot . ` Everyone playing at the same time is fine and the right thing to do , ' said McCall . But there could yet be more tinkering with the schedule to come . Hibs and Falkirk - who have yet to be counted out of the play-off chase - will battle for a place in the William Hill Scottish Cup final on Saturday , leaving the possibility that the second leg of the play-off final may have to be pushed back into June . Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion . The SPFL is expected to announce early next week if a change of date is required but Rangers are bracing themselves for an administrative nightmare , with 12 first-team members due to become free agents on June 1 . McCall confirmed the club 's five loanees from Newcastle are registered until June 9 , and will be free to play whatever happens . But he admitted the club may have to hand short-term deals to their players to see them through to the re-arranged date . ` We wo n't think about it until it becomes a problem , ' he said . ` But it will certainly need to be something that is looked at if that does become the case , as we have almost a dozen players whose contract will be up at the end of May . '