Barry Hawkins kept his nerve to clinch a final frame decider over Matthew Selt in the first round of the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield . The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on Monday with a 7-2 overnight lead which he extended to 9-4 to move within one frame of victory . But Selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row - including back-to-back centuries - before a cool clearance from Hawkins saw him into the second round with a 10-9 win . Barry Hawkins celebrates after qualifying for the second round of the World Snooker Championship . Hawkins kept his composure to win 10-9 after Matthew Selt 's impressive comeback at the Crucible . Selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback , however he was unable to progress to the second round . Hawkins said : ` I ca n't keep putting myself through that . There 's nothing worse than when someone is coming back at you like that and you can see your lead disappearing . ` You 're telling yourself it 's only one frame but you can see him growing in confidence and potting long balls so it is a horrible place to be . ' Hawkins , who will play either Mark Allen or Ryan Day in the second round , is no stranger to Crucible drama having fended off a famous comeback from Dominic Dale in last year 's quarter-finals . And the 35-year-old from Kent believes his close call against Selt will help give him the impetus he needs after a largely frustrating season by his own standards . Hawkins added : ` It 's not been the best season but it 's partly my own fault because I had a bad attitude in the middle of the season and I was n't enjoying it . ` I 've played a lot of snooker over the last couple of years and I think I just got fed up with it and my attitude stunk , I suppose . ` But there 's nothing like getting kicked up the backside a few times and getting beaten to get the motivation back . ' Former champion Neil Robertson wasted no time wrapping up victory over Jamie Jones to move into the last 16 . Resuming like Hawkins with a 7-2 overnight advantage , Robertson did things the easy way with an opening break of 133 setting him up to reel off the three frames required for a 10-2 win . World number 10 Stuart Bingham trails Robbie Williams of the Wirral 5-4 after the opening session of their first-round match .