They took to Reddit in their millions in the hope of pinpointing the suspect or suspects behind the Boston Marathon bombings , which killed two women and a young boy , and injured a further 264 . But in the days after the 2013 attack , the users of the subreddit , Find Boston Bombers , hurled false accusations at countless spectators who had been wearing backpacks at the high-profile event . Their claims - based on the analysis of photos and videos of the marathon - even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi , a Brown University student who was missing , being wrongly identified as the bomber . Now , the moderator of the subreddit , Chris Ryves , has told of his regrets about the thread - which he says nearly became ` its own beast ' in the wake of the April 15 bombings - in a new documentary . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Regret : The moderator of the Reddit thread , Find Boston Bombers , Chris Ryves -LRB- pictured -RRB- , has told of his regrets about the subreddit - which he set up after the Boston Marathon Bombings - in a new documentary . Theories : Millions of users took to Ryves 's thread on the day of the bombings , and following days , highlighting spectators whom they believed looked suspicious based on their demographics and whether they had been wearing a backpack at the event . Above , a still from a trailer for the documentary , released on Monday . Detailed analysis : ` They were just analyzing the same pictures , like it was a Where 's Waldo ? game , ' one journalist says in the trailer . Another adds : ` They would draw a circle around the guy or around the backpack ' Wrong man : The Redditors ' accusations even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi -LRB- left -RRB- , a Brown University student who was missing , being wrongly identified as the bomber . Right , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was actually responsible . In the documentary , The Thread , which will be released on iTunes on Monday , Ryves explains how Redditors took it upon themselves to theorize about the suspect/suspects ' identities on his thread . These theories , which may have appeared harmless at first , then spread into the public domain , sparking the widespread rumor that Tripathi was behind the homemade pressure-cooker bombs . ` People like to make theories , ' Ryves says in a trailer for the documentary , explaining how he had initially set several ground rules - such as ` No Racism ' - for the thread in a bid to ensure fairness . However , as a staggering three million users took to the subreddit to join in the hunt for the killer or killers , he Ryves soon lost control of it . ` It became almost its own beast ' , he admits in the film . The documentary , which was directed by Greg Barker and executive produced by Jonathan Chinn and Simon Chinn , looks at impact that amateur social media writers are having on journalism . In particular , it focus on the Internet frenzy in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings , which Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was this week found guilty of carrying out by a Boston , Massachusetts , jury . Explosion : In the documentary , The Thread , which will be released on iTunes on Monday , Ryves explains how Redditors took it upon themselves to theorize about the bomber/bombers ' identities on his subreddit . Identification : ` People like to make theories , ' Ryves says in a trailer for the documentary , explaining how he had initially set several ground rules - such as ` no racism ' - for the thread . Above , a still from the trailer . Lost control : However , as a staggering three million users took to the subreddit to join in the hunt for the killer or killers , he Ryves soon lost control of the subreddit . ` It became almost its own beast ' , he says in the film . Comparison : One person in the film -LRB- pictured -RRB- describes users ' analysis as akin to a ` Where 's Waldo ? game ' In the hours after the deadly attack , Reddit users posted images and videos of crowds of spectators at the marathon on Find Boston Bombers , which had been set up by Ryves , known as ` oops777 ' . ` You look up ` unlikely journalist ' in the dictionary and there 's this guy , ' Jonathan Chinn told Boston.com . ` This guy who had no journalistic background ... was at the hub of all of it . ' But despite his lack of journalism , Ryves certainly had an impact . Millions of users took to his thread , highlighting spectators whom they believed looked suspicious based on their race , facial expressions and gaze - and accusing them of being the bomber . ` They were just analyzing the same pictures , like it was a Where 's Waldo ? game , ' one journalist says in the trailer . Another adds : ` They would draw a circle around the guy or around the backpack . ' Guilty : A sketch shows Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -LRB- second left -RRB- and his defense team are seen as the guilty verdicts on all charges against him were read on Wednesday . The jury will now decide if he gets the death penalty . Impact : In the hours after the attack , Reddit users posted images and videos of crowds of spectators at the marathon on Find Boston Bombers , which had been set up by Ryves . Above , another still from the film trailer . Tragic : After Tripathi -LRB- pictured , left , with two relatives -RRB- was wrongly identified by Reddit commentators -LRB- the student was , in fact , found dead in a Rhode Island river on April 23 -RRB- , an apology was issued to his family . And one says : ` Instead of going to police with their tips , people were going on Reddit . ' The theories only stopped when Tsarnaev and his brother , Tamerlan , were tracked down by police on April 19 . After Tripathi was wrongly identified by Reddit commentators -LRB- the student was , in fact , found dead in a Rhode Island river on April 23 after committing suicide -RRB- , an apology was issued to his family . The apology , written by the then-unidentified moderator of Find Boston Bombers , told Tripathi 's relatives that the thread was ` truly sorry ' for pinpointing the victim , who went missing on March 16 . It read : ` I 'd like to extend the deepest apologies to the family of Sunil Tripathi for any part we may have had in relaying what has turned out to be faulty information . We can not begin to know what you 're going through and for that we are truly sorry . ` Several users , twitter users , and other sources had heard him identified as the suspect and believed it to be confirmed . We were mistaken . ' Plot : The Reddit users ' theories only stopped when Tsarnaev -LRB- right -RRB- and his brother , Tamerlan -LRB- left -RRB- , were tracked down by police on April 19 . Lawyers for Tsarnaev blamed the attacks on his older brother in court . Heroic : Jeff Bauman can be seen running at the side of Jeff Bauman , who lost both legs in the 2013 explosion . Chilling : Martin Richard , who was killed in the bombings , is seen -LRB- front circle -RRB- just meters away from Tsarnaev -LRB- back circle -RRB- on April 15 . Seconds later , one of two bombs exploded , piercing his body with shrapnel . Erik Martin , the general manager of Reddit , also sent out an email ` to apologize personally for ... some of the people on our site 's role in the spreading of this false idea about Sunny . ' Speaking to Boston.com , Jonathan Chinn explained that although citizen journalism is important to ` the way news is gathered and broadcast ' , there are issues with it because it moves ` so quickly ' . The Thread features interviews with journalists from established media outlets , as well as several Reddit users who were involved in the hunt for justice following the deadly twin bombings in 2013 . It will also be available to view and download on other major digital platforms on Monday . Victims : Krystle Campbell -LRB- left -RRB- and Martin Richard -LRB- right -RRB- were killed in the blast at the marathon finish line . Killed : Lingzi Lu , 23 , also died at the marathon , while MIT Police Officer Sean Collier , right , was later shot dead .