A pensioner who nearly choked to death on a pickled onion says his Labrador saved his life -- after jumping on his back to dislodge it from his throat . Alan Spencer , 67 , was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe . He frantically tried to clear his throat , and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer-by . But he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life ` slipping away ' as he began to black out -- in front of his Labradors Lexi and Nancy . Scroll down for video . Man 's best friend : Alan Spencer from Withernsea with his dog Lexi who saved his life by jumping on his back when he passed out after choking on a pickled onion . Thankfully 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped on to the centre of Alan 's back , dislodging the onion and saving her owner 's life . He said : ` People will say they are only animals and do n't know what they are doing , but Lexi is so clever . ` She saved my life most definitely . If it was n't for her I honestly do n't think I would be here . If it was n't for her actions I would be dead -- lying in that passageway dead . ' The pensioner had been tucking into his dinner when he began choking and had begun to feel his ` life slipping away ' Alan , who lives on his own in Withernsea , East Yorkshire , was tucking into an early dinner of crispbreads with gherkins and pickled onions when he started to choke last Thursday evening . Lexi , a rare red-coloured Labrador , and ten-month-old Nancy began to get agitated as he leapt up and tried to clear his airway . Retired club singer Mr Spencer staggered into the hallway in an effort to get to his front door for help , but his legs gave way and he fell face-first towards the floor . But 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped with all fours onto the centre of Alan 's back - dislodging the onion and saving her owner 's life . He recalled : ` All of a sudden out of the blue I felt this almighty crash on my back . Lexi had just jumped straight up in the air and landed right in the middle of my back . All of a sudden the piece of skin shot out of my mouth and I could breathe again . ' He added : ` My back hurt for two or three days afterwards -- as did my throat -- but I 'm fine now . I 've been spoiling them both since with treats , but every time I cough now Lexi turns her head quickly . '