The brother of Australia 's most notorious serial killer has confessed to knowing of his evil sibling 's first victim - and to hiding the truth for 50 years as the ` wrong man ' was convicted and behind bars . Boris Milat detailed how his brother , Ivan , shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962 , more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree , according to Channel 7 's Sunday Night . Neville Knight was shot on March 6 , 1962 , by a 17-year-old Milat who was riding in the back of his taxi . Scroll down for video . A new report claims Ivan Milat , Australia 's most notorious serial killer , could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers . Mr Milat confessed the shooting was his murderous brother 's first violent crime , despite police never once considering him a suspect . ` Ivan shot him - he told me the next day , ' Mr Milat told the program . ` His intentions were to rob the driver of his takings . The gun had a hair-trigger ... the gun went off . ` The bloke straight away knew he had lost everything in his bottom end . ` You know , his legs ... feelings . He knew it went through his back . He knew he was ... Ivan had paralysed him . ` He -LRB- Ivan -RRB- got out of the cab and ran . ' Alan Dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars . Dillon even confessed to the crime , in an attempt to protect his own brother . Boris Milat told the program a secret about his brother he had kept for more than 52 years . Milat was later sentenced to life in prison , but if the ` wrong man ' -LRB- right -RRB- had not been jailed for his first crime , Milat 's victims could have been saved , the program claims . ` Do n't hold yourself responsible , ' the man imprisoned for Milat 's first violent crime , Alan Dillon -LRB- right -RRB- , told the killer 's brother , Boris -LRB- left -RRB- . ` They were asking me questions and getting me to sign things , ' Dillon told the program when explaining why he confessed to a crime he did n't commit . He said he believed police were going to charge his younger brother for the crime , and confessed to protect him . In the years since , he had always believed the reason for his confession was true , until the program contacted him with its theory . According to claims made by the program , Milat was 17 years old when he shot his first victim , Neville Knight . The daughter of Milat 's first victim , Deborah Hutton , was told her father was shot by the serial killer . The report claims Milat 's seven victims could have been saved if he had been been held accountable for this first chilling crime . Mr Milat said he also lied to protect a brother , but was confessing to bring closure to Dillon . ` Ivan said they were blaming someone else , ' he told Sunday Night . ` I did n't think it was good but I did n't want to see him go to jail either , you know , I did n't want to see him harmed . ` But I want to bring closure to the other man , that 's why I 'm talking . ` Ivan shot this bloke in the back . ' Forensic psychiatrist Dr Julian Parmegiani told Sunday Night it was possible Milat set out to paralyse Mr Knight . The horrific intent was shown in his later crimes , where he paralysed many of his victims before they were murdered . Superintendent Clive Small led the investigation into the backpacker murders and now also believes Milat is responsible for the shooting of Knight more than 50 years ago . ` A number of the victims , most of the victims , had multiple stab wounds to the back , around the spinal area , which suggested he was trying to paralyse them while keeping them alive , ' Small said . British backpacker Caroline Clarke had been shot 10 times in the head when police found her body . The program also puts Mr Milat face-to-face with the ` wrong man ' , who was jailed for the first crime his brother committed . ` Do n't hold yourself responsible , ' Dillon told Mr Milat , as the pair shook hands . Mr Milat told Dillon : ` you 've been on me mind a lot ' . Mr Knight 's daughter , Deborah Hutton , was also unaware her ` courageous ' father was Milat 's first victim . First victims : Australians James Gibson and Deborah Everist , both aged 19 , were Ivan Milat 's first known victims after they disappeared in December 1989 and their bodies were found in the Belanglo State forest almost four years later . Simone Schmidl 's body was found in November 1993 . She had been stabbed to death . Ms Hutton said it was confronting to be told Milat may have shot her father . ` If Dad was the first attempted ` thrill kill ' ... how horrified can anyone be ? ' she said . Mr Knight went on to become an advocate for the rights of people with disabilities before he died in 1998 . Mr Milat said he hopes his confession can help ease the pain of people impacted by his brother 's crimes , and he thought about the first incident ` all the time ' . Boyfriend and girlfriend German backpackers Gabor Neugebauer and Anja Habschied were found dead on 3 November 1993 in shallow graves 50 metres apart . British backpacker Joanne Walters , is another one of the victims of backpacker murderer Ivan Milat . ` I thought about it ... ` how the hell do I fix that ' ? ' he told the program . ` It was a monkey on my back - I had to get rid of it . ` It 's not about the victims ... it 's about the families . The main object of the thing is bringing closure to the other man . ' According to the timeline presented by the program and Mr Milat , his murderous brother would have been a 17-year-old when he claimed his first victim . Sinister souvenir : In this photograph police seized from the house of Ivan Milat 's brother William , the serial killer is seen carrying the sleeping bag which belonged to Deborah Everist who with boyfriend Jame Gibson was the first of Milat 's victims killed in the Belanglo State Forest . Milat , 70 , was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW . He has been locked up in Goulburn 's Supermax jail for almost 20 years . The first two bodies of Milat 's victims were discovered on September 19 and 20 1992 , when two runners found a decaying corpse in the Belanglo State Forest . Police later confirmed the bodies were of missing British backpackers Caroline Clarke and Joanne Walters . Walters had been stabbed 35 times and Clarke had been shot 10 times in the head . Australia 's worst serial killer Ivan Milat kept trophies to remind him of each murder . Milat butchered and buried the bodies of seven young people between 1989 and 1992 in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW . The grim finds were just the beginning of a long and extensive search which resulted in the bodies of Australians Deborah Everist and James Gibson being found in October 1993 , followed by Simone Schmidl 's stabbed body in November of the same year . The decapitated body of German backpacker Anja Habschied was then found along with her boyfriend Gabor Neugebauer on 3 November 1993 in shallow graves 50 metres apart . Milat was convicted of the seven backpacker murders on July 27 , 1996 and for the attempted murder , false imprisonment and robbery of Paul Onions . He kept the shirts , sleeping bags , a water bottle , portable stove and backpacks of his victims hidden in roof and wall cavities , in what was described as an ` Aladdin 's Cave ' , in the house he was arrested in 20 years ago .