John Hughes has revealed how he came within a heartbeat of stepping down from his job at Inverness as the Josh Meekings controversy went into overdrive this week . The Caley Thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender - before he was dramatically cleared - that he was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves , just weeks before an historic Scottish Cup Final date . Keen cyclist Hughes set off on a lonely bike ride after hearing Meekings had been cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against Celtic , and admits his head was in a spin over an affair that has dominated the back-page headlines since last Sunday . Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed . Only messages of support awaiting him on his return from footballing friends brought him back from the brink of quitting . Hughes , who lives in the Black Isle just north of Inverness , said : ` I came in here this morning after a day off . I turned my phone off and was away myself , away out on the bike with plenty of thinking time : a great freedom of mind . ` I was that sick of what has been going on in Scottish football I was seriously contemplating my own future . I 'm serious when I say that . ` I had just had it up to here and was ready to just give it up . If it was n't for what happened when I turned my phone back on , with the phone calls and texts I received from people I really value in football , that my spirits picked up again . ` The calls and texts came in from all over the place , from some of the highest levels across the game . I 've had phone calls that have really got me back on my feet . ` I would n't like to name them all , but there were a lot of good people and a good few close friends in the football fraternity . Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time . ` They were saying : `` You need to lead from the front , you need to fight it . '' That restored and galvanised that focus and drive in me . And , if that was how I was feeling , how was the boy Josh Meekings feeling ? It should never have come to this . ' Meekings was cleared to play in the final by the Judicial Panel yesterday , but Hughes insists this ` unprecedented ' SFA wrangle must be the catalyst for change in Scottish football 's governance . Although those who sit on the panel are drawn from many walks of life , ranging from former players and coaches to ex-refs and members of the legal profession , Hughes said he wants ` real football people ' drafted in instead of the ` suits ' he claims lack understanding of the nuances and spirit of the professional game . And he seemed to point a thinly-veiled finger of accusation at SFA chief executive Stewart Regan by alleging that compliance officer Tony McGlennan was a mere ` patsy ' in the process . Overwhelmed by a huge upswell of support for Meekings , he said : ` No disrespect to those sitting on -LSB- the judicial panel -RSB- , but you need football guys and that 's where it 's flawed . That 's why I promised myself I 'd never go back down there until that gets sorted out . ` The last time I appeared was when I was down at Livingston . It was quite galling . You have to be qualified in what you 're judging on . There 's no one better qualified than ex-players and ex-coaches . For some reason the SFA do n't want to go down that line . Why ? ` I could n't tell you who I sat in front of while at Livingston , but they weren ' t football people . I 'm talking about playing the game , managing the game , coaching the game . John Hughes was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves . ` There are hundreds of these guys I 'm quite sure would go in there and do it , for the sake of football . We need to use this to make sure the whole process work better . Josh 's case was unprecedented . How was that ? Somebody needs to explain that to me . ` I know the verdict has gone in our favour but I do n't think this is finished . We need to sit down and look at the Judicial Panel process . ` I do n't believe in the Panel . I promised myself a couple of years ago I wouldn ' t walk back into Hampden until it changes . I would never question their integrity but I want football people sitting in judgment . ` They are making a football decision and I want football people . Look at what is at stake . Here we were talking about a young player 's chance of playing in a Scottish Cup final . I 'd be more confident with football people because they know the game . ` The compliance officer is damned if he does , damned if does n't . Is he getting used as a patsy in all this ? I honestly do n't know . ` How far do you take it ? We 're opening a whole can of worms here . We had a strong claim for a penalty when the goalkeeper comes through the back of Edward Ofere . Where do you draw the line ? ` It 's unheard of , but I honestly think there 's a little bit more to it . We can use this whole episode to make it better . ' Hughes , who accepted Meekings would have warranted a red card had the ref spotted the offence , refused to point a finger of blame at former club Celtic for the letter of complaint they wrote to the SFA in the aftermath . ` Celtic keep getting flung into it , but I came in here this morning and all Kristine , our receptionist , says to me is that the phone had never stopped ringing with Celtic supporters wishing Josh all the best and hoping he plays in the final . ` I believe that comes right from the top at Celtic . They conduct themselves in a great manner . I had the privilege to play for that club and everything they do is class . ` What I will say is , in Scotland , we put people up on a pedestal . We love it . It 's our character . And we love knocking them down again . ` But see when there has been an injustice , one thing we do in Scotland is show a real solidarity to make sure we get it right . ` That 's what I 'm finding about the whole of Scottish football in the reaction to this . There 's a real coming together as they all recognise this is not right . ` I have to be the voice of Inverness . I 'm not really saying -LSB- all -RSB- that I really want to say . I 'm trying to be calculated and honest . I think there 's more to say . There 's more to it . '