It is a miracle she survived . With 18 broken bones , a broken nose , a ruptured kidney , a ruptured liver , missing teeth , and a fractured rib , Christy Mack was unrecognisable as she fled her Las Vegas home on August 8 , 2014 . It was the climax , the former porn star claims , of an abusive on-off relationship with MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver , known professionally as War Machine . Now , nine months later , she has to wear a wig and glasses , and is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see Koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder . The journey , she tells ESPN , has been monumental . Scroll down for video . Recovering : Nine months ago , ex-porn star Christy Mack was in hospital fighting for her life -LRB- left -RRB- . Now she is on the road to recovery , and has to wear glasses and a wig -LRB- right -RRB- after her boyfriend allegedly beat her . Relationship : Mack , 23 , claims Koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive months into their one-year relationship . ` I did n't look in the mirror for weeks , ' she said . ` Just feeling my face , I knew it was n't right . So when I 'd look in the mirror , it 's not me - that person was n't me . It 's so hard to go every day without being you anymore . ' Mack , 23 , claims Koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive four months into their one-year relationship , which started fast . When they met on a photo shoot set , she had pneumonia and he offered to look after her , bringing pizza to her hotel , she told ESPN . ` It was an amazing connection . I feel in love really quick , ' she said . Injuries : Mack posted this message on Twitter soon after the attack to show how she had been hurt . Bruised : Mack published this picture of her leg in the wake of the attack . Beaten and swollen : As well as the shocking images , Mack posted a description of the evening , claiming Koppenhaver had also cut off her hair with a blunt knife in the scuffle . Happier times : Mack says they met on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to care for her . She said she believed , after the first attack , that it would never happen again . Around six months later , a male friend Corey Thomas was sleeping in her bed when she says Koppenhaver , who had a spare key , burst in . Koppenhaver allegedly beat Thomas then told him to go , but not to phone 911 . Then , prosecutors allege , he approached Mack with a kitchen knife . He beat her and used the knife to saw off her mohawk , she told police . Injured : Mack , who has agreed to be identified in reporting of the case , was left with broken bones and a ruptured liver by the attack . She is pictured testifying against her former boyfriend in court last fall . Objection : A prosecutor asked that the court record that Koppenhaver was laughing and shaking his head as Mack said that he sexually assaulted her . Cuffed : Koppenhaver has maintained his innocence and tweeted that he was also beaten by another man . War Machine : Koppenhaver , who has legally changed his name to War Machine , will be tried this fall . It was n't until he went to the kitchen that she was able to flee to a neighbor 's house , it is claimed . Koppenhaver maintains his innocence . Throughout court proceedings , he has dismissed the 26 charges against him as ` heart breaking ' , insisting he was a victim . He took to Twitter days after the alleged attack to say that he had gone to propose to Mack but ` ended up fighting for my life ' . ` I only wish that man had n't been there and that Christy & I would be happily engaged . I do n't know -LRB- why -RRB- I 'm so cursed . One day truth will come out , ' he wrote . Mack , who had already been a supporter and donor for women 's right groups before her attack , slams the critics who targeted her with abuse that suggested she got what she deserved . ` It was n't OK for people to say I got what I deserved when they had no idea what my struggle was . ' The court will resume the case this fall .