A terminally-ill five-year-old has died just days after his devoted parents granted his final wish by getting married at his hospital bedside . Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect and endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life . His greatest wish was for his parents Jemma , 21 , and Craig , 28 , to tie the knot , but despite getting engaged three years ago , his ill health put their plans on hold . Corey Edwards , five , has died five days after his final wish - to see his parents get married - was granted . Corey , who was born with a complex congenital heart defect , held the rings at the ceremony at his bedside in Bristol Children 's Hospital . Corey 's condition had gradually deteriorated since January , when he was admitted to hospital with a cold , and his parents were warned he had just days to live . To grant the little boy 's final wish , staff at Bristol Children 's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside , including getting the Archbishop of Canterbury 's permission for the ceremony to be held on the paediatric ward . The five-year-old held the rings at the wedding on Saturday , with his mother saying Corey looked ` very handsome ' in a suit . Sadly Corey died last night , five days after the ceremony . Speaking shortly after the wedding , father-of-three Mr Edwards , from Teignmouth , Devon , said : ` It may not have been the day we had initially planned in our heads but it did n't matter to us . ` To have our son there meant more than anything and it will be a day we will never forget . ` We ca n't thank the staff enough for what they have done for us and Corey and we would like them to know how much we appreciate their hard work and dedication . ' The terminally ill boy 's parents Craig and Jemma had been engaged for years but delayed tying the knot because of Corey 's ill health . To grant the little boy 's final wish , staff at Bristol Children 's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents -LRB- pictured with sisters Isabelle and Caitlyn -RRB- to marry at his bedside . Mrs Edwards added : ` The most important thing for us was having our son Corey at our side , holding the rings and wearing his suit . ` We could n't have been more proud of him . We were also incredibly lucky to have our daughters there and the support of so many . ' After deciding to get married , the couple had barely 48 hours to organise the ceremony , which was complicated by requiring permission from the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby to go ahead . The newlyweds signed the wedding register at their son 's hospital bedside . The law allows couples to marry in hospital if one of them is desperately ill and that did not apply in this case . But a law dating back to Henry VIII gives the Archbishop of Canterbury special dispensation to allow weddings in hospital for ` pastoral reasons ' . ` When we knew Corey 's wishes , everyone on PICU -LRB- Paediatric Intensive Care Unit -RRB- and Ward 32 , including staff and friends , got together to help us , ' Mr Edwards said . ` The Bishop of Bristol had to write to the Archbishop of Canterbury to get special permission for us to marry in the hospital and we are so grateful he agreed . ' Corey was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect when he was seven months old and had eight open-heart surgeries as well as other treatments . Staff at Bristol Children 's Hospital grew close to the family during numerous hospital stays . , and rallied together to help with the wedding . Mr Edwards , a council road sweeper , said : ` When we got the go ahead , we only had a matter of days to plan . ` We rushed into town to buy a dress and suit and made do with our engagement rings as wedding rings . ` We could n't believe the generosity of all those involved . One nurse helped to do Jemma 's hair , whilst another two members of staff made the cake and iced it . ` Chairs were pulled together to form an aisle and decorations were put up to make it feel like a wedding venue . ` We were married by the hospital 's chaplain , Rev Stephen Oram , who was very excited to be sharing this occasion with us . ' Corey was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect when he was seven months old and had eight open-heart surgeries as well as other treatments . After deciding to get married , the couple had barely 48 hours to organise the ceremony , which was complicated by requiring permission from the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby to go ahead . Mr Edwards added : ` It turned into a really , really amazing day and Corey was so proud . He looked very handsome . I think he really enjoyed it , which was the main thing . ` Getting married is usually the bride and groom 's special day , which it was , but it 's more Corey 's special day because he is such a special boy . ` It was nice to share our special day with the people who have helped us enjoy Corey 's short life . It has got to the point where there is n't more they can do now , which is obviously very hard . ` Instead of being at his bedside crying the whole time at least on that one day we had a real special day . We know he was happy that day . ` When he 's home and well you would n't know he is a cardiac patient . He 's happy , running around and loves to play . ' The newlyweds spent their wedding night at their son 's bedside and later returned to the nearby Ronald McDonald House where they are staying whilst Corey is in hospital . Speaking before Corey passed away , William Booth , matron for PICU , said it was a privilege to share the special day with Corey 's family . He added : ` The whole hospital was abuzz with excitement . ` One of the nurses made and iced a cake others brought in flowers and gifts for the newlyweds . ` Lots of the nursing and medical teams involved in Corey 's care came in over the Easter break to share this special occasion with them all . '