A woman 's noisy neighbour has issued a withering reply to her hand-written letter complaining about his hard-partying ways , claiming only the deaf and ` those buried in the cemetery ' would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home . The man 's sarcastic response comes after Melbourne-based actor , Lucy Gransbury , wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night . Gransbury thought the good-humoured note worked wonders after an entire week of uninterrupted sleep until she was woken again just before dawn the following Sunday . So she followed up by dropping a thank-you card and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was ` too scared ' to knock on their door . But after a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours , Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page opening with ' My dearest Lucy ' . Scroll down for video . After weeks of not hearing back from any of the boisterous lads , Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page opening with this photo holding her two handwritten notes . Witehira said although others may find her crazy he thinks Gransbury is brave and creative . ` I 'm impressed by the lengths you went to creatively to get your point across and even more by the audience it reached , ' he said . He went onto apologise for the the ' music festivals and comedy galas ' and added that the deaf man and those buried in the cemetery 4kms away , that Gransbury had referred to , awake occasionally . ` There 's probably people out there that think your crazy for what you done but not me I thought you were brave and I respect you for it , ' he went on to say . He then took up Gransbury 's offer of getting to know each other over a few drinks . ` We look forward to getting to know you also and about that g & t you mentioned let 's do it . ' But he saved the most hilarious comment for the end . ` P.S We have a room for rent if you know anyone interested . P.P.S I 'm deadly serious . ' Lucy Gransbury dropped a thank you letter and gifts over the fence to her neighbours because she was too scared to knock on their door after they had been quiet for an entire week . The good-humoured letter asks the seven or eight burly blokes not to throw a hand grenade over her fence . Although a week after her first letter the neighbours woke her at 4.30 am when they arrived home , and again at 6.45 am when their mates left , Gransbury decided after writing a list of pros and cons that the mostly-reformed dudes , who she fears could crush her ` between their shoulder blades ' as ` they seem to be a gang ' , deserved to be rewarded . The note , which was posted on her blog and on the Mamamia site , began with thanking the less-noisy neighbours for a quieter week and although their voices woke her on Sunday she was grateful there was n't the ` bass guitar song ' interrupting her dreams about Prince Harry . ` You probably think I 'm a bit weird and have too much spare time , and you are entirely correct . ' The gifts included : . A burnt DVD of the pilot episode of Neighbours where Max Ramsay breaks up a party on his namesake street by ` yelling at the flamin ' lot of them ' . She then later reveals that the DVD is in fact blank and suggests they watch the scene on YouTube . Two chickpea cans with a piece of string so she can create her ` own old-school walkie-talkie ' with them while adding that they must detach the string if they are having a party - not to mention remove the chickpeas for a more effective communciation device . And in good neighbourly fashion - specifically chose chickpeas in case the burly blokes wanted to whip up some hummus for their next party . Last but certainly not least - Gransbury threw in some salt and vinegar chips because she wanted to share her favourite things with her dear neighbours . She signed off by saying she hoped they got a giggle out of her note instead of being insulted and throwing a hand grenade over her fence . One of the gifts was two cans and string so they could she can create her ` own old-school walkie-talkie ' with her neighbours - and she chose chickpeas so they could also whip up some hummus for their next party . After she was woken by their voices on Sunday morning , she wrote pros and cons about the incident - Derpa is in reference to the man she used to regularly hear who sounded like he was constantly yelling ` derpa '' Gransbury took photographic evidence of the moment she cheekily threw the first lengthy and hilarious handwritten letter over their adjoining back fence before running off in hysterics . She posted the letter on her blog with the precursor : ` So if you never hear from me again , I 've been kidnapped and forcibly trapped in my neighbours ' sound system . ' Gransbury chose to replace the expletives she had the strong urge to use with the more polite neighbourly word of ` funk ' in her letter that was also published on Mamamia website . ` Dear Noisy Neighbours , . ` There are some choice swear words I would like to throw at you , but in the interest of being neighbourly , I 'm going to replace them all with the word ` funk ' . ` Please turn your funking music down so I can get some funking sleep , ' the letter opened with . Lucy Gransbury wrote a lengthy and quite hilarious handwritten letter to her noisy neighbours after enduring four months of sleepless nights due to their incessantly wild nocturnal ways . The actor/comedian used her humour in the two-page rant to get her rage across to the party-hard residents who live next door and cause her never-ending grief . Gransbury even took photographic evidence of the moment she cheekily threw the note over their adjoining fence before running off in hysterics . She then went onto say that she had been living for the past four months next to the culprits and was woken up by them ` all the funking time ' . Adding that the night before she wrote the letter when was woken at 4.30 am was an uncivilised time that should only be reserved for ` breakfast radio hosts , international flight passengers , and parents of infants . ' Gransbury said she wanted to yell out to them at 5 am but would n't have been heard over the revving of their friend 's engine of their ` sh*t house fancy ute . ' ` They were then reversing down your driveway for so long and with such difficulty , that I am worried that the man behind the wheel was : A -RRB- drink driving B -RRB- not sure how to drive C -RRB- brain damaged D -RRB- actually a potato . ' She signed off with her Twitter handle or if you wanted to follow her in real life just ` head towards the loud house and turn left ' Her hopes of the music stopping were quickly dashed as she continued to hear one note on the bass guitar ` over and funking over . ' ` I 'm not sure if it 's you , or perhaps a friend , but one man seemed to contribute to the party by yelling ` derpa , derpa , derpa , derpa ' at the top of his lungs . Is he okay ? ' she asked sarcastically . She expressed concern that this man is either not sure how to be human , brain damaged or simply a moron . The music was finally turned down at 6 am - just two hours before Gransbury had to go out and begin her day . ` Everyone in my street probably feels the same . And the street behind us . And the deaf man in the next suburb . And anyone buried in the cemetery four kilometres away . ' She also gave her neighbours two gifts - a pair of headphones and a CD she compiled herself with apt songs but then revealed that the CD was actually blank because she was ` too funking tired ' to burn the songs . Gransbury said she bought this card because ` Shut The F**k Up ' was not available in a large size . As the considerate neighbour , Gransbury gave her next door pals two gifts - a pair of headphones and a CD she compiled herself with the apt songs : Respect by Aretha Franklin , ` Wake Me Up ' by Avicii , ` All About The Bass ' by Meghan Trainor , ` Stop Right Now ' by The Spice Girls and Uptown Funk ' by Bruno Mars ` because it 's just a funkin ' good song , really ' . But she later revealed in the note that the CD was actually blank because she was ` too funking tired ' to burn the songs . After suggesting to catch up over a g & t sometime , she asked them to ` Grow up . Get some funking manners . And Go . The Funk . To Sleep . ' Gransbury also warned them that she would call the police if there was a next time . The exhausted performer signed off with her Twitter handle or if you wanted to follow her in real life just ` head towards the loud house and turn left ' . After suggesting to catch up over a g & t sometime , the exhausted performer asked them to ` Grow up . Get some funking manners . And Go . The Funk . To Sleep '