Peerless champion jockey AP McCoy described the final day of his record-breaking career as ` the hardest day ' of his life as he left Sandown on Saturday night and headed into retirement . And he also predicted someone will ultimately break his multitude of records . McCoy said : ` Someone will break my records . All records are broken . I just hope I am dead when they do . ' McCoy , the iron-man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle , his last-ever ride . AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on Saturday . An emotional McCoy could n't contain his emotions as he waved to the crowd after his last race . After finishing third on Box Office in last-ever race , McCoy was reduced to tears at Sandown Park . The retiring jocket was overcome with emotion after coming third on Box Office . McCoy had much to celebrate on Saturday despite his third-place finish in the bet365 Handicap Hurdle . Princess Anne , a renown horseman herself , told the Racing Post newspaper : ` I can only add my admiration to the epitome of a professional sportsman . Admiration that is heightened by my own , all too brief , experience of National Hunt Racing . ` To win 20 championships is an exceptional achievement , perhaps unmatched in any other sporting discipline , and he has done it in a tough , exhilarating and often dangerous sport . He has been a credit to horseracing and he goes out still at the top of his profession . ' Arsene Wenger , manager of McCoy 's beloved Arsenal , told Channel Four 's The Morning Line : ` I would like to congratulate you for your outstanding career . It 's absolutely exceptional what you have done . At Arsenal , we are inspired by that kind of dedication and quality and consistency you have shown in your career . ' Sebastian Coe , double Olympic champion and organiser of the 2012 Olympics , said : ` Great is an overused word in sport - get a couple of England caps and you 're suddenly a great player . Genius is probably a word less used but I think A.P McCoy is both . ` The guy is a genius in the saddle . It 's just an extraordinary period of time that he has spanned - John Major still had two more years to run as Prime Minister ! Put it in that context , you tell me anybody or anything that has maintained that level of market dominance . I think he 's unique . ' Steve Redgrave , Britain 's greatest Olympian , summed it up . ` A.P has touched all our hearts . Truly a great to be remembered . ' The race was ironically won by Brother Tedd , ridden by McCoy 's great rival and 15-time runner-up in the jockeys ' championship , Richard Johnson . McCoy had earlier also finished third on Mr Mole in the Celebration Chase named in his honour and won by Irish-trained favourite Special Tiara . The 20-time champion jockey said : ` When I went back in front of the stands and heard all the people clapping , there was a lot of emotion . I was trying my hardest but there were tears coming back on Box Office . There were nearly tears going out on Box Office . I pulled my goggles down so no one would notice . ` It was a very emotional day , something I will never forget and never expected . ` The people have come out and supported me and I feel very honoured and very privileged . ` In a lot of ways it had to be this way because if it was n't difficult it meant I was n't as good as I was and was n't enjoying my riding as much as I was . There was always a huge fear that I would not get out while I was as good as I was . As a sports person that is a very difficult thing to do before the dip comes . ' A sell-out crowd of 18,300 flocked to see McCoy 's career as a professional jump jockey in Britain end after 21 years . He was presented with his final champion 's trophy by Arsenal legend Ian Wright before riding Mr Mole and McCoy 's weighing room colleagues had formed a guard of honour as he entered the paddock for the presentation . McCoy 's final winner -- the 4,348 th of his career -- will go down as Capard King at Ayr on April 17 . Great rival Johnson completed a double by also winning the Oaksey Chase on Menorah . Sandown Park was packed with punters and the media who were eager to give him a memorable send off . McCoy was congratulated by fellow jockeys as he prepared for the in the Handicap Hurdle . Box Office 's trainer Jonjo O'Neil poses for a picture with McCoy at Sandown . But McCoy 's smiles soon turned into emotion after competing in his final professional race . The racing legend was swamped by photographers and punters following his last professional race . The 40-year-old was hounded by photographers as he walked out for his last-ever race on Saturday . The Irish jockey -LRB- left -RRB- was unable to leave on a winning note as he raced on the aptly named Box Office . And , as if to emphasise McCoy 's assertion that his records would be beaten , there was also a double for the new star of jump racing , 17-year-old Sean Bowen . The wins enabled the Welsh teenager to become the youngest winner of the conditional jockeys ' title . McCoy , who will attend part of next week 's Punchestown Festival as well as a wedding next weekend , was 19 when he won the same title . Bowen 's success on 14-1 shot Just A Par was the culmination of a fantastic first season which has yielded 49 wins . He has the same agent as McCoy in Dave Roberts , who said : ` What he is doing is freaky . There is no other word for it . We want to keep his feet on the ground but he has some talent . ' McCoy , 40 , who announced his intention to retire in February , had turned down the opportunity to take more rides on his final day as well as not riding the week before . It was his way of easing himself out of the sport he loves . The jockey also received a special award from Sandown presented by former Arsenal and Ireland star Liam Brady , who was McCoy 's childhood hero . ` Race riding has been an addiction , ' added McCoy . ` The reason I have not been riding as much was because I wanted to get myself prepared . To wean myself . McCoy was presented the Champion Jockey trophy by Ian Wright - McCoy is an Arsenal fanatic . McCoy lifts the trophy awarded to him permanently before riding his final ever races . Sandown Park was packed with fans eager to watch McCoy in his penultimate race on Saturday . The champion jockey was joined by his wife Channelle , daughter Eve and son Archie on his last day of racing . The 40-year-old received a guard of honour before receiving the Champion Jockey trophy . McCoy parades his 20th Champions Jockey Trophy at Sandown racecourse before racing . The retiring 20-time champion jockey admitted he went into the final two rides of his career with a heavy heart . Retiring jockey McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing after his Sandown farewell . McCoy finished third on Mr Mole in his penultimate race as retirement beckons . Sky Sports presenter Ed Chamberlin -LRB- right -RRB- joined Wright to present the trophy to McCoy . ` I thought that was the best way of coping with it . I am well aware the next two days , two weeks , two months , two years are going to be the most difficult . ' What McCoy does next is unclear . He has offers of media work and he is also expected to take some role within the JP McManus empire . ` We might be able to work out something , ' said McManus . McCoy was joined by punters who were bidding him farewell on Saturday . Tony McCoy signs autographs for punters on his final-ever day as a jockey at Sandown . Legendary 20-time jockey McCoy carries his son Archie , high-fiving JP McManus . McCoy shows off the Sandown racecard for his final bow as a jockey . Two McCoy fans wear masks of the racing legend at Sandown as they bid him farewell . McCoy -LRB- second right -RRB- has previously said ` shoot me if I ride professionally again ' Crowds are packed into Sandown to wish McCoy well for his final two rides .