Dmitry Kaminskiy is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of ` supercenternarians ' A Moldovan multi-millionaire whose dream it is to live forever has promised to give $ 1 million to the first person to reach the age of 123 . Dmitry Kaminskiy , a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm , Deep Knowledge Ventures , is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of ` supercenternarians ' . He says research into stem cells , tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the ` real absolute limit to human lifespan ' . ` We live in the most exciting era of human development when technologies become exponential and transformative , ' Kaminskiy told DailyMail.com . ` They may not realise it , but some of the supercentenarians alive today may see the dawn of the next century if they live long enough for these transformative technologies to develop . ` I hope that my prize will help some of them desire longer lifespans and make their approaches to living longer a little more competitive . ' French born Jeanne Calment currently holds the record , having lived to age 122.5 . She died in 1997 . Already , a number of supercentenarians are candidates to best Calment 's record . The oldest verifiable supercentenarians living now are Jeralean Talley , at 115 years , and Susannah Mushatt Jones , also at 115 years . Both are Americans , and Talley is older by 44 days . In the last few years , major anti-aging companies , such as Google 's Calico and J. Craig Venture 's new San Diego-based genome sequencing start-up Human Longevity Inc , have launched . Along side this , Billionaires like Larry Ellison , Sergey Brin , Peter Thiel , Paul F. Glenn , and Dmitry Itskov are also funding research into longevity science . One of the oldest supercentenarians living today is Jeralean Talley , at 115 years old . She is pictured here with a photograph showing her and her late husband Alfred in her home in Inkster , Michigan . Google has invested in taxi firms , smart thermostats and even artificial intelligence but it is also setting its sights on immortality - or at least increasing our lives five-fold . In an interview with Bloomberg , Google Ventures ' president Bill Maris said he thinks it 's possible to live to 500 years old . And this will be helped by medical breakthroughs as well as a rise in biomechanics . He has already ploughed money into genetics firms and cancer diagnostic startups and said : ` We have the tools in the life sciences to achieve anything that you have the audacity to envision . I just hope to live long enough not to die . ' Mr Maris has advised Aurolab in the development of a hydrophobic acrylic lens for cataract blindness , and helped develop Google 's Calico project . Calico is a research and development company set up in 2013 by Google and Apple to tackle ` ageing and associated diseases . ' Google co-founder Larry Page said the project would focus on ` health , wellbeing and longevity ' and last September Calico partnered with AbbVie to open a research centre into neurodegeneration and cancer . Although these firms are focused on extending life naturally , there is also a group that believes machines will be the key to extending lives beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the ` real absolute limit to human lifespan ' . Itskov is the founder of the 2045 Initiative with the goal of helping humans achieve physical immortality within the next three decades . Reuters reported that gerontologist Dr Aubrey de Grey , chief scientist at SENS Research Foundation and Anti-Aging Advisor to the US Transhumanist Party , thinks scientists may be able to control aging in the near future . ` I 'd say we have a 50/50 chance of bringing aging under what I 'd call a decisive level of medical control within the next 25 years or so , ' he said . Kaminskiy is hopeful people will soon start living to 150 years of age with longevity science improving . Studies in stopping and reversing aging in mice have already shown some success , and people around the world are generally living longer all the time . For example , life expectancy hit an all time high of nearly 79 years-old in 2014 in America according to a report from Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's National Center for Health Statistics . Additionally , Britain 's oldest person , Ethel Lang , just died at the age of 114 . She was believed to be the last person living in the UK who was born in the reign of Queen Victoria . Whether Kaminskiy 's million dollar prize will encourage people to live longer is still to be seen . But this is n't the first time Kaminskiy has made news with in the longevity field using his resources . At January 's JPMorgan Health Care Conference in San Francisco , he recently bet Dr Alex Zhavoronkov , PhD , CEO of anti-aging company Insilico Medicine Inc. for a million dollars in stock who would live beyond 100 years of age . ` We live in the most exciting era of human development when technologies become exponential and transformative , ' Kaminskiy told DailyMail.com . ` They may not realise it , but some of the supercentenarians alive today may see the dawn of the next century ' ` Longevity competitions may be a great way to combat both psychological and biological aging , ' Dr. Zhavoronkov said . ` I hope that we will start a trend . ' Zhavorokov thinks longevity science today resembles the computer industry in the 70s or networking in mid-90s . ` Most of the pieces are there , ' he said . ` We just need a product or a service to transform the way we live . The revolution in longevity is just around the corner and it is time to seriously engage in the field . ' Historically speaking , prizes have made a difference in the way science and culture has evolved , and also in the way people look at the world . The Nobel Prizes , given out in Stockholm , Sweden every year , are perhaps the most famous and coveted of all awards on the planet . At January 's JPMorgan Health Care Conference in San Francisco , Dmitry Kaminskiy -LRB- right -RRB- made a bet with Dr Alex Zhavoronkov -LRB- left -RRB- , PhD , CEO of anti-aging company Insilico Medicine Inc. for a million dollars in stock who would live beyond 100 years of age . Scientists and peace activists careers can change overnight by winning the prestigious prize . It 's possible the million dollar prize for the longest living person ever on the planet will also evolve into a well-known award . Perhaps other wealthy enthusiasts will step forward to offer new longevity awards after a supercentenarian reaches age 123 . Maybe a trend will be set , and new awards for age 135 , or even age 150 will be established .