A high school student and her best friend , who has Down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message . Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . ` I just feel like it really shows our friendship to the next level of where it actually is but people might not see behind closed doors , ' Mikenzy told WBAY . Scroll down for video . Perfect pair : Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska , who has Down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in Waupaca , Michigan . Since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of Matt and Mikenzy on its Facebook page on March 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget . After Matt learned that his best friend had been invited to the same dance by somebody else last year , he immediately asked her if she would be his date this time around - and she gladly accepted . And as his date , she did everything she could to make sure that he had a fantastic night . Before prom , Mikenzy took it upon herself to make sure that Matt had the opportunity to be elected onto prom court . When she learned that his name was n't included in the junior class ballot , which would elect two boys onto prom court , she took it up with the high school office . And although she was initially told it was too late for Matt to be added to the list , she later learned that there was a new ballot with her friend 's name on it . Unforgettable night : Mikenzy , who wore a black mermaid gown , posed with her friends for some pre-prom photos . Strike a pose : Matt , who wore a black tux with a bright red vest , threw his jacket over his shoulder for this snapshot . ` We found out later that week he was elected onto prom court , ' Mikenzy 's mom Carmen told Yahoo Parenting . ` Mikenzy knew that Matt deserved the chance just like everyone else . ' Carmen explained that some of her daughter 's ` best times ' have been with Matt . ` They see movies , go out for dinner and go to watch high school sporting events together , ' she said . Matt and Mikenzy first became fast friends in fifth grade after they were partnered together during a class trip . ` He 's such a positive person , ' Mikenzy told WBAY . ` He always has a smile on his face . ' Meanwhile , when Matt was asked about Mikenzy , he responded : ` Honestly , I love -LSB- her -RSB- . ' Celebration : Mikenzy snapped this selfie while holding a champagne flute . Mikenzy , who coaches Special Olympics basketball , said she hopes to one day have a career working with those with disabilities , but noted that wherever she ends up , she and Matt will remain close . ` I think it 'll be a forever friendship , ' she told the outlet . And Matt has plenty of extracurricular activities of his own . The teen , who enjoys bowling , is the team manager for both the boys ' hockey team and the girls ' soccer team . ` When you have a child that has a disability , they tell you they 're not going to do this , you 're not going to do that , ' Matt 's mom Flonnie told WBAY . ` Then you turn around and you watch when they 're growing up . ' Good times : Mikenzy , who coaches Special Olympics basketball , threw her arms around Matt and another friend for this snapshot . Feeling excited : When Mikenzy shared this Facbook photo yesterday , she revealed that she and Matt were smiling because they received a special phone call from Ellen , believed to be Ellen DeGeneres .