It is a week which has seen him in deep water - both on and off the pitch . Just days after Dallas Cowboys ' Greg Hardy was suspended from 10 NFL games he appeared to get into trouble when he drove his luxury car through flash floods in Dallas , getting stuck when the car could not make it through the rising , fast flowing waters . The 25-year-old was forced to abandon his Bentley , leaving it stranded until the waters receded and the car could be towed away . It took the tow truck several hours to successfully remove the car and Hardy was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect some of his possessions . He left in another luxury car , a white Ferrari . Scroll down for video . Greg Hardy found himself in more deep water when he was forced to abandon his Bentley in flash floods . The problem with his car comes as more bad news for Hardy who was suspended by the NFL just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year . Hardy , who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month , will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games . Last year Hardy , 25 , was convicted by a judge in Charlotte , North Carolina of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend , Nicki Holder . Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify . A two month investigation by the NFL followed and officials decided he had to be suspended . Hardy was informed in a letter from NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was ` sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects . ' Hardy was dropped by his previous team , the Carolina Panthers , because of these charges last season , but was still able to collect his salary during that time , which was roughly $ 770,000 a week . Hardy previously played for the Carolina Panthers but was dropped after allegations of domestic abuse emerged and was then signed by Dallas Cowboys and suspended for 10 games by the NFL . Hardy is seen talking to officials after his Bentley got stuck in flash floods in Dallas this week . ` I understand that I need to step away from football right now and take care of this legal matter , ' Hardy said in a statement after he was cut from the Panthers . The Panthers had originally agreed to wait to take action until Hardy had a jury trial regarding the incident in May . His previous conviction was the result of a bench trial . A jury trial ultimately led to all charges being dropped . Holder told police that Hardy choked her , slammed her against a bathtub , threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his Charlotte condo . The Dallas Cowboys star was seen attempting to drive his Bentley during the floods , but had to abandon it . It took officials and a tow truck several hours to pull the luxury Bentley free from Dallas flood waters . This all came at a time when the league was under heavy scrutiny in the wake of two abuse scandals involving stars Ray Rice and Adrian Peterson . Many were upset with the punishments those two received , feeling the NFL was too lenient . Video of Rice punching then-fiancée Janay Palmer went public last Monday , and Peterson was indicted on charges of reckless or negligent injury to a child on Friday for an incident in which he hit his son with a switch back in May . Hardy -LRB- above -RRB- was convicted by a judge last July of beating , strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend Nicki Holder . The NFL announced that Hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season . Holder -LRB- above with Hardy -RRB- told police that he choked her , slammed her against a bathtub , threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his condo . Rice was definitely suspended from the NFL and had his contract terminated by the Baltimore Ravens , while Peterson , who was sidelined by the Minnesota Vikings last Sunday , has now been suspended by the team . Both men are expected by many to return to play in the 2015 , with Peterson back on the Vikings after an NFL decision and Rice winning a wrongful termination suit during the off-season . Rice even pocketed roughly $ 1.6 million in back pay .