The community has rallied around the family ripped apart by the tragic murder of four-year-old Alistair Mach and his grandmother by the jilted lover of the little boy 's grandfather . A fundraising page set up by friends of the family to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $ 50,000 in less than a week - more than twice what was expected . Mai Mach , 60 , was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Albanvale home in western Melbourne last Tuesday . Hours earlier her grandson , Alistair , 4 , was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed . Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao , 45 , has been charged with their murder . A fundraising page to set up to support the families of Mai Mach , 60 , and her grandson Alistair Mach , four , has raised almost $ 50,000 in less than a week . A MyCause page , set up by family friend Diana Teoh with the goal of raising $ 20,000 to assist the distraught family with funeral funds , has raised $ 47,226 so far and continues to gain support . ` It will be used for the funeral and Alastair 's parents will direct the remainder of the funds to a good cause , ' Ms Teoh told Daily Mail Australia . Ms Teoh added that she did not expect the page to receive so much support and thanked ` all of the kind people ' who donated . More than 280 people have donated to the page , with many leaving messages of support . ` Mai will be sadly missed by all at AWTA . She was a model employee for well over 20 years and in that time became a good mate to many of her fellow workers . Rest in peace , ' Kelvin Stone wrote . It was set up by family friend Diana Teoh who said the money ` will be used for the funeral and Alastair 's parents will direct the remainder of the funds to a good cause ' Mai -LRB- right -RRB- was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday , while her grandson Alistair -LRB- left -RRB- suffered 18 stab wounds hours beforehand . ` We are so sorry to hear this tragedy . But we believe our little ` zai zai ' and his grandmother are resting in heaven overlooking Amy and Andrew now . So please be strong ... Our hearts are with you . God Bless you !! ' Maggie Liu posted on the page . Liao , wearing a black tracksuit , cried loudly and became increasingly hysterical throughout a short hearing on Thursday before Chief Magistrate Peter Lauritsen , who remanded her until July 22 . She did not meet the eyes of more than a dozen of her victim 's family members in the court room . Andrew Kwong and Amy Mach , parents of 4 year old murdered boy Alistair Mach are pictured after appearing at Melbourne Magistrates Court on Thursday . Chinese national Cai Liao has been charged with murdering the Alistair and his grandmother Mai . Her lawyer , Sarah Pratt , said this was the first time Liao , who is in Australia on a tourist visa , had been in custody . Supported by Alistair 's father Andrew Kwong , his mother Amy Mach held a toy and tiny photo of their only child during the hearing . A dozen other relatives watched Liao from the back of the court . After Liao was charged with murder late on Wednesday night , Detective Leading Senior Constable Tony Harwood told an out-of-sessions court hearing Liao allegedly bound and gagged former lover Brian Mach at his Albanvale home before stabbing Alistair in the head and neck while he lay in bed . A post mortem revealed Alistair , who was regularly babysat by his grandparents , was stabbed 18 times and had tried to defend himself from the attack . Chinese national Cai Xia Liao , 45 , is accused of murdering the pair at the Albanvale home , west of Melbourne . Liao is accused of waiting at the property for 10 hours until Alistair 's grandmother Mai Mach , 60 , got home from work . The mother of 4 year old murdered boy Alistair Mach , Amy Mach -LRB- centre -RRB- is escorted by supporters after a brief hearing at the Melbourne Magistrates Court . It 's alleged Liao waited up to 10 hours for Mrs Mach to return home before stabbing her 23 times in the backyard , Det Leading Snr Const Harwood said . The court heard Mr Mach had recently ended a three-year relationship with the accused killer . Alistair , who was described as ` bubbly ' by family friends , was an only child . Police allege Liao had been in a relationship with Mr Mach , 61 , for about three years , but he had recently called it off . Alistair was killed while sleeping , before the accused allegedly turned on Ms Mach in the backyard -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Mr Mach was apparently bound and gagged while Liao turned on the other members of his family . Friends are seen here delivering flowers to the house in Melbourne after the brutal attack . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .