At his lowest point in the 1980s , Bruce Jenner wanted to flee to Europe for gender reassignment surgery and return to America as his children 's Aunt Heather . That was around the time his young sons asked their mother why their father had breasts . As Diane Sawyer 's explosive tell-all with Bruce came to an end last night , his second wife published a blog detailing their love affair , idyllic marriage and the gender dysphoria revelations that led to their divorce after two sons and a seemingly picture perfect Malibu life . Linda Thompson , now 64 , met Bruce at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife , Chrystie Crownover , the mother of his two eldest children . They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon . A few years later they welcomed a second son together , Brody . Scroll down for video . Former couple : Bruce Jenner and Linda Thompson -LRB- seen together -RRB- met at the Playboy mansion . They fell in love and got married when she was already pregnant with their first son , Brandon . They later had another son . As Linda wrote on the Huffington Post , ` Those were the happiest days of my life . I had a wonderful husband , who was the most athletic , high-spirited , energetic , easygoing , manly man imaginable . I had two beautiful , healthy baby boys . I had two great stepchildren . Life was just about as good as it gets . ' Bruce was travelling the world doing paid appearances and lived a glamorous life in Malibu , frequently seeing his elder son , Burt , and daughter , Casey , from his first marriage . But when Brody was 18 months old and Brandon was three , Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night . She was , she insists , blindsided . With a ` somber look ' Bruce told Linda - who had braced herself for the revelation of perhaps an affair - that he identified as a woman . ` What do you mean you identify as a woman ? ' she recalled asking . ` What does that mean ? And just as he told Diane Sawyer , Bruce told his wife of four plus years that as long as he could remember , he felt wrong with the reflection staring back at him in the mirror . According to Linda , her handsome husband told her , ` I have lived in the wrong skin , the wrong body , my whole life . It is a living hell for me , and I really feel that I would like to move forward with the process of becoming a woman , the woman I have always been inside . ' She insists she never saw it coming and there were no signs . Family : The couple 's youngest son , Brody -LRB- left -RRB- , was 18 months old and Brandon -LRB- right -RRB- was three when Bruce revealed to Linda -LRB- center -RRB- the secret that he finally told the world Friday night - that he identified as a woman . ` Champion ' : On Friday , Linda , now aged 64 , took to Instagram to express her support for her former husband . Unlike Bruce 's third wife Kris , who walked in on Jenner in a dress , Linda says there was no evidence he had ever raided her closet or wore any women 's clothes . ` No . Not a clue . Nothing . Nada . Never , ' she said . The couple entered therapy after Linda found someone who specialized in gender dysphoria , and the doctor ` broke my heart into a million pieces . ' She quotes the doctor as telling the couple of the sobering suicide statistics of transgender people at the time - 25 per cent committed suicide - and told Linda she could stay with Bruce as he became a ` she ' or Linda could divorce him . But she could n't change Bruce . While the couple was gutting it out in therapy for six months in a bid to save their marriage , Linda writes , Bruce was struggling . According to Linda , Bruce ` considered traveling out of the country , possibly to Denmark , to have the gender-confirmation surgery and then come back to the U.S. identifying as female . ' With four little ones running around under the age of ten , she did n't understand how that would work . `` What about the children ? ' He thought maybe he could reenter their lives as ` Aunt Heather . '' While she says he referred to himself as Heather at the time , he never revealed his female name to Diane Sawyer , referring to that identity as just ` She ' . As Linda writes , she sobbed endlessly and was despondent about the end of her marriage , but as devastated as she was , her ` heart bled for Bruce ' . Linda decided she did n't want to be married to a woman , their marriage ended , and a few years later , she married music producer David Foster . In the years during and after the couple split , Bruce started taking female hormones . He detailed to Diane that period in the '80s , saying that the hormones quieted and calmed his mind , while his breasts grew to a size 36B during the five years that he was taking them . Linda remembers the time well , too , and also remembers the lengths he went to in order to change his macho facade . Tearful : Bruce revealed that he identifies as a woman in his explosive interview with Diane Sawyer last night . Transitioning : ` One day , after having spent a little time at Bruce 's house , both boys came into the kitchen and said to me , ` Mommy , we saw Daddy getting out of the shower naked , and Daddy has boobs ! ' writes Linda . ` Thirty years ago the only hair removal that was permanent was electrolysis , ' Linda writes . ` Poor Bruce began the process of having electrolysis performed on his heavily bearded face . He then began having the hair on his chest removed . ' And she - and their children - could n't miss his newfound bosom . Linda writes that she had an open door policy for Bruce to see his children , and he was welcome to visit Brandon and Brody anytime . But , and she does n't detail why , the boys never spent the night at Bruce 's house and occasionally visited . Most likely it was to shield them , as an anecdote about seeing their father undressed led to a lot of confusion . ` One day , after having spent a little time at Bruce 's house , both boys came into the kitchen and said to me , ` Mommy , we saw Daddy getting out of the shower naked , and Daddy has boobs ! ' And so she tried to cover for Bruce , their father . ` Well , boys , you know how your dad was super-muscular and trained very hard for the Olympics ? He had big muscles , and some of those muscles are called ` pectorals . ' When you stop training and you stop lifting weights , sometimes the muscle turns to fat . So his pectoral muscles have probably just gotten a little flabby and look like boobs . ' Soon enough , the exhausting coverup of his transition ended , and it was n't Bruce 's gender dysphoria Linda was protecting them from . Bruce stopped taking hormones , did n't go to Denmark , and started dating again . A source told ET he had his breasts reduced . According to Bruce during his ABC interview , he chickened out of going through with it and stopped taking the hormones . Linda then strongly hints that Kris knew more about Bruce 's gender identity crisis than Bruce let on to during the Diane Sawyer interview . Support : On the Diane Sawyer episode , Brody and Brandon both sit proudly alongside their father , supporting him fully as he enters the next phase of life as ` She ' . And their mother also wishes Bruce well . Linda 's second husband David foster showed his support for Bruce after the interview . David was Brody and Brandon 's stepfather for 14 years - including the time Bruce cut the boys off . ` Bruce dated several women , even though he had begun his transition and showed signs of it . He had no facial hair , no chest hair , and boobs , and he had gotten a nose job and trimmed his Adam 's apple . ` Clearly he was still confused and conflicted as to how fully he was ready to commit to changing his life completely . ' Then he married Kris and stopped seeing his sons , the sons who 'd seen his breasts , for years . ` After Bruce and Kris married , there were periods of several years going by without Bruce attempting to contact or visit his sons . No birthday cards or phone calls , no `` Merry Christmas '' , no `` Everything OK ? '' after the big Northridge earthquake . Nothing . ' But , in hindsight , Linda believes , the revelation of what her sons ' father was struggling with , and running away from , in the years he vanished from their lives , helps explain a lot . On the Diane Sawyer episode , Brody and Brandon both sit proudly with their father , supporting him fully as he enters the next phase of life as ` She ' . And their mother also wishes him well . Linda took to Instagram to support him on Friday , hours before the TV show aired , writing : ` Once a champion of Olympian magnitude ... now a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are . #compassion #acceptance #tolerance #education #evolution #kindness #inclusion . ' And she ends her blog , ` I can now breathe a little easier , knowing he now has found the strength and the courage to fulfill his dream . ' Linda divorced David Foster in 2005 .