At last it 's on . Not only the Fight of the Century but the sale of tickets for Floyd Mayweather versus Manny Pacquiao . The desert storm in a box office which some thought might pull the plug on the richest fight of all time has blown over . Those priceless tickets will be on sale at 8 pm on Thursday after weeks of wrangling and accusations between Mayweather Promotions and Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum . Tickets for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are on sale on Thursday . Pacquiao posted a picture of him looking in good shape 10 days before the fight . This thorny matter was settled at a meeting between Arum , Mayweather 's advisor Al Haymon and CBS television mogul Les Moonves who brokered the deal for the fight itself . The issues over the number of tickets , credentials and hotel rooms to be made available to each camp were all resolved . Since this required a separate contract with the MGM there was speculation that the fight might be in jeopardy . In reality May 2 in the Grand Garden Arena was always going to take place . Mayweather trains with his uncle Roger during a media workout in Las Vegas last week . Pacquiao is taken on the pads by trainer Freddie Roach in front of the watching media . Even Arum , angered as he was by delays he blamed on the Mayweather side for making the tickets release far later than for any big fight ever , had said : ` There 's too much at stake for the plug to be pulled . Like half-billion dollars which it is now expected to generate , with Mayweather and Pacquiao set to bank at least $ 180million and $ 120m respectively , . Arum adds : ` All the matters have been agreed and the contract is being drawn up . ' The vast majority of the 16,500 tickets were always destined to be parcelled up between the two promoters , the two cable networks sharing the pay-per-view broadcast and the MGM hotel group for their clients and high rollers . Only a token 1000 seats are going on public sale , at between $ 1,500 -LRB- £ 1,000 -RRB- and $ 7,500 -LRB- £ 5,000 -RRB- each . But none for the super-ringside tickets costing $ 10,000 -LRB- £ 6,600 -RRB- . There are reports that those seats will exchanged hands on ` the alternative market ' for upwards of $ 200,000 -LRB- £ 133,000 -RRB- . As many as 50,000 tickets will be available to watch the fight at various MGM properties via closed-circuit television . Priced at $ 150 -LRB- £ 100 -RRB- , they will be on sale at 11 pm on Thursday .