Super Bowl champions New England Patriots will begin the 2015 NFL season at home to the Pittsburgh Steelers on Thursday , September 10 . The NFL released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on Tuesday night and , as is tradition , the reigning champions will host the opening game of the season . Week one also features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and their NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys . Tom Brady 's New England Patriots will take on the Pittsburgh Steelers in the opening game of the season . Ben Roethlisberger 's Pittsburgh Steelers will be the visitors to the Gillette Stadium on September 10 . ESPN will begin their season of Monday Night Football with a double-header in week one with the Atlanta Falcons hosting the Philadelphia Eagles and the San Francisco 49ers against the Minnesota Vikings . Seattle Seahawks , who were beaten by New England Patriots in Arizona in the Super Bowl , will visit the Green Bay Packers in week two in a rematch of their NFC Championship Game from last season . Week 12 of the season will see the traditional Thanksgiving triple-header take place with the Green Bay Packers taking on divisional rivals the Chicago Bears . Detroit Lions and Dallas Cowboys will also host their annual Thanksgiving games against Philadelphia Eagles and Carolina Panthers respectively . NFC champions Seattle Seahawks will play the St Louis Rams in their opening game of the season . Aaron Rodgers ' Green Bay Packers will take on the Chicago Bears at Lambeau Field on Thanksgiving night . This season will also see three games played at Wembley Stadium as part of the NFL International Series . The Miami Dolphins and New York Jets will travel to London on October 4 before the Jacksonville Jaguars take on the Buffalo Bills on October 25 , with the Kansas City Chiefs playing the Detroit Lions on November 1 . Last year 's game between the Atlanta Falcons and Detroit Lions kicked of at 9.30 am Eastern Time -LRB- 1.30 pm GMT -RRB- , and all three Wembley games this season will follow suit , meaning afternoon starts for UK fans . For the full 2015 season schedule , visit NFL.com .