Murder-accused teenager Heather Mack was today given the star treatment in the Bali prison where she is being held over her mother 's death . The ` body in suitcase ' teen and her baby received a personal visit from a government minister who offered extra comforts . Mack , 19 , from Chicago , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62-year-old socialite Sheila von Wiese-Mack , whose body was then stuffed inside a suitcase . Scroll down for video . Behind Bars : Heather Mack has been keeping her baby with her in a crowded cell in Bali 's Kerobokan prison . Yasona Laoly , Indonesia 's Justice and Human Rights Minister , has offered Mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child . Indonesia 's Justice and Human Rights Minister called in unexpectedly at Kerobokan Prison to visit the teen . Yasona Laoly , Indonesia 's Justice and Human Rights Minister , called in unexpectedly at Kerobokan Prison , where the 19-year-old is caring for baby Stella . He checked on the conditions in her cell , which she shares with eight other prisoners . ` I 'm not happy to be raising my baby here , ' said Mack , who is expected to learn on Tuesday whether a panel of judges will agree to prosecution demands that she should serve 15 years for the murder . The minister later said he was perturbed that a three-week-old baby should start her life in a prison . He said he had offered Mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child . ` I 've given her the chance to think over the offer , ' Mr Yasona said outside the prison . ` There are families in Bali who would be happy to take the baby in and care for her . ` While she is considering this , I have also told her that I will arrange for her to have a room to herself inside the prison where she can care for the baby properly without other prisoners being around . ' Motherhood : Little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack , 19 , who is accused of murder . Allegations : Heather Mack is accused of the murder of her socialite mother , Sheila von Wiese-Mack -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Locked up : Mack , from Chicago , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62-year-old socialite Sheila von Wiese-Mack . Judges have accepted the prosecution 's case of Mack 's guilt for the murder of her mother in a luxury Bali hotel last August . During the minister 's visit , Mack not only told him of her concerns about the crowded cell , but she also said she wanted baby Stella Schaefer - named after her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer , 21 - to be baptised . Mr Yasona said he would make arrangements for a church pastor or priest to come to the prison to perform a ceremony . It is understood that Schaefer - who is facing 18 years in jail after admitting he beat Mrs Mack about the face and stuffed her body in a suitcase after she allegedly attacked him - has not been made aware of the offer to have the baby he has fathered given to a Balinese family . It is expected , however , that Mack will ask for a message to be passed to him in another part of Kerobokan prison seeking his reaction to the offer . Tommy Schaefer pictured here in prison with baby Stella , who was born by caesarian on March 17 this year . During the minister 's visit , Mack -LRB- right -RRB- not only told him of her concerns about the crowded cell , but she also said she wanted baby Stella Schaefer - named after her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer -LRB- left -RRB- , 21 - to be baptised . Another prisoner , an Indonesian woman , is sharing a cell with her seven-month old baby and several other women . The minister 's compassion for the convicted teenager is at odds with his hard-line stance over the fate of two members of the Australian so-called ` Bali Nine ' heroin-smuggling gang . The two men , Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran , are anxiously waiting for the result of a final appeal in the Indonesian constitutional court to avoid the firing squad . Mr Yasona had said earlier that ` we are ready to carry out the executions ' . However , he has also displayed a lenient attitude to prisoners , putting forward a plan to parliament to revise the treatment of inmates serving time for corruption , terrorism and drug offences . According to his proposed regulations , an inmate who has spent six months behind bars and who agrees to a number of conditions could have his or her sentence reduced .