Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr could rematch in under six weeks after the pair reignited their war of words at a London press conference on Thursday . The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29 with British , Commonwealth and European middleweight champions Saunders handing his rival his first career defeat . Now the duo are both set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9 but not against each other . As it stands , Eubank will be making the first defence of his WBA interim belt while Saunders will have a warm-up ` international contest ' ahead of his challenge for the WBO middleweight title mooted for July . Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr were involved in a war of words during the press conference . Saunders shows his unbeaten record to Chris Eubank Jnr during a press conference . Eubank challenged Saunders to take a re-match with him on May 9 . Hall of Fame promoter Frank Warren initially played down the chances of the pair fighting in May , but later said he would work on trying to get the fight on . But this show has been scheduled in a bid to build up a rematch between them , with promoter Frank Warren suggesting an autumn rematch . However they kicked off their verbal sparring in a fiery press conference and Eubank challenged Saunders to go straight ahead and fight him on May 9 . And , despite having a guaranteed world title shot lined up against the winner of next week 's New York clash between Andy Lee v Peter Quillin , Saunders took the bait . Saunders said : ` You want to fight on May 9 ? I 'll tell you what we 'll do , Frank can double my purse for the world title and I will fight Chris no problem . It will be on my terms because I 've got the win . I 'm the champion . ' Eubank and Saunders have had a long standing rivalry and Saunders won when the pair met in November . Warren , who was sat between them , was startled by the agreement and initially laughed it off . But afterwards the Hall of Fame promoter revealed he will now attempt to drive through a shock deal for an early rematch . However he does have concerns about staging the fight at Wembley Arena and may seek to make the fight at a bigger venue -- possibly even a football stadium if they are able to push the date back into the closed season . Warren said : ` Listen , if I could get that on for May 9 , that would be on , I can assure you but we are limited by the fact it is Wembley Arena . Saunders is due to fight at Wembley arena on May 9 on the same card as Eubank Jnr . Saunders is keen to get back in the ring with Saunders and get revenge for his professional defeat . ` But when I leave this press conference you know what I will be working on and we will see how we go with it . ` I want to see it again . It was an exciting fight and there is a genuine rivalry with them , it 's not done for show . ` I think the next one will be electric . ' The current plan for the 25-year-old pair to meet in the autumn is a risky one as six months is a very long time in boxing . Although unlikely , either man could lose on May 9 before Saunders will face undoubtedly the biggest challenge of his career against the winner of Lee-Quillin . Saunders got the better of Eubank over 12 rounds when the pair met back in November . Eubank and Saunders are both keen on a re-match and while May 9 is a possibility an autumn fight is more realistic . Defeat for Saunders or Eubank before the rematch could damage the credibility of the fight and Warren knows it could be in everybody 's best interest to get the fight on as quickly as possible . He added : ` It is a long road to the rematch and that is why when I leave here I will be sharpening my pencil and having a look at -LSB- doing the deal -RSB- . Billy has said what he wants and now we will see where we get to . ' Eubank won the WBA interim world title by out-pointing Dmitry Chudinov at the 02 Arena in February and the Brighton man has urged Saunders to forget about his current route to the WBO title and instead concentrate on dethroning him . But Saunders taunted his rival by saying the belt does not mean anything . Saunders said : ` That 's not a world title . Do you call that a world title yeah ? Well you 're mad then . You 're deluded man , you must be on drugs . ` Take your little belt home and hold your trousers up with it because that is all it 's good for . You have n't got any good belts , I 've got the best belts . ` Would you even bother putting that on your mantelpiece ? You can show it to your grandkids when you 're older and lie to them . Keep it , it 's rubbish . '