Juventus ensured their treble dreams remained alive as they overcame a first-leg defeat thanks to goals by Alessandro Matri , Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci . The feat was made even more impressive as the Old Lady were without key trio Carlos Tevez , Paul Pogba and Andrea Pirlo . Juventus were hit with the news that former Premier League striker Tevez was to miss the match due to a thigh injury just hours before kick-off , however his absence did not prove to be costly . Leonardo Bonucci celebrates after scoring his side 's third goal of the night against Fiorentina . Juventus defender Bonucci is mobbed by his team-mates after ensuring his side progressed to the final . Roberto Pereyra receives a celebratory hug by Alvaro Morata and Arturo Vidal after doubling the scoreline . FIORENTINA -LRB- 4-4-1-1 -RRB- : Neto ; Savic , Rodriguez -LRB- Tomovic 82 -RRB- , Basanta , Alonso ; Joaquin -LRB- Diamanti 66 -RRB- , Aquilani , Fernandez , Valero ; Salah ; Gomez -LRB- Babacar 73 -RRB- . Subs not used : Richards , Vargas , Gilardino , Kurtic , Pasqual , Rosati , Lazzari , Rossi , Illcic . Booked : Rodriguez , Fernandez . JUVENTUS -LRB- 4-3-1-2 -RRB- : Storari ; Padoin , Bonucci , Chiellini , Evra ; Vidal , Marchisio , Sturaro ; Pereyra -LRB- Ogbonna 82 -RRB- ; Morata , Matri -LRB- Coman 74 , Llorente 89 -RRB- . Subs not used : Buffon , Pepe , Barzagli , De Ceglie , Rubinho , Marrone , Lichtsteiner . Goal : Matri 21 , Pereyra 44 , Bonucci 59 . Booked : Chiellini , Marchisio , Sturaro , Vidal . Sent off : Morata . Massimiliano Allegri 's side came into the game knowing they had to go on the attack if they were to progress to the Coppa Italia final after falling to a shock 2-1 defeat at the Juventus Stadium . And the visitors did just that as Matri opened the scoring in the 21st minute by poking home from close range after he benefitted from a ricochet . Juventus doubled the scoring shortly before the interval when Pereyra placed the ball into an empty net after Fiorentina goalkeeper Neto parried into his path following a thunderous shot by Alvaro Morata . The Italian league leaders did not hold back during the second half and managed to kill the encounter shortly before the hour mark when unlikely goalscorer Bonucci latched onto a Claudio Marchisio corner before striking a beautifully-timed volley into the net . Marchisio 's booking and Morata 's bizarre red card were the only negatives of the night . Inexperienced referee Davide Massa brandished a red card in the direction of Morata after a clumsy challenge , which warranted nothing more than a yellow , on Alessandro Diamanti with just two minutes left to play . Marchisio will definitely miss the final against either Napoli and Lazio due to an accumulation of bookings , while Morata should be confident of winning an appeal . Juventus , who currently lie 14 points clear at the top of the Serie A table , can now focus on their upcoming Champions League quarter-final clash against Monaco . Fiorentina winger Mohamed Salah is surrounded by four Juventus as he makes his way towards goal . Juventus celebrate after keeping their treble dreams alive by progressing to the Coppa Italia final . Vidal looks delighted as Juventus set up a Coppa Italia final against either Napoli or Lazio . Fiorentina 's supporters turned up in high numbers to see their side crash out of the Coppa Italia .