An Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in Southern California died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery . The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later , said Katie Ingram of Orange County Animal Care . ` The vet did everything that they could do , ' Ingram told Los Angeles television station KNBC . ` We are unsure if it was due to the extent of the injuries or some other complication . We were all hoping for a happy ending for this little guy . ' Scroll down for video . Dead goose : Goose with an arrow piercing its neck dies after surgery to remove the piercing object . Puncture wound : The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the arrow removal operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later . Poor goose : Somehow this poor little goose ended up with an arrow through it 's neck . She said the bird 's skin had healed around the arrow and made the process more difficult . Animal officials had high hopes for the bird 's recovery after its capture earlier Wednesday because it seemed in otherwise good health and the arrow had missed all its vital organs . A worker at the Anaheim Hills Car Wash befriended the goose several days ago by feeding it bread crumbs and was able to catch it and turn it over , Ingram said . She said the animal was shot intentionally at least a week ago . Animal control officers started getting calls on April 5 about the bird and found it after a call from Hole 5 at the Anaheim Hills Golf Course on April 8 , Ingram said . The birds are not native to the area , so it was probably living near the course or was someone 's pet . The cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty . Animal cruelty officers planned to launch an investigation into the assault and fingerprint the arrow after it was removed from the goose 's neck . The investigation still stands but sadly the goose will waddle no more . Evaded care : The duck ran from animal care workers for at least a week after it was pierced in the neck . Tragic death : Veterinarians at an area bird and wildlife clinic examined the bird and said it appeared to be in good health , except for the arrow that missed all its vital organs . Tragedy : Animal care workers say vets did all they could to save the duck and that the death is a tragedy .