Stephanie Scott was due to get married to her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley . Police will begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott 's body to determine how she was killed . Ms Scott 's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney , and a NSW Department of Justice spokeswoman confirmed State Coroner Michael Barnes has ordered that an autopsy be carried out this week . This comes after it has emerged detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of Stephanie Scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer . School cleaner Vincent Stanford , who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother , was charged with Ms Scott 's murder on Thursday . The 26-year-old Leeton High School teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years . NSW Police will get in contact with their counterparts in the Netherlands to determine if the accused 24-year-old murderer had any relevant history there , AAP reports . Stanford has reportedly been uncooperative with investigators . Daily Mail Australia has contacted NSW police for comment . It has also emerged that one of the last actions of Ms Scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding , confirming transportation for guests . The revelation follows after police discovered the charred remains of a woman 's body around 5 pm on Friday after they were directed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW by Stanford 's family . It 's further alleged a gasoline can had been found nearby . Police were lead to the place where Stephanie Scott 's remains were found , by the family of her accused killer . Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5 pm in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW . Stephanie Scott -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley , was last seen on Easter Sunday . It is understood Stanford was familiar to the area and went on regular camping trips to the national park on many occasions with his family . On Saturday - the day which English and drama teacher Ms Scott was set to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley - a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be . In a poignant move , the memorial service took place at the same time as when her wedding ceremony was due to take place . Her father Robert Scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief on Saturday at Mountford Park in Leeton . The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday , when her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher . Ms Scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen party last month in Canberra last month with her mother Merrilyn . On Saturday , the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley , a memorial was held . Aaron Leeson-Woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service at the weekend . ` Stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' Mr Scott said at his daughter 's memorial on Saturday . ` Our wishes for the future are that this stays in your minds and you remember her . ` I 'm sure she 'd wish for that to be the case and you could remember her for the great little girl she was . ' Ms Scott 's grief-stricken fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was too upset to take the stage , but was supported by loved ones to release yellow balloons into the air to commemorate her life . A vigil has been created at the school where the popular 26-year-old teacher taught drama and English . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .