Britain 's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow . The auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen . But after the TV cameras subside , their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over , and they 've spent their £ 250,000 - what happens to them ? Scroll down for video . Ant and Dec pictured with popular dancing pair Ashleigh and Pudsey on Britain 's Got Talent in 2012 . BGT judges Simonm Cowell -LRB- left -RRB- , Amanda Holden -LRB- centre -RRB- and Aleesha Dixon -LRB- right -RRB- at the BGT press launch last week . From the incredible success of Paul Potts and Diversity to Attraction 's questionable tactics and Jai McDowell 's ` album flop ' , we look back at the show 's winners to decide whether nabbing the prize on BGT can make you a star for longer than your 15 minutes . The biggest star to come out of the show by far is Scottish singing sensation Susa Boyle - but she did n't actually win . The reality show 's judging panel - Simon Cowell , David Walliams , Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon - have all said they are looking forward to finding fresh talent , and ITV chiefs are expecting bumper audience ratings . But is it really worth signing up ? We look back at some of the biggest names to come out of the programme . Paul Potts . Series 1 - 2007 . Paul Potts performs on Britain 's Got Talent in June 2007 . Welsh opera singer Paul Potts , from Port Talbot , remains one of the most successful winners of Britain 's Got Talent . The classical singer 's post-show album One Chance sold millions of copies and was No. 1 in nine countries . In 2013 , James Corden played Paul in a Holywood movie about his life called One Chance . He is to perform during a short autumn tour at the Aberystwyth Arts Centre in North Wales on October 9 and Rhyl 's Pavilion Theatre on October 14 . One Chance -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , starring James Corden as Paul Potts and Alexandra Roach as Julie-Ann Cooper . Paul and wife Julie-Ann pose on the red carpet prior the Echo award 2014 at Messe Berlin , March 2014 . George Sampson . Series 2 - 2008 . George Sampson , now 21 , from Warrington , was just 14 when he won BGT . The street dancer -LRB- and now actor -RRB- is an official ambassador of the United Dance Organisation . George enjoyed a stint acting on Waterloo road from 2011-2013 , and last year featured in an episode of The Dumping Ground on CBBC , as well as an episode of Mount Pleasant . He ahs also appeared in the films StreetDance 3D and StreetDance 2 . George Sampson performs a show-stopping dance on Britain 's Got Talent in May 2008 . Now a young actor at 21 , he 's pictured at an In The Night Garden Live show in London last May . Diversity . Series 3 - 2009 . Street dance group Diversity formed in 2007 and won the third series of Britain 's Got Talent in 2009 , beating bookies favourite Susan Boyle to the No. 1 spot . In 2009 they toured with BGT , while 2010 saw the first dates to their Diversitoys tour sell out in 24 hours , and they 've been touring every year since . There is currently eight members , from Leytonstone , Dagenham and Essex , which includes two sets of brothers . Ashley Banjo has become the standout star of the group , he is a member of the judging panel of Sky1 's dancing talent show Got To Dance and has presented several other TV shows including Ashley Banjo 's Secret Street Crew , with fellow members of the dance group . In early 2014 , a new Sky 1 show called Ashley Banjo 's Big Town Dance followed saw Ashley and Diversity trying to bring the residents of Stockton-on-Tees tr together through dance . Perri Kiely has also had extensive solo success , winning the second series of Splash ! and working as a UK presenter alongside Jordan Banjo . But the group as a whole has also had lasting success commercially - they have appeared in a number of adverts for Transformers toys , Cadbury Marvellous Mix-Up and British Gas . Diversity perform at the Britain 's Got Talent final in May 2009 . Diversity on stage during the Invictus Games Closing Concert in September 2014 . Spelbound . Series 4 - 2010 . Gymnastic troup Spelbound rose to fame in 2010 when they won the fourth series of Britain 's Got Talent . They took away £ 100,000 and appeared at the 2010 Royal Variety Performance , as well as performing in the Britain 's Got Talent Live tour . They have since performed at numerous venues and featured in TV adverts . Spelbound in BGT in May 2010 . The gymnasts perform at the Rays Of Sunshine concert at Royal Albert Hall in June 2012 . Jai McDowall . Series 5 - 2011 . Jai McDowall , now 28 , from Scotland , won the fifth series of Britain 's Got Talent . He received £ 100,000 , performed at the 2011 Royal Variety Performance and was signed to Syco Music . However by 2012 , due to poor album sales , the singer/songwriter was dropped after fulfilling his one-album contract . He then , ironically , bought a house on Fail Avenue . In 2013 Jai performed at the March & Rally for Scottish Independence in Edinburgh , and in 2014 he was the support act on the Gareth Gates UK tour . Jai McDowall failed to set the music world alight after winning Britain 's Got Talent in 2011 and was dropped by Syco records after his first album . But the singer continues to play gigs and last year he supported Gareth Gates on the Pop Idol singer 's UK tour . Ashleigh and Pudsey . Series 6 - 2012 . Ashleigh Butler and her pet Border Collie cross , Pudsey , stole the nation 's hearts as contestants in the sixth series of the television talent show Britain 's Got Talent , which they won in May 2012 . Their dog trick act has continued to be a roaring success - in 2012 Pudsey had a role in the TV version of the book Mr Stink by David Walliams . The pair also present the CBBC TV show Who Let the Dogs Out ? In 2014 , Pudsey starred in the film called Pudsey : The Movie , with his character voiced by David Walliams . For the last few years , they have also become a popular fixture on the pantomime circuit - this month they 're playing Dorothy and Toto in the Easter pantomime of The Wizard of Oz at the Playhouse in Whitley Bay . Ashleigh and Pudsey perform at the Britain 's Got Talent final in May 2012 . Ashleigh and Pudsey , pictured here on the Lorraine TV show in December 2014 have had roaring success since they won BGT . Attraction . Series 7 - 2013 . Hungarian shadow theatre group Attraction , from Budapest , Hungary , first rose to fame thanks to a performance at the Hungarian Olympic Oath Ceremony for the London 2012 Olympics . Less than a year later they won the seventh series of BGT . They 've since appeared on television several times , including on Ant & Dec 's Saturday Night Takeaway . Last year they fronted a TV advert for UK insurance broker Swinton but they are yet to announce a tour . Attraction perform on BGT last May . Attraction on Daybreak TV show in June 2013 . Collabro . Series 8 - 2014 . Boy band Collabro , who specialise in musical theatre , won the eighth series of Britain 's Got Talent in 2014 . They signed a record deal with Simon Cowell 's record label Syco Music and their debut album , out in August 2014 , debuted at number one in the UK . They 're going on their first ever tour this year - watch this space . Collabro perform on BGT last June . Collabro perform at the Christmas Lights Switch-on in Manchester last November . Susan Boyle at her BGT audition in 2009 . Susan Boyle competed in BGT in 2009 , where she sang ` I Dreamed a Dream ' from Les Misérables . The crowd , who were initially sceptical of Susan , were blown away by her performance , which has since been viewed more than 167 million times on YouTube . Susan was expected to win the BGT show , but was pipped to the post by the dance group Diversity . But since coming second , she has gone on to become on of the most successful talent show contestants of all time . Her debut album I Dreamed a Dream went to No. 1 one around the world , including in the UK and the US , and became the UK 's best-selling album of all time . She has released six records in total , sold more than 19 million albums worldwide and received two Grammy nominations .