Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback . Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen , who has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return . Gooch , the former England captain who also worked as the national side 's batting coach until last year , went as far as saying Pietersen had ` wiped the floor with the ECB ' in the lengthy PR battle since his sacking in 2014 . Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback . Gooch -LRB- above -RRB- went as far as saying Pietersen had ` wiped the floor with the ECB ' in the lengthy PR battle since his sacking in 2014 . The 34-year-old Pietersen wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash . But Pietersen appeared to take exception to Gooch 's suggestion that a Test series victory in the West Indies this month would take the 34-year-old 's name off the agenda . He retweeted a BBC Online article and then posted a brief but pointed attack on Gooch , relating to his captaincy on the 1982 rebel tour of Apartheid-era South Africa . It read : ` Graham Gooch - you captained a rebel tour of SA , got banned & then returned to the England team . I do n't think I 've done anything as bad ! ' Earlier , Pietersen had suggested his first practice session of the season could be streamed live to fans . Kevin Pietersen will step up his attempts to earn an England recall when he starts batting on Monday . Pietersen -LRB- right -RRB- rejoined Surrey after incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves said domestic form would help . Pietersen has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 and he is due to return to the nets on Monday . He announced that to his 2.3 million Twitter followers and raised the prospect of using the social network 's new broadcast app , Periscope , to showcase his session in real time . He wrote : ` Starting to bat tomorrow ... might @periscopeco it , so all of you can watch it Live & see how I get on . Should I ? £ comeback ' . Quite how Pietersen 's ' £ comeback ' will pan out in the long term is unclear . Incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves advised that signing for a domestic side would help Pietersen 's cause . Incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves has offered just enough encouragement for him to believe he could once again wear the Three Lions - despite a year of bitter recriminations and one dazzlingly indiscreet autobiography . His decision to hit the county trail , so long a bete noire in his career , at least offers the platform for him to nudge public opinion and the selectors from close quarters . But when England flew to the West Indies on Thursday ahead of the forthcoming Test series , the messages were thoroughly mixed . Controversial batsman Pietersen and current England coach Peter Moores have a fractious relationship . Captain Alastair Cook , who was not given a glittering write-up in Pietersen 's book , largely absolved himself from the decision-making process , insisting it would be taken by Graves , managing director of England cricket Paul Downton and chief executive Tom Harrison . Coach Peter Moores was less ambiguous . Moores was sacked from his first stint in charge in 2008 , partially at the behest of Pietersen , whose intervention also cost him the captaincy . He was then belittled as a nagging ` woodpecker ' in the batsman 's memoir and reconciliation between the two men would appear a stretch . Asked at Gatwick about the situation , Moores said : ` From my point of view , Kevin is n't on the radar . ' He would , therefore , seem an unlikely viewer of Pietersen 's Periscope net session .