Hard-hitting Chris Hala'ufia flattened a streaker and was then sent off for a brutal attack on Leicester forward Laurence Pearce during Saturday 's Aviva Premiership clash . The Tongan number eight , who has been warned in the past over his ill-discipline , halted Pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge and left him prone on the ground . After studying replays on the big screen , referee Tim Wigglesworth showed Hala'ufia a yellow card and then changed it to red after he had seen him shove Pearce 's head into the ground . London Welsh forward Chris Hala'ufia tackles a streaker during Saturday 's Aviva Premiership match . Hala'ufia halted Laurence Pearce with a shoulder charge and then shoved his head into the turf . Leicester number eight Pearce was left prone on the ground after the challenge by Hala'ufia . Hala'ufia then grabbed Pearce 's head and rammed into the turf , earning him a red card . Watch Chris Hala'ufia 's brutal assault on Laurence Pearce . The dismissal of Hala'ufia helped Leicester Tigers boost their hopes of a top-four finish with a workmanlike bonus point 38-17 win . Leicester fought back from a shock 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half against the relegated Welsh . Captain Ben Youngs scored Leicester 's first try in the third minute and five more followed after the interval from Laurence Pearce -LRB- two -RRB- , Sam Harrison , Jamie Gibson , and Tom Youngs . London Welsh 's tries came from Koree Britton and Opeti Fonua . Leicester , however , left the field at half time to boos and whistles from a section of the Welford Road crowd who were unhappy with a lethargic , error-strewn performance from their team . It was the first time the Welsh had led at half time in the Premiership this season and , while they did not play well , they fought for everything and scored a well-deserved try in the 38th minute . It came moments after a male streaker had enlivened proceedings by running across the pitch . He was flattened by a flying tackle from Hala'ufia before being escorted from the ground by two stewards . Some were not sure where to look when the streaker ran on to the pitch during the first half . Imposing number eight Hala'ufia took exception to the interruption in play by the naked fan . Hala'ufia decided to take matters into his own hands and help remove the streaker . Whether that proved a distraction to kicker Chris Elder is a moot point but the winger then missed a relatively easy penalty before the Welsh took the lead with a try after a surging run from Hala'ufia . Hala'ufia found hooker Britton who dived under the posts , with replacement Will Robinson adding the conversion . It seemed a lot longer than 35 minutes since Leicester had started the match with a bang , scrum half and captain Ben Youngs sauntering over for an easy try in the fourth minute from a line-out with the Welsh defence having gone missing . Freddie Burns ' conversion made it 7-0 and the crowd sat back and probably expected an avalanche of points against a side already relegated , having gained just one bonus point all season and shipped 869 points before this match . . The pitch invader managed to get back to his feet despite the hit from Hala'ufia . The streaker was finally escorted from the ground by two stewards . But the rout never came as Leicester made error after error , particularly at the breakdown , and after Elder had missed a 16th minute penalty he put the visitors on the board with a beauty from a metre inside his own half . The Exiles ' lead did not last long because Leicester , probably after a half time rollicking , scored three minutes after the break , No8 Laurence Pearce getting the touchdown after a rolling maul , the decision coming from the TMO . Burns missed the conversion . Pearce got his second seven minutes later , finishing off a lovely outside break by Mathew Tait to make it 17-10 . Burns hit a post with the conversion attempt . Things got worse for the Welsh in the 55th minute when Hala'ufia was sent off after he halted Pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge and left him prone on the ground . After studying replays on the big screen , referee Tim Wigglesworth showed Hala'ufia a yellow card and then changed it to red after he had seen him shove Pearce 's head into the ground . The bonus point try came in the 65th minute after a brilliant counter from full-back Niall Morris . Although hauled down just short of the line , replacement scrum half Harrison dummied before stretching over a pile of bodies to get the touchdown which Burns converted . Flanker Gibson got the fifth , his strength taking him over in the right corner , which replacement Tommy Bell converted . With seven minutes left giant replacement Fonua got the Exiles second try from a tap penalty near the line . Robinson converted . Replacement hooker Tom Youngs scored Leicester 's sixth with two seconds left . Bell converted .