Horticulturalists have urged people to halt the ` grey sprawl ' in Britain which is seeing grass and flowers in front gardens replaced by concrete . More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over - raising the risk of flooding and reducing available habitats for wildlife . And there are not just environmental consequences of replacing grass and wild flowers with brick , as the sight of a green garden is said to boost people 's mood . More than 7million gardens in Britain have now been paved over and the RHS is calling for people to plant hedges , trees and flowers to turn the UK green again - as grassy well kept gardens boost mood . The Royal Horticultural Society -LRB- RHS -RRB- is calling on people to plant trees , shrubs , climbers , hedges or flowers to attract wildlife , improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures and the risk of flooding . Alistair Griffiths , RHS director of science and collections , said : ` Many of us get a boost by simply looking at a beautiful garden or having access to green space . ` So instead of paving over green we can all play a part in reducing the grey and brightening it , and us , up with some plants . ` On top of making us feel better and happier , if hundreds and thousands of people across the country across the country grew more plants of different varieties in gardens and community spaces , it would all help to improve our air quality , benefit us , our wildlife and reduce temperatures and flooding risks . The society has issued advise for people to transform their gardens by planting a tree , hedge and a shrub . The RHS has launched a three year ` greening grey Britain ' campaign in a bid to transform 6,000 unloved grey , concrete spaces into planted-up areas . A survey of 2,000 people by the organisation found that 95 per cent thought being in a beautiful garden lifted their mood . More than 60 per cent said looking at a street of paved-over front gardens saddened them . The RHS says replace paving with plants . The RHS has suggested people can transform their concrete front gardens by planting five things ; . a tree - intercept intense rain and slow run-off , helping reduce risk of floods . a hedge - provide areas of shade . a shrub - create extra habitats for wildlife which can promote growing of more plants . a climber - cool buildings . a perennial plant - reduce pressure on drains which can lead to flash flooding . The poll also found that 60 per cent of people worry about paved front gardens and flooding . The society is offering tips on how to transform grey areas . Tips include pulling up a paving stone and planting it up , to creating window boxes and planting trees and climbers in front gardens which can cool buildings . Around 30,000 volunteers who worked on the Britain in Bloom competition will also help transform concrete Britain into a greener space in the three years of the campaign .