Ukip ` hates modern Britain ' and is infected with the ` virus of racism ' , rising Labour star Chuka Umunna has claimed . The shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had ` a problem with race ' following his remarks last about ` fully black ' and ` half black ' Ukip supporters . Mr Umunna 's remarks come after Mr Farage dragged into a fresh racism storm after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in his South Thanet constituency . Scroll down for video . Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna said Nigel Farage had ` a problem with race ' following his remarks last about ` fully black ' and ` half black ' Ukip supporters . The row started after a group of far-Right supporters calling themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening . They were led by Gary Field , a former regional organiser for the English Defence League , and enjoyed the protection of Ukip 's security teams , which encircled the Broadstairs Pavilion . Mr Field , who has a criminal record for assault , drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers as a crowd waited for Mr Farage 's arrival . The Ukip leader moved to disown the far-right campaigners , saying : ` Members of an extremist group today arrived at a Ukip public meeting at the same time as a Mail on Sunday camera arrives . ' But Labour 's Mr Umunna , whose father was born in Nigeria , accused Ukip of whipping up ` anti-immigration sentiment ' . Mr Umunna said : ` The likes of Ukip do n't like what modern Britain is . They claim to love Britain , but they hate modern Britain . If I 'm wrong about that why do we see a stream of invective directed at different groups in society from their candidates and their members ? ` There is a virus of racism which runs through that party which they 've failed to deal with , and I 'm not surprised given their leader does n't see the need for equalities legislation that we have in Britain today and that we 're very proud of . ' UKIP leader Nigel Farage , stopping for a pint in Ramsgate , Kent , was accused of having a ` problem with race ' Gary Field , a former regional organiser for the English Defence League -LRB- pictured in the white hat -RRB- turned up to campaign for Ukip in South Thanet constituency last week . Last week , Mr Farage defended Ukip 's manifesto , which featured only one ethnic-minority person , saying the party had one spokesman who was ` fully black ' and another who was ` half black ' . Responding to these remarks , Mr Umunna said : ` I just think the guy 's got a problem with race . I 'm just saying what I think . ` As a party they 've got a problem with race . And I do n't think you can kick out racism from their party unless you have got a leadership which understands it and understands race in modern Britain . ` I have no truck with this notion that immigrants are to blame for all of the country 's problems . We saw people do that to black and Asian people like my father in the Sixties and Seventies , and now the group they 're trying to blame for all their problems are Eastern Europeans . '