An investigation is underway after two passengers were allegedly seen making frequent visits to the cockpit during a Ryanair flight from Dublin to Berlin Schönefeld . Two women , who were believed to be off-duty Ryanair members of staff wearing their staff lanyards , were passengers on the plane and were not wearing their uniform . The Irish Aviation Authority has decided to probe the incident , which took place on Good Friday , after fellow passengers on board expressed their concerns about the behaviour . The Irish Aviation Authority are investigating after two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight mid-flight . Speaking to Independent.ie a passenger named Bridget who was travelling on the flight spoke of how once the plane had taken off , two women were spotted coming out of the cockpit . Ryanair has since confirmed there were a total of three off-duty workers on board the flight . The passenger also claimed she had seen the two women ` drinking in the airport ' before the flight out . She said : ` Later , when the captain said ` we 're getting ready to descend ' , the two girls went back up . They were laughing and giggling and taking photos of each other . The actions of the two women in visiting the cockpit , who have since been revealed as off-duty Ryanair staff , left fellow passengers on board concerned -LRB- file photo , not actual cockpit -RRB- . ` With things being so strict since the -LRB- Germanwings -RRB- Alps crash , I do n't think this should be allowed . ' A Ryanair spokesperson told MailOnline Travel : ` We have investigated this matter . These were three Ryanair employees travelling off duty . ` All three were wearing their Ryanair ID and were known to the flight crew . ` Following the investigation the matter is now closed . ' A spokesperson for the Irish Aviation Authority told MailOnline Travel : ` The IAA is currently investigating the incident in question . ` In general access to the cockpit is restricted to operational staff , including staff passengers , provided they are known to the Commander . '