A four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering Secret Service to put the White House under lockdown . The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon . ` Child was fine and was safely reunited with parents ' following the incident , Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary told CNN . A four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering Secret Service to put the president residence under lock down for a few moments . The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday . The man died after shooting himself on the west front of the Capitol building just after 1 p.m. , Capitol Police spokeswoman Kimberly Schneider said . No one else was hurt . Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine said the man had a backpack and a rolling suitcase , triggering an hours-long lockdown , and a sign that said something about ` social justice . ' Witness Robert Bishop told CNN it said something about taxing the ' 1 % . ' Bomb squad members respond to reports of a suspicious package on the West Front of the US Capitol , on Capitol Hill on Saturday . A man carrying a backpack and rolling suitcase shot himself while carrying a sign about taxation . Authorities do not believe there is a terrorism connection . Robert Bishop of Annapolis , Maryland said he was biking near the steps of the Capitol when the suicide happened . Bishop did n't witness the suicide but said there were about 60 people in the area , and that some of them did , including a girl and her mother who immediately began crying afterward . Bishop said another witness told him and a police officer that the man who killed himself held up a protest sign about taxation just before pulling the trigger . The lockdown came during Washington 's annual Cherry Blossom Festival , which attracts thousands of tourists during Washington 's busy season . Congress has been on spring recess for two weeks and lawmakers are set to return to work Monday . Busy day : The suicide came on one of the busiest days for tourist in the U.S. Capitol as travelers from the world over flock to the yearly cherry blossom festival . January 2015 : An employee of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency accidentally crashed a small drone on the South Lawn at the White House while operating it from a nearby apartment . The White House was put on lockdown for more than two hours after the drone hobbyist lost control of the device . October 2014 : Dominic Adesanya jumped the fence and made it onto the North Lawn before being taken down by two security dogs and arrested by the Secret Service . September 2014 : Omar J. Gonzalez , an Iraq army veteran with a knife in his pants , scaled the fence from the Pennsylvania Avenue side of the White House and made it inside . He overpowered an officer at the entrance and ran through most of the main floor and made it to the East Room before he was finally captured . The shocking security breach launched congressional hearings and led to Secret Service director Julie Pierson 's resignation . Just 24 hours later college student Kevin Carr was arrested for trespassing after he parked his car at a security checkpoint outside the estate and refused to leave . And in the same month a man wearing a Pikachu hat and carrying a plush doll of the Pokemon jumped the fence and walked on to the North Lawn . August 2014 : The White House went on lockdown after a toddler somehow managed to squeeze through the gates . May 2014 : A man was arrested for indecent exposure after stripping off all his clothes when he was denied access outside the White House . June 2013 : Joseph Reed crashed a driverless jeep filled with bullets , knives and two machetes into the Pennsylvania Ave. gate , hoping to create a diversion so he could spray paint a ` Do n't tread on me ' snake - a symbol sometimes associated with the Tea Party movement - on the side of the White House . November 2009 : In one of the most famous and extensive of breaches , reality TV stars Michaele and Tareq Salahi from Bravo show The Real Housewives of D.C. slipped past two Secret Service checkpoints and managed to crash a state dinner party that they were not on the guest list for while being filmed by cameras for their reality show .