` Gunman ' : Claudio Giardiello was described as ` very unusual ' and ` over the top ' by his former lawyer . A gunman has killed four people - including a judge and a witness - after going on a rampage at a Milan court where he was due to appear today accused of fraudulent bankruptcy . The defendant , Claudio Giardiello , 46 , is said to have first killed his lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani , 37 , and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge Fernando Ciampi in an act of revenge ` against those that ruined me ' . Prosecutors said the attack was carried out with ` cold premeditation ' . A fourth victim , understood to have been a witness , had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack . Several other people suffered serious injuries in the attack , including Giardiello 's former colleagues and accountant . After his killing spree , the gunman managed to evade police and fled the courthouse on his motorbike , reaching the town of Vimercate 15 miles from Milan before being arrested . Giardiello likely used a false ID pass to enter the court through a side door reserved for judges and lawyers , who are not obliged to have their belongings scanned by a metal detector , Milan public prosecutor Edmondo Bruto Liberati said . Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said the attack ` a moment of great pain , of sadness ' adding that it was ` unthinkable someone should be able to enter a court with a weapon . ' He promised ` the government will shed the utmost light on the event ' and described the police who had chased down and arrested the man as heroic . The gunman 's attack began when he fired four or five rounds from multiple weapons at 11 am . Witnesses reported barricading themselves inside their offices and taking cover under their desks as police hunted for the gunman . After texting loved ones that they were OK , employees and lawyers were eventually allowed to trickle out of the tribunal , women first , followed by the men who had their court ID cards checked . Gunman : Claudio Giardiello -LRB- centre -RRB- - the man who killed four people after opening fire on a Milan courthouse - is escorted by Italian police officers in Vimercate barracks near the city . Casualty : Rescuers and police help a seriously injured man out of the Justice Palace in Milan this morning . Several others suffered serious injuries in the attack , including Giardiello 's ex-colleagues and accountant . Hundreds of people were eventually evacuated from the building as police hunted the gunman . ` There was a lot of panic at the beginning when people came running towards us saying there was a person with a pistol who had been shooting , ' said lawyer Mirko Ricetti , who said he locked himself in a first-floor courtroom after hearing a shot . Police said Giardiello fired 13 rounds in total , beginning his rampage by mortally wounding his co-accused , Giorgio Erba , and killing his lawyer Mr Appiani . Another of his co-accused , Davide Limongelli , was injured in the gunfire . The armed assailant then allegedly sought out judge Ciampi , shooting and wounding another man on the stairs on the way to the floor below . He allegedly entered the judge 's private office , letting off two shots that killed him instantly . Mr Bruti Liberati said it was not clear whether there was any relationship between the gunman and the judge . After his killing spree , the gunman managed to evade police and fled the courthouse on his motorbike , reaching the town of Vimercate 15 miles from Milan before being arrested . Giardiello was caught on video surveillance cameras fleeing the court and police traced him via his numberplate . Interior Minister Angelino Alfano later issued an update saying the suspect was arrested in a village 15 miles from central Milan away after fleeing the scene on a motorcycle . He subsequently tweeted : ` Caught in Vimercate the alleged murderess of Milan ' . He told a press conference it appeared the man ` was ready to kill others in Vimercate , ' following reports Giardiello had been heading towards another co-defendant , who was not present in court . Giardello , who reportedly had a string of failed businesses , allegedly told police : ` I wanted to take revenge on those that ruined me ' , according to Italian news agency ANSA . He owned 55 per cent of a real estate company which went under in 2008 , media reports said . An ambulance with escort was seen leaving the Vimercate police station , but it was not immediately clear if the gunman was inside . Valerio Maraniello , who once acted as a lawyer for the shooter , told AFP his ex-client was ` an aggressive person , a little paranoid . ' ` He was always convinced people were trying to cheat him . He never listened to advice , ' he said , adding that he was ` not completely surprised ' by the deadly attack . Hundreds of people were evacuated from the Palace of Justice building as police searched for the gunman . A plain clothes police officer helps to evacuate people from the tribunal building in Milan this morning . Leaders across the political sphere expressed shock that a gunman had managed to get into the court building . ` The fact that we 're not talking about an organisation which surveyed the place first makes it even more perturbing , ' said the head of the Lombardy region , Roberto Maroni . Alfano - in Milan for a meeting on public order and safety ahead of the 2015 Milan expo which opens in May - promised to investigate what he described as ` serious errors ' in security . ` If this is the level of security in Expo Milan imagine what potential terrorists can think of doing , ' said Matteo Salvini , head of the anti-immigration Northern League party . Judge Gherardo Colombo told journalists outside the court that he had known the murdered judge well . ` It 's absurd that one can die like that , while you 're doing your job , ' he said , suggesting ` an anti-judiciary climate ' may be to blame . The shooting immediately raised questions about how the man gained entrance to the Fascist-era courthouse with a weapon , given that visitors must pass through metal detectors . Heavily armed : Police snipers arrive at Milan 's Palace of Justice this morning following the shooting . Security : Police cars surround Milan 's Palace of Justice building this morning after a man named locally as Claudio Giardiello opened fire . Four people are thought to have died . The courthouse has metal detectors at the four main entrances , but lawyers and courthouse employees with official IDs are regularly waved through without the additional security screen and accredited employees can drive into the internal garage . Lawyers Mirko and Davide Pupo noted that the metal detector from the lawyers ' entrance had been removed several months ago . Employees who emerged after the shooting suggested that the gunman could easily have gained entrance without passing through the metal detector by entering with his lawyer , though other lawyers said their clients are routinely told to go in via the public entrance . Deputy interior minister Filippo Bubbico said an investigation would determine who was to blame for any security lapse , given also that the gunman was not stopped as he moved from one floor to the next to continue the spree , and then was able to flee unimpeded . The Palace of Justice is in the historic centre of Milan , only a few streets away from the city 's cathedral and shopping district .