Jolyon Palmer is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year after being given the perfect opportunity by Lotus to prove himself worthy . For the first time the Enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in Friday 's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends . Ordinarily in the past , Lotus ' reserve has been nothing more than a spare part , stood on the sidelines whilst the race drivers completed their tasks . Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season . This year , however , Lotus have decided Palmer will get a shot , and not just as a driver doing all the donkey work too . Every Friday Palmer will be behind the wheel - as was the case in China last week and again in Bahrain this week - his run-plan will be similar to that of whoever he replaces . In China , Palmer was only 0.6 secs behind Pastor Maldonado at the end of FP1 , a tremendous effort given it was Palmer 's first major outing at an F1 event . If Palmer can continue to push , or even on occasion better the times of Maldonado and team-mate Romain Grosjean , doors may open . ` I want to be really pushing the race drivers . That 's the aim , ' said Palmer . ` I 'm pretty much running on the same run plan as those guys . It 's not like we 've seen in FP1 sessions before with other drivers where they have been on quali settings , engine turned up or low fuel . ` This year there 's a direct comparison and I want to show why I should be racing next year . ' Unfortunately for last year 's GP2 champion , his lack of competitive work outside of his duties with Lotus may prove a hindrance . Palmer drives during practice for the Chinese Grand Prix last weekend . The 24-year-old from Horsham would love to be keeping his hand in , but knows it is something he has to sacrifice to keep his F1 dream alive . ` I want to race , but only if I get the right offer , ' added Palmer , son of former F1 driver Jonathan . ` If I get a good offer to do something that would be a good career move for me then I 'd like to race . ` It 's about keeping sharp . It 's the one thing I 'm missing this year . ` I 'm loving working with Lotus and being in F1 , but I 'd love to be racing as well , so if I get a good offer I 'd love to . ' Palmer , though , is not actively seeking further employment because of his commitment to Lotus , adding : ` My main focus is all here and I 'm really busy anyway . ` If something came my way then I would definitely consider it , but my main priority is Lotus and I will not compromise anything I do here by racing elsewhere . ` But if there is something that came along that could fit in with this then I 'd be happy to do it . '