Alan Pardew will target a marquee signing this summer so his Crystal Palace side are taken seriously next season . Pardew has transformed Palace into relegation candidates to a club pushing for a top-half finish since taking charge in January . He will be active in the transfer market come the end of the season in an attempt to take the club to the next level and is keen to bring in a big name to declare the club 's intentions . Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club 's profile . Eagles boss Pardew slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds ' price-tag on Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie . ` That is a solution to not just give us a better media standing than we have , but to also give everybody else here the recognition in terms of their value that we could attract a player of that type , ' Pardew said . ` That is something I have thought about . ' Pardew is prepared to let star winger Yannick Bolasie leave for ` between 40 and 60 million pounds ' and would use the money to build a formidable squad . But even if that does not happen , Pardew , whose side host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday , is adamant that he will be backed by chairman Steve Parish . The former Newcastle boss was able to make five permanent signings in January and will look to add several more when the transfer window re-opens . Pardew added : ' To be honest , the chairman is as much banging on my door as I am his . The most important thing is we get good value . ' While Palace may seek to break the £ 7million club transfer record set with the September 2014 arrival of James McArthur from Wigan , Pardew is loath to do so lightly . Palace broke their club transfer record in September 2014 when they splashed out £ 7m on James McArthur . ` It is n't just about the money and is n't just about the figure that you pay , ' said Pardew . ` It really is about are they better than what you have . ` Therefore what is their value ? And that is what you have to gauge . ` I have to say this club has done very well in the transfer market prior to me coming in . I think in that window just passed we bought really well , but really we have n't seen them . ` I have n't had to lean on Shola Ameobi , Jordon Mutch , Chungy -LRB- Lee Chung-yong -RRB- too much really . ` And I really did think , particularly in Shola , that he was going to be a massive player for us if it got close . ` In a way the team have taken that equation away . ' Pardew has guided Palace out of the relegation mire since his January arrival , with the Eagles fifth in the Premier League standings on 2015 's fixtures alone . Victory over Hull in Saturday 's Selhurst Park clash would rubber-stamp Palace 's top-flight safety , and Pardew admitted he is eager to make what experiments he can with next term in mind . ` There could be an opportunity to look for next year and that is what I am going to do between now and the end of the year , ' he said . ` I will try and keep our professionalism together , but also look at Chungy and Jordon Mutch and how they are going to impact on what is a good team at the moment . ` We still have some big games though , so I have to look at that and ca n't be experimenting in some . ` It is about making sure whatever team goes out there is every bit as good as the team that has played in the last few weeks . ' Pardew has not had to ` lean on ' Shola Ameobi , Jordon Mutch and Lee Chung-yong since their arrival .