Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players ' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system . The Reds ' 3-4-2-1 formation , implemented from mid-December , helped produce a 13-match unbeaten Barclays Premier League run which lifted them to within a win of breaking back into the Champions League qualification places . But despite receiving plaudits for the quality of their football , which at times appeared to be unplayable , flaws started to appear a month ago when they were held to a goalless draw by Sky Bet Championship side Blackburn in the FA Cup . Brendan Rodgers says his sides recent defeats are down to his players , not his tactics being susses . After scraping a win against Swansea they were then exposed by Manchester United and Arsenal , two teams already in the top four . However , Rodgers insists a drop-off in results is more to do with their own performances than those of their opponents . ` I do n't think it 's about being worked out . We did n't start well -LRB- against Arsenal -RRB- , and it does n't matter what system you are playing if that happens , ' he said . ` In the last four games that we 've played we have n't created as much , and that 's more on ourselves . Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places and will find it hard to recover . ` Of course you give opponents credit but every team will go into a game to defend well and work hard against you . ` Probably the Blackburn game when we drew 0-0 and the games following that we have n't created as much . ` That 's something that we want to reinforce - the creativity for chances and hopefully taking those chances . ` It 's a difficult system to play against , but it 's one of a number of systems we 've played here and played very well . Alexis Sanchez fires home Arsenal 's third goal , as the Gunners thrashed Liverpool at the Emirates . ` It 's my job to always look to find the solutions , that 's what I 've tried to do in the games when we did n't look like scoring , finding a way to win . ' Blackburn , who host Liverpool in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday , will take heart from the Merseysiders ' mini-slump at a crucial time of the season . For Rodgers and Liverpool though the cup now represents the only chance to save their season and that should guarantee a reaction at Ewood Park . ` It 's important to have a game quickly when you lose , ' added Rodgers . ` The group is very committed to winning this trophy but in order to do that you have to qualify and we know Blackburn will be a difficult game for us . Steven Gerrard -LRB- left -RRB- and Mario Balotelli look on as Rodgers give a talk to his players and staff . ` A trophy this season will mark another step forward for us . Getting to a final and winning a trophy is what we want . ` In terms of the FA Cup that was always an objective . ` On Wednesday , we 'll look to reach our second semi-final of the season in the cup competitions -LRB- having been narrowly beaten by Chelsea over two legs -RRB- . ' With the play-offs out of reach for Rovers they will also be putting all their efforts into trying to reach a Wembley last-four encounter with Aston Villa . Jordan Rhodes -LRB- centre -RRB- can cause Liverpool 's leaky defence a number of problems in the FA Cup replay . They showed enough on Merseyside a month ago to suggest they can trouble the Reds and , having dispatched top-flight sides Swansea and Stoke at Ewood Park , they will have no fear of Liverpool 's arrival . ` Blackburn have got some excellent players . They defended well when they came to Anfield , ' said Rodgers . ` We 'll go there really focused and determined - we ca n't wait to play again after the weekend 's disappointment . '