A dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry during his infamous party night in Vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards . Carrie Reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night . In an excerpt from the upcoming In the Eye of the Royal Story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , The Sun reported . Carrie Reichert -LRB- left -RRB- , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story in which she recounts the events of Prince Harry 's infamous party night . Prince Harry , pictured above in Las Vegas in 2012 , was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at his VIP suite at the Encore at Wynn hotel , including Miss Reichert . She wrote : ` I 'm only in my bathing suit and feeling overdressed , wondering if I too should strip down and join him in his royal buff . ' Ms Reichert went on to claim that alcohol gave her the confidence to approach the Prince before they shared a kiss . She said : ` This surreal moment felt more like a dream : I 'm kissing a Prince ! Tasting his lips and feeling his tongue , encouraging what is now a hot , deep kiss , both of us excited , anticipating what is yet to come . ' In January , England-born Ms Reichert said she planned to use a pair of the Prince 's underpants for a strip tease act . She remains the only woman to have ever spoken out about the prince 's wild night in Vegas , following which pictures of him were leaked showing him playing naked billiards . Ms Reichert claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with him in the penthouse suite of the Wynn Hotel in August 2012 . However , Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince 's VIP suite and dismissed her story as ` untrue ' . Kensington Palace this evening declined to comment when contacted by MailOnline . Just weeks after the 2012 party , Miss Reichert spent a month in Harrison County Jail in Mississippi after being arrested for cheque fraud . And not long after she rose to prominence for her outrageous claims , it was revealed she was a dominatrix who charges $ 1,000 an hour for BDSM sessions . Kensington Palace has previously said Ms Reichert -LRB- pictured -RRB- was not among those invited back to the Prince 's VIP suite that evening . Not long after she rose to prominence for her outrageous claims , it was revealed Ms Reichert was a dominatrix who charges $ 1,000 an hour for BDSM sessions .