Toby Huntington-Whiteley has already made waves in the modelling industry due to his towering height - he falls just under 6 ' 4 '' - and chiselled looks . And his latest stint in the summer ad for men 's clothing brand , Jacamo , certainly does n't disappoint . The 25-year-old personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer , Freddie Flintoff , 37 , as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand 's summer campaign , filmed in Palma , Majorca . Scroll down for video . Toby Huntington-Whiteley , 25 , stars in the new summer advert for men 's clothing brand Jacamo . The 25-year-old shows off his supermodel pout as he wears a tailored suit in the streets of Palma . One shot sees Toby showing off his model pout as he lounges by a rooftop swimming pool , modelling a pair of tropical-print swim shorts . Another campaign shot sees the dapper 25-year-old taking to the back streets of Palma wearing an ink-blue tailored suit , colourful pocket square , white t-shirt and sunglasses . Sporting legend Freddie , the face of Jacamo for the last four years , wears his own Flintoff by Jacamo summer collection . English professional cricketer Freddie Flintoff , 37 , has been the face of Jacamo for four years . The TV ad sees the professional cricketer having an energetic game on a basketball court , before hitting the beach in a jeep . As the official face of Jacamo , Freddie said : ` Majorca is a brilliant island and we had a great time filming there . ` After four years of working with Jacamo I think that both the adverts and products continue to surprise people , in a good way . He added : ` This particular collection shows how much variety men can have in their summer wardrobe . ' The advert sees Rosie Huntington-Whiteley 's brother , enjoying the Mediterranean heat in a rooftop swimming pool . The face of Jacamo , Freddie Flintoff , stars in the advert and is seen enjoying a game of basketball . This summer campaign marks Toby Huntington-Whiteley 's second TV gig for the menswear retailer . Jacamo caters to an extensive range of sizes from big-name brands , from small to 5XL , and the advert highlights that the company 's clothing is well-suited to men who are ` extra tall ' and ` extra broad ' . Both Whiteley and Flintoff measure up at just under 6 ' 4 '' , which make them ideal poster boys for the brand . Jacamo caters to men who are ` extra broad ' -LRB- Toby is pictured left -RRB- and ` extra tall ' -LRB- Freddie is pictured right -RRB- .