A University of Iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in Rome in a suspected robbery attack in Rome . Andrew Mogni , 20 , from Glen Ellyn , Illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January . He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20 , but he died on Sunday . Andrew Mogni , 20 , from Glen Ellyn , Illinois , a University of Iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in Rome in a suspected robbery . He was taken to a medical facility in the Chicago area , close to his family home in Glen Ellyn . He died on Sunday at Northwestern Memorial Hospital - Medical Examiner 's Office spokesman Frank Shuftan says a cause of death wo n't be released until Monday at the earliest . Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed . On Sunday , his cousin Abby wrote online : ` This morning my cousin Andrew 's soul was lifted up to heaven . Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed . ` At the beginning of January he went to Rome to study aboard and on the way home from a party he was brutally attacked and thrown off a 40ft bridge and hit the concrete below . ` He was in a coma and in critical condition for months . ' Paula Barnett , who said she is a close family friend , told My Suburban Life , that Mogni had only been in the country for six hours when the incident happened . She said he was was alone at the time of the alleged assault and personal items were stolen . She added that he was in a non-medically induced coma , having suffered serious infection and internal bleeding . Mogni was a third-year finance major from Glen Ellyn , ill . , who was participating in a semester-long program at John Cabot University . Mogni belonged to the school 's chapter of the Sigma Nu fraternity , reports the Chicago Tribune who posted a sign outside a building reading ` Pray for Mogni . ' The fraternity 's Iowa chapter announced Sunday afternoon via Twitter that a memorial service will be held on campus to remember Mogni .