With a growing focus on the fashion industry to be more widely representative of all body shapes and sizes , one woman has just become a poster girl for this cause - literally . Trainee police officer for the Met , Sophia Adams , has just become the new face -LRB- and body -RRB- of ` plus-bust ' lingerie brand , Curvy Kate , after winning their annual ` Star in a Bra ' competition . 21-year-old Adams , from North West London , beat 1,000 other hopefuls and as a result , has scored a modelling contract with plus-size agency , Bridge Models . Scroll down for video . Sophia Adams , 21 , has beaten 1,000 other hopefuls to land a coveted modelling contract with London agency Bridge Models . The trainee police officer will travel to the Mediterranean to star in Curvy Kate 's Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue . The 21-year-old trainee police officer , who has a 32JJ bust , will be joining the brand 's curvy line-up and starring in their Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean . In an interview with Curvy Kate following the win , Adams highlighted her excitement . She said : ` I was in total disbelief when I first found out I 'd won . I could n't actually say anything else apart from ` shut up ' and ` no way ' for the first five minutes of knowing ! ' The brunette will be joining the brand 's curvy line-up and starring in their Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean . ` I was in total disbelief when I first found out I 'd won ' : says Adams . The trainee police officer has admitted to not having any previous modelling experience , but that she is excited about the upcoming catalogue shoot . She said : ` I ca n't wait to get out to Portugal to shoot and see what beautiful pieces I will be modelling ! ` I 'm sure the next year will be lots of fun . I do n't have any modelling experience so I 'm not really sure what to expect but the element of surprise makes it even more exciting for me . ' Runner-up : Charlotte Buck , 24 , is a crime prevention worker from South Staffordshire , has 30G curves and was one of the finalists of the ` Star in a Bra ' competition . Buck studies Psychology at university and was one of the top ten finalists for the ` Star in a Bra ' competition . Runner-up : Danielle Fearon , 24 , has 30GG curves and was another one of the top ten finalists . Make-up artist Danielle , from Toddington , was in the top ten , whittled down from 1,000 hopefuls . The curvy Londoner mainly wants to encourage other plus-size women to appreciate their bodies . She added : ` The main thing I want to do is send out a positive message to all women that every shape and size is beautiful , we all have bits we like and bits we do n't like about our bodies but embrace every inch of it ! ' Launched in 2009 , Curvy Kate offer a selection of D-K cup lingerie , designed especially for a fuller bust . Runner-up : Holly MacGillivray , 25 , has a 34HH bust and came in third place for the competition . Finalist : MacGillivray , from North Wales , is a cruise ship singer . Finalist : Mother-of-two , Edinburgh-born Nicola Graveson , 39 , has a 30G bust and was the oldest in the ` Star in a Bra ' competition . The brand are known for their use of non-professional models , using ` real ' women to show their consumers how their lingerie will fit on a variety of body shapes . The Star in a Bra competition saw over 1000 shapely women enter from all corners of the world . The international hopefuls were whittled down to just ten , and the final heat included girls from as far as Australia and the USA , as well as , of course , the UK . After enjoying a professional make-over and attending an exclusive photo-shoot in London , the finalists ' images were revealed to the public and put forward for a week-long online vote . Finalist : Ashley Bridges , 30 , has a 30K bust , and is a mother-of-four from Woodbridge in Virginia . Finalist : Sydney-born Rosalind Strong , has a 28HH bust and studied sound engineering . Finalist : Student Megan McMinn , 22 , from Bath , has a 30G bust size and runs her own personal style blog . Finalist : 24-year-old Emma Webley is a management consultant from Aylesbury , and has a bust size of 34J . The reasoning behind the annual ` Star in a Bra ' competition has been cited as a response to an outcry for more realistic images in media : ` Star in a Bra champions the use of relatable role models and promotes a positive approach to body image . ' Curvy Kate recently used their top ten finalists to spoof Victoria 's Secret campaign of ` The Perfect Body ' , instead contesting the idea that there is a ` perfect body ' . Victoria 's Secret 's tagline purported : ` Perfect fit . Perfect comfort . Perfectly soft . ' Whereas Curvy Kate 's tagline argued : ` Every body is beautiful . ' ` Every body is beautiful ' : The ten finalists recently took part in a spoof of Victoria 's Secret exclusive ` Perfect Body ' campaign .