Leicester 's Premier League forecast has looked gloomy for some considerable time , but Jamie Vardy 's stoppage time winner at the Hawthorns suddenly offers a sunnier outlook . ` It was a pretty decent day , ' said Vardy -LRB- below -RRB- . ` I go to the racing for a giggle . Winning the sweepstake was nice but three points was the main thing . ' Leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months , cemented to the bottom of the table since November . Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of Premier League survival . Vardy celebrates in front of the travelling away fans after hitting the winner against West Bromwich Albion . Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the clash on Saturday . West Brom -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Myhill 5.5 ; Dawson 5 , McAuley 5 , Lescott 5.5 , Brunt 6 ; Gardner 6.5 -LRB- Olsson 73 , 5 -RRB- , Yacob 6 , Fletcher 7 , Morrison 6.5 -LRB- Sessegnon 85 -RRB- ; Ideye 5 -LRB- Anichebe 60 , 5 -RRB- , Berahino 5 . Subs not used : Rose , Wisdom , Baird , McManaman . Booked : Gardner , Fletcher . Scorers : Fletcher 8 , Gardner 26 . Leicester -LRB- 4-3-1-2 -RRB- : Schmeichel 6 ; De Laet 4 -LRB- Wasilewski 46 , 6 -RRB- , Huth 6.5 , Morgan 6 , Schlupp 6.5 ; Albrighton 6.5 , James 6 -LRB- King 60 , 6 -RRB- , Cambiasso 7 ; Nugent 7 ; Vardy 7.5 , Ulloa 6.5 -LRB- Mahrez 64 , 6 -RRB- . Subs not used : Schwarzer , Konchesky , Drinkwater , Kramaric . Booked : Albrighton , Huth . Scorers : Nugent 20 , Huth 80 , Vardy 90 . Man of the match : Jamie Vardy . Referee : Martin Atkinson 6 . But two successive wins give genuine hope of survival with seven games to play , five at home . Vardy struck a confident tone . Survival is , after all , in Leicester 's hands . ` We 've all been running ourselves in the ground and not getting the points we deserve , ' said Vardy . ` We 've not played bad in any game really . This just shows what we are capable of . ` We still want to be in this Premier League next year . We feel like we belong here . We 've never been battered and always given a good account of ourselves . ' Leicester manager Nigel Pearson deserves credit for altering his team at half-time when 2-1 down to goals from Darren Fletcher and Craig Gardner . Leicester switched to a 3-5-2 formation and flooded men forwards in a bid to add to David Nugent 's strike . Robert Huth found a leveller with 10 minutes to go before Vardy ran from halfway to drill a cracking finish in the first minute of injury time . Pearson said : ` This season we have to make sure our destiny remains with our own results as long as possible . Whenever that 's the case , we have a realistic opportunity . '