It 's normally Steffon Armitage who triggers it , but this time it is Nick Abendanon 's doing . He played so well for Clermont Auvergne last weekend -- again -- that England 's policy against picking players based abroad is back in focus . For the umpteenth time , the RFU and Stuart Lancaster are being urged to invoke the ` exceptional circumstances ' get-out clause . There is an assumption in many quarters that , this being a World Cup year , it is time to abandon all principles and do whatever it takes to ensure that every Englishman , wherever he may be , is available for selection . Well , here 's an alternative suggestion . Scrap the clause . Now . It is proving to be more hassle than it is worth . Lancaster , his assistants and his employers are being stalked by calls for Armitage to be called into the national squad , as befitting his supreme exploits for Toulon . But that is to ignore the coaches ' reservations , and the realisation that the fall-out from a shift in policy would have long-term repercussions . Former Bath full back Nick Abendanon was outstanding for Clermont as they tore Saracens to shreds . Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons . Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes the ` exceptional ' clause could cause major problems . England hooker Tom Youngs also thinks the clause could create tension in the current international set-up . This is not to decry a quality flanker who has excelled among the Galacticos at his club , but this situation can not go on . England are being held hostage by their own edict , so why not just ditch the ` exceptional ' clause and end the out-cry ? Critics of the union 's stance over-look the consequences for the club game in this country if there is no restriction in place . This column concurs with Conor O'Shea , who said : ` It is pure populism to say it is World Cup year and we should do anything we can because the minute you break that -LRB- policy -RRB- , you break the dam . There are always exceptional circumstances . Then there will be the next one and the next one and the next one . ' Leicester 's England hooker , Tom Youngs added : ` I do n't know how well it would go down with the team . Stuart has built a culture with this group of players . Does he want to disrupt it ? ' The ` exceptional ' clause rule has continued to heap pressure on Stuart Lancaster and his coaching staff . Fair point . Tell players they have to stay to be considered , then at the 11th hour perform a U-turn and select exiles ; that is a short-cut to unrest , surely ? This is no restraint of trade either -- those who wish to go abroad can do so freely , but the knock-on effect is clear . Well , it is reasonably clear . It would be clearer still if the RFU and England really had the courage of their convictions and abolished the clause entirely . Sam Burgess 's heavily-scrutinised conversion to rugby union will take an intriguing twist on Friday night , when he starts at blindside flanker for Bath against Newcastle at Kingston Park . He has been striving to make an impact in midfield for four months , but his club 's head coach , Mike Ford , insisted long ago that back row would be his ultimate home . There are potential implications for Burgess 's quest to earn a place in England 's World Cup squad , as Lancaster sees him as a candidate to play at inside centre . Sam Burgess 's rugby evolution continues on Friday as he starts at blindside flanker against Newcastle . However , despite widespread misgivings about the former league icon 's exploits to date in his new code , he will be included in England 's training squad announced next month , providing he is fit . That is a given . In addition , any further doubts about Manu Tuilagi 's health will further enhance Burgess 's prospects of making it to the World Cup -- as a powerful ball-carrier who can break tackles and off-load . The England coaches will back themselves to mould him to their vision , given three months to do so . Finally , the back-row experiment makes sense . Burgess needs the ball in his hands more , in order to make his presence felt , so wearing No 6 addresses that . When it comes to matchday atmosphere , the Stade Marcel Michelin is hard to beat . It is well documented that English clubs can not compete with their French rivals when it comes to transfer-market clout , but they are also being eclipsed in the atmosphere stakes too . Last weekend , the cacophony at Stade Marcel Michelin -- for Clermont vs Northampton -- was on a different level to anything experienced here . In this observer 's opinion , the noise and colour at Stade Felix Mayol the next day , as Wasps took on holders Toulon , was similar , if not quite as relentlessly raucous . Many Premiership grounds are full , but they lack the constant bedlam to be found in the best Gallic arenas . The Millennium Stadium when a big Test is on takes some beating , while Thomond Park , Limerick , is the spiritual home of supporter fanaticism , closely followed by Ravenhill when Ulster play under lights . Munster 's home stadium Thomond Park is another fortress that generates a unique atmosphere . But Clermont lead the atmosphere league table . It 's not necessarily a great place to go in support of doomed visitors , but those who have n't been should try it as neutrals , for a big French Top 14 clash . The place produces an epic occasion founded on fervent civic pride . CORBISIERO 'S STRUGGLES RAISE DOUBTS . When certain players go down in pain and require treatment on the field , there is a particular sense of foreboding . Alex Corbisiero is in that category . The Northampton prop did n't feature for England during the recent Six Nations and was forced off during the Saints ' thumping defeat at Clermont last weekend , apparently suffering discomfort in his right knee -- which has been a problem area before . More recently , the Lions loosehead was laid low with a shoulder injury and he could be seen flexing that joint at Stade Marcel Michelin . Corbisiero has n't started a Test for England for 28 months . His club insist this latest setback is ` only a bruise ' , but there will be grave doubts about this world-class player 's ability to scale the heights again , until he plays regularly without mishap . Northampton prop Alex Corbisiero has not started a game for England in nearly two years . Saints and England lock Courtney Lawes is a doubt for his side 's clash with Exeter on Sunday . Courtney Lawes has what Northampton are calling a ` bad shoulder ' and may not feature in Sunday 's clash with Exeter . There was better news for Saracens on Thursday , as Jacques Burger will be available for their Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont , after escaping with a one-match ban for striking Maxime Machenaud of Racing Metro . LAST WORD . Now that he has been duly confirmed as one of the 12 referees appointed for the World Cup , Nigel Owens should just go ahead and book his room in the Twickenham area for the final on October 31 . The Welshman is close to being a shoo-in for that showpiece occasion , unless his cause is shattered by Warren Gatland 's national team emerging from the ` Pool of Death ' and going one step further than they did four years ago . It is no coincidence that Owens has presided over many of the greatest encounters at Test and club level in recent years . Nigel Owens -LRB- left -RRB- is the frontrunner to referee the World Cup final , unless Wales make it there of course . His empathy , style of communication and desire to let the game flow mean he is respected worldwide . He has acquired a high profile , but it does nothing to detract from his professionalism . Happily , this year 's tournament can not be tarnished by the attention-seeking antics of Alain Rolland and Steve Walsh , who have both retired . Referees are there to monitor , adjudicate and facilitate , not try to up-stage the teams and players .