A 30-year-old Scouser released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years was the hero of Scottish football at the weekend . Full back David Raven stabbed home the winner to take Inverness Caledonian Thistle to the Scottish Cup final . You can only be pleased for him -- he must have thought his career glory had been and gone when he made a few appearances in the Liverpool first team as a youngster -LRB- he played in the infamous 1-0 defeat for Rafa Benitez 's Reds at Burnley in 2005 -- Djimi Traore 's silky back-heeled own goal deciding the game -RRB- . It 's a fantastic moment for Raven , good luck to him in the final . But what can we deduce about the state of Scottish football from the two Hampden Park semi-finals last weekend ? David Raven peels away after scoring the winner for Inverness against Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final . Raven celebrates with team-mate Ryan Christie as Inverness knocked Celtic out at Hampden . Well with Scotland 's top club , Celtic , taking the decision to embarrass themselves publicly by writing to the SFA crying about a penalty they were n't awarded against Inverness , you can see there are problems . I interviewed goal hero Raven and he seemed upset by Celtic 's actions : ` For a club that size to write to the SFA is a bit much , it 's definitely taken the gloss off it a little bit for me . I 'm surprised a club like Celtic have done that -- it 's a bit of an error of judgment for me . I do n't know what they 're hoping to get out of it , ' he told me . Well done Celtic , your extreme arrogance managed to spoil the highlight of an honest pro 's career . You should be ashamed of themselves . Celtic think they are so gigantic they have a divine right to get to the final . Apparently only they can make themselves the victims of bad decisions from officials . Celtic are like the brat of a child , over-indulged by parents , and scoffing too many sweets and not sharing any with the other kids because of some superiority complex which is n't backed up by what 's actually going on . And the mismanagement of the Scottish game has left it imbalanced and unattractive . Whichever way you look at it , Scottish football , like an unsafe , stinking high rise on the wrong side of Glasgow , needs wiping out and starting again . Firstly , Celtic need bringing down a peg or two . There is nothing to suggest they are bigger than the game of football , yet they act like they are lords and masters of all around them . Celtic did n't get a penalty -- so what ? Inverness should have had one when sub keeper Lukasz Zaluska bulldozed into the back of an opponent . As bad losers go , Celtic are just about the worst of the lot . Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths complained : ` We were robbed . ' The whole of football is laughing in his face ! Imagine how Rangers fans felt when the authorities banished their club to the brink of non-league football . Now that 's being robbed . None of this reflects well on Scottish football . Josh Meekings -LRB- centre -RRB- appeared to handle the ball in the box but no penalty was awarded to Celtic . Kris Commons appeals for a penalty after Meeking 's apparent hand ball but it was to no avail . Celtic captain Scott Brown appeals to referee Steve McLean - the club have since written to the SFA . Next the game north of the border must do more to attract supporters to matches . For Saturday 's game between Hibs and Falkirk there were 30,000 empty seats , while nearly 25,000 were missing for Sunday 's tie . Two showpiece games at the country 's national stadium should be getting close to sell-out crowds . The two biggest clubs in the country -- Celtic and Rangers - regularly have loads of empty seats at home games . Where is the passion for football in Scotland ? Has it disappeared completely ? Was it the curling craze that did it ? Have Rhona Martin and all curlers since the Olympic gold medallist hit her peak become the new heroes rather than iron bruisers like Scott Brown ? What about on the pitch : take a look at the three Inverness scorers on Sunday : Raven I 've told you about ; Greg Tansey I first saw when he was a teenager at Stockport and I was impressed . His career since then has levelled out . He 's a good technician , but having been allowed to leave Stevenage last year when they were bottom of League One you 'd have to question his all-round ability . And Edward Ofere scored a cracker at Hampden , finding the net for the second successive weekend . But this is a 29-year-old Nigerian striker who has yet to play a competitive international game and has had a Nomadic footballing existence thumbing his way around the minor European leagues so far . It 's a great moment for these players and for Inverness , but let 's not confuse that with anything remotely resembling high quality football . These are journeymen who have worked hard to earn their big day out . James Dunne was a cup winner in Scotland with St Johnstone last season , this year he 's been picking up yellow cards in the bottom half of League Two with Portsmouth . Large swathes of Hampden were empty for both Scottish Cup semi-finals over the weekend . The standard of Scottish football has continued to fall and the game needs to be overhauled . Inverness manager John Hughes , sacked by Hartlepool after relegation to League Two less than two years ago , has moulded these players into a side that sits third in the Scottish Premiership table , and favourites to win the Scottish Cup final . In some ways you have to be impressed , and the Caley fans are loving it right now of course . But the standard is not high , and that 's not healthy for Scottish football . With the quality on the pitch lacking , it 's no surprise the fans ca n't be bothered to pay and watch . You sign English League Two players and you 'll get League Two crowds . What 's needed is a total restructuring : a bigger top division in Scotland for a start . That would ensure the biggest clubs have the best chance of staying there , and it would mean the clubs play each other only twice a season in the league -- familiarity has bred boredom with a smaller Scottish Premiership . Beyond the top flight , establish only one division with strict criteria for stadia and salary capping . That way clubs are less likely to suffer financial crisis , but standards are maintained , and the focus is on quality in those top two divisions , rather than the current situation where resources spread far too thinly over four leagues . Somehow a fairer distribution of wealth is needed in Scotland . Pumping all the money into Celtic has n't led to any success in Europe -- in fact Celtic have got worse . So spread the money more evenly , generate competition , and maybe that way Scotland can become strong again . It 's not all bad - Falkirk 's matchwinner on Saturday Craig Sibbald looks like a decent footballer , yet he ca n't get in the Scotland Under 21 squad . There are some promising young Scottish players around right now , no doubt about that . But overall Scottish football is in a bad way right now . It 's in need of major surgery . Celtic 's pathetic letter should fire the SFA into action . Celtic 's Emilio Izaguirre cuts a dejected figure at full-time after his side failed to reach the final .