The rogue trader facing charges he manipulated the share market and helped trigger a trillion dollar Wall Street crash will remain in jail for the weekend after failing to pay his £ 5million bail . Navinder Singh Sarao , 37 , is facing extradition and is wanted by American prosecutors after allegedly causing the 2010 Wall Street ` flash crash ' and making more than £ 26 million using a fraudulent trading technique . Sarao , of Hounslow , west London , appeared at Westminster Magistrates ' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £ 5 million . Suspected rogue trader Navinder Sarao -LRB- circled -RRB- lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds . Sarao -LRB- pictured in court -RRB- spent a third night in custody last night after failing to pay the £ 5million surety demanded by the courts to grant him bail . However , he has remained behind bars since his brief appearance , and will remain there over the weekend after an official from the magistrates ' court today said it had not received the money . The spokeswoman said : ` It has n't been paid and it ca n't be paid over the weekend . He will therefore remain in custody until at least Monday when he is able to pay the money . ' The former Brunel University student allegedly made £ 550,000 in five minutes on the day of the ` Flash Crash ' , the biggest one-day collapse in Wall Street history . He is accused of using computer programs to create ` spoof ' transactions on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , and faces charges which could carry a 380-year prison sentence . It 's claimed he did all this from his parents ' semi-detached home in Hounslow , west London , where he ran his one man trading company . He was arrested at the address on Tuesday afternoon at the request of American prosecutors . Under bail conditions he will be tagged and he has surrendered his passport and must live at the family home - keeping to a curfew of between 11 pm and 4 am at that address . His parents have also agreed to surrender their passports as part of the bail conditions . A full extradition hearing for Sarao has been set for August 18th and 19th , with a preliminary hearing on May 26th . Sarao 's family 's semi-detached house in suburban west London -LRB- pictured -RRB- , from where he traded . After his arrest earlier this week made headlines across the world , details of his life have been revealed by former colleagues . One of which told MailOnline today : ` He was a super human trader - we were in awe of his ability to make money . When he left Futex he took £ 2.5 million from his account with him . That was unheard of . ` We were all encouraged to set up offshore accounts . If he has as much money as people think then that 's where it 'll be . ' He is said to have ` loved making money , not spending it ' , and friend told MailOnline he would make £ 250,000 a day trading . Despite his alleged wealth he would travel to work late so he could buy off-peak tickets , only have lunch if he could find cut price sandwiches and shunned drinking in pubs for pints of milk at his desk . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .