Steven Davis believes the fact so many Southampton players worked under Mauricio Pochettino could give them the edge in this weekend 's vital match against Tottenham . The former Argentina defender last season led Saints to their best ever Premier League points tally during a memorable campaign at St Mary 's . Southampton fans ' goodwill towards Pochettino was soon eroded , though , as his departure to White Hart Lane proved the catalyst to an unparalleled summer talent drain . Steven Davis -LRB- pictured against Hull earlier this month -RRB- says Southampton have an advantage over Spurs . Davis ' assertions come as Mauricio Pochettino heads to Southampton for the first time since leaving . Despite that , just a point and a place separate Saints and Spurs as a remarkable season comes to a close , with a positive result for the hosts on Saturday enough to break the points record set last term . Victory would see Ronald Koeman 's men usurp Spurs in the standings and bolster their European chances , with Davis , one of many to have worked under Pochettino , well aware of what a ` big game ' this is for all connected to the club . ` The players never back away from -LRB- the fact this is a big game -RRB- , ' the Northern Ireland captain said . ` It 's nice to be in a position where we 're having big games at this stage of the season and there 's an importance on it . ` We 're looking forward to the game and hopefully we can bounce back and get the three points . ` It is great to be in a position where we 're still challenging for a European spot at this stage . ` We 've had a great season so far but we do n't want it to peter out , really . ` It 's about seeing it through and Saturday gives us an opportunity to pick up points against one of our nearest rivals . ' James Ward-Prowse celebrates after scoring for Southampton against Hull City . Tottenham are the only current Premier League side Southampton have failed to beat since their Premier League return in 2012 - a run Davis believes the players ' knowledge of Pochettino 's methods can help them end . ` Obviously we know how Mauricio works and how he sets up his teams , ' he told Southampton 's official YouTube channel . ` Hopefully that will be an advantage to us in terms of the players as we know a bit of background . ` Obviously it will be nice to see him as enjoyed some good times under him here , but we 're confident going into the game and looking to take the three points . ` The fans will hopefully get behind us as they always do . There will be an edge to the game with a returning manager , so it 's a game for everyone to look forward to . '