A Texas university that booked Matthew McConaughey as its May commencement speaker has broken the silence on the Texas-born actor 's speaking fee . The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university . Meanwhile , the statement says McConaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation , which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future . Got $ 135,000 : A Texas university that booked Matthew McConaughey as its May commencement speaker has broken the silence on the Texas-born actor 's speaking fee . The university initially balked at revealing McConaughey 's fee , citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency . However , the university says its business with the agency is now finished . ` The university has concluded its business with CTI and , therefore , is no longer bound by its confidentiality agreement with the agency , ' the university said in a statement . It was CTI , however , that initially opposed the disclosure after the Houston Chronicle filed a FOIA request concerning the fee -- which will be paid through taxes and tuition . The booking agency argued a ` reporter or someone ' might create ` unfair negatives online , ' the Chronicle reports . The university will also pay a 15 percent booking fee to CTI , or $ 20,250 . The university did not divulge the fees it 's paid to previous speakers , though it is not uncommon for schools to pay celebrities and other biog name speakers top dollar . According to the UH release , jk livin ` serves more than 2,000 students at 24 programs in California , Texas , Louisiana and Washington , D.C. ' ` I 've had the instincts to help since I was a kid , ' McConaughey says . ` I was raised that way . As a kid I was pushed to go give time in my community , and it felt good . You learn as a kid . ' The University of Houston is a public institution and one of Texas 's largest colleges . Officials there initially balked at revealing McConaughey 's salary but has since said a confidentiality agreement is no longer binding .