They call themselves the ` Thelma and Louise of Wellness ' and they 've taken mindfulness to the boardrooms of Australia . Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell , who between them have been more than three decades of life coaching experience , are teaching their Masterclass Of Wellness to CEOs and executives across the country . Skills such as dealing with stress , being aware of trains of thought , and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking , business and retail sector . ` Wellness in the past has all been about the zen ... But actually you can be wearing leather pants , and be zen , ' Shannah told Daily Mail Australia . Thelma and Louise of Wellness : Shannah Kennedy -LRB- left -RRB- and Lyndall Mitchell -LRB- right -RRB- are taking their Masterclass of Wellness : The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia . Breathe deep : They teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people 's every day lives . ` You can be groovier , you do n't have to be in your hessian pants because it 's got to be relevant for corporates , ' she added . The pair 's workshop , aptly named the Masterclass Of Wellness : The Boardroom Retreat , is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day . 1 . Create good habits that support you : Make sure you always have a ` reward ' built in to the habit for example when you go for a run allow yourself to walk the final few blocks home , or grab a coffee . 2 . Reset throughout the day : As a stress reset try and take three deep breaths feeling your belly move rather than your chest . Do this as often as possible so you 're building on an accumulative practice . 3 . Use your phone as a form of healthcare : Have your key values programmed into your phone to pop up each morning and let these guide your decisions . 4 . Set small sustainable habits : It 's the small things you do that have the biggest impact . Look at something you already do and how can you make that into a habit . For example using your commuting time effectively by listening to an audiobook . 5 . Set technology boundaries : Switch off at least an hour before you go to bed at night , and do n't check work emails until you 're at your desk and able to deal with them . It takes attendees through a number of self-reflective activities , asking them to identify their key values and areas where they would like to improve . Four mediation sessions are spread throughout the workshops , which are filled with facts such as 80 per cent of thoughts can be negative , and 98 per cent may be the same as the previous day . ` One in six staff members now suffer from a form of mental illness , whether it be stress , anxiety , depression or suicide , ' Shannah revealed . ` People do n't go and have a day off because they have the flu , they actually need a mental health day . ' Through their courses they work with executives and staff from organisations such as NAB , Macquarie Bank , PwC , kikki , K , Sportsgirl , Commonwealth Bank , Hewlett Packard and Mercedes Benz to help individuals and business be the most effective they can be . Asked whether there is any resistance to something that was once seen as ` hippie ' or ` new age ' , the women said they have not experienced any , but instead have been overwhelmed by the amount of people taking it on board . ` I 've found in a lot of corporates that 's shifting a little bit , because the consequence is too expensive for them ' Shannah revealed . ` When their staff blow up and their staff do get depressed and are away the cost of replacing them is too much , ' she added . Through their courses the pair teach different strategies and activities that can be implemented into daily life which stop staff ` burning out ' . Decades of experience : Shannah -LRB- left -RRB- has been a life coach for 15 years , while Lyndall -LRB- right -RRB- started her career in a wellness retreat . Crash and burn : Lyndall and Shannah help CEOs and executives avoid career burnouts and balance all elements of their lives . ` There 's all these different trains of thought in our mind , which train are you on ? ' Lyndall , who started working at a health retreat 22 years ago , said . ` Knowing that we have a choice because 80 percent of our thoughts can be negative , and 98 per cent can be the same as yesterday . ` We have 60,000-80,000 thoughts a day so that 's a lot of activity , so if you imagine you 're standing at a train station , that 's a lot of activity going on , ' she continued . Practices such as meditation and even simple reminders of priorities are taught to help people stay on top of their game . Shannah knows only too well the toll a demanding career can have on one 's health and wellbeing , and the implications of it crashing down around you . ` I studied coaching after having chronic fatigue after a total burnout in the corporate world , ' she revealed . ' -LRB- I -RRB- Studied coaching , coached athletes into retirement and then turned corporate , so I now coach CEOs , state managers , business owners and have done so for a long time , Shannah added . Creating good habits : The pair share a number of key tips which help staff take control of their lives and be the best version of themselves . Thelma and Louise : Shannah and Lyndall liken themselves to the duo from the 1991 film . Whereas Lyndall 's background is ` looking after type A achievers like Shannah ' . ` I grew up in a remote part of Queensland and ended up working at Camp Eden health retreat , which was two doors away from my family home . ` That cemented my passion for wellness so helping people overcome self-destructive behaviours , so alcohol addiction , drug addiction . ` But then I decided retreat experiences are fantastic but how do you integrate this back into the real world ? , ' Lyndall said . It was around this time that the women met in a park while out with their kids , and decided to combine their knowledge to make it accessible for a wider audience . Busy lives : As well as travelling teaching their masterclass , Lyndall -LRB- left -RRB- runs Aurora Spas and a training college , while Shannah -LRB- right -RRB- life coaches high profile athletes such as Brett Lee , but say they ` do n't do stress ' As well as travelling teaching their masterclass , Lyndall runs Aurora Spas and a training college , while Shannah life coaches high profile athletes such as Brett Lee , and executives such as the director of PwC , Cade Brow . ` We 've got the busiest lives you 've ever seen , but we do n't do stress , ' Shannah said . ` It 's just having the right skill set to support yourself ' . Some of the women 's other high profile clients include former Olympian Benita Willis , Founder and Creative Director of kikki.K Kristina Karlsson , and media personality Deborah Hutton . They also work with executives at Macquarie Bank and NAB - who they are about to embark on a national tour with , working with staff across all levels over the coming weeks . When it comes down to it , Shannah and Lyndall say they simply help people to be the ` best version of themselves ' . ` It 's about putting you back as the main priority , ' Lyndall said .