A pregnant Popeyes employee in Texas says that she was fired from her job at the fast food chain after being robbed and refusing to personally pay back the money that was stolen . Marissa Holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview on March 31 . A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter , forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $ 400 . However afterwards , Holcomb , shaken by the experience , was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job . Scroll down for video . ` I just had a gun to me . I 'm not paying the money ' : Marissa Holcomb - who is five months pregnant with her fourth child - says she was fired from Popeyes after $ 400 was robbed from her till and she refused to pay it back . She is pictured here with her husband -LRB- left -RRB- and some of her children . Robbery : A man armed with a handgun and his concealed with a red beanie held up the Popeyes in Channelview , Texas , on March 31 . Less than two days later Marissa Holcomb was fired . Hold up : The robber managed to get $ 400 cash from the till , which Popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register . They said it is not the first time Holcomb had got in trouble for not clearing the till . ` I just had a gun to me . I 'm not paying the money , ' Holcomb told KHOU . ` I do n't think it 's right because now I 'm struggling for my family because what I had to do to keep my life . ` I mean who 's gon na call me ? I 'm five months pregnant . ` The fact that I got robbed at gunpoint and it 's like nobody cares . ' Holcomb says she was fired less than two days after the incident . A Popeyes spokesman told KHOU that Holcomb was fired for having too much money in the till . They also said it was n't the first time Holcomb had n't cleared the till . Marissa Holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview on March 31 and then fired because of it . The spokesman said that if Holcomb was given the opportunity to pay the money back they were not aware of such a situation . However Holcomb claims she had done her job properly , and that it was an extremely busy night . The chain were offering a popular two piece chicken special for $ 1.19 on the night of the robbery . ` They got what they got because that 's what we made within one hour , ' she said . Scene : The robbery occurred at this Popeye 's in Channelview , Texas , east of downtown Houston .