It 's the $ 65 million crime thriller that claims to tell the true story of the most infamous and violent criminal in the history of South Boston , James ` Whitey ' Bulger . But ` Black Mass ' , the upcoming film starring Johnny Depp and Dakota Johnson , has already upset the families of some of Bulger 's many victims ahead of its release in September . Steven Davis , 57 , of Milton , and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister , Debra Davis , in 1981 , despite the jury returning a ` no finding ' verdict . Following the release of the first Black Mass trailer this week , Mr Davis told The Boston Globe he and his family are upset and offended that people will be profiting from their tragedy . Scroll down for video . Hurt : Steven Davis holds up a photo of his dead sister , Debra Davis , who he believes was murdered by Whitey Bulger in 1981 . His family are upset that Bulger 's exploits have been made into a move , Black Mass . First look : Davis spoke out following the release this week of the first trailer for Black Mass , which showed Johnny Depp for the first time as Whitey Bulger . Unrecognizable : In the trailer , Depp is completely transformed for the role . He looks several years older , with grey slicked back hair and his brown eyes changes to a grey-blue . Bulger pictured in a 1973 mugshot , right . Murdered : Debra Davis was the girlfriend of Bulger 's second-in-command , and Bulger allegedly killed her because he believed she knew too much about their crime ring , which involved corrupt cops . ` A lot of the families are very , very upset about this , ' Davis told The Globe . ` I do n't like it one bit ... . Everybody seems to be profiting off it . ` It 's sad for the movie industry , it 's sad for the actors . ' With Bulger 's reign of terror throughout the city from the 1970 's , Davis said it was too early to relive such atrocities . ` It 's too much hurt still going on , ' he told the newspaper . ` It 's still too new to the heart for people . ' Another major point Davis makes is that the film glamorizes Bulger , who was an FBI informant from 1975 to 1990 . ` He was a piece of -LRB- expletive -RRB- anyway , ' Davis said . ` The only reason he had the power to do what he did was because the FBI was protecting him . ` The movie industry and the actors , they 're the ones making the money . ` It 's another -LRB- expletive -RRB- slap in the face , that 's what we 're getting paid . Another slap in the face . ' Dead : Debra Davis was 26-years-old when she was killed in South Boston in 1981 . Hollywood portrayal : Black Mass , starring Johnny Depp , is based on the 2001 book , Black Mass : The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob , written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill . Debra Davis was 26-years-old when she died . She was the girlfriend of Stephen ` The Rifleman ' Flemmi , Bulger 's second lieutenant . Flemmi testified at Bulger 's murder trial in 2013 that he delivered Davis to Bulger to be killed . Flemmi had ` blurted out ' to his girlfriend about the arrangement he and Bulger had with John Connolly , the corrupt ex-FBI agent who enabled the Winter Hill Gang 's criminal activities for years . When news of this got back to Bulger , he decided she had to die , Flemmi testified . Flemmi said he was meant to kill Davis himself , but after luring her to a house in South Boston , he realized he could n't do it . That 's when , he claims , Bulger strangled her to death . After the killing , Flemmi testified , Bulger ` went upstairs and laid down ' while he cleaned up the crime scene , WGBH News reported . At his home outside Boston , Steven Davis holds a Magnum 357 bullet he says was given to him by Boston area gangster James ' Whitey ' Bulger in 1982 -- a gesture Davis perceived as a veiled threat from Bulger . They removed her clothes , wrapped her in a tarp and buried her in a makeshift grave . Flemmi said Bulger stood by and watched as he and some other associated dug the grave . However Bulger strongly denied killing Davis and was not found guilty . Black Mass is based on the 2001 book , Black Mass : The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob , written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill . The film also stars Joel Edgerton , Benedict Cumberbatch , Kevin Bacon , Peter Sarsgaard and Dakota Johnson . Bulger topped the FBI 's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011 . He had a long career of run-ins with the law , dating all the way back to when he was just 14 years old . In the early 70s , after spending nine years in prison for armed robbery and truck hijacking , Bulger returned to Boston and joined a prominent Irish mob in South Boston . Captured : Bulger pictured on the left in 2011 , after he was finally arrested after 16 years on the run . He is currently imprisoned in a maximum security prison in Florida . Depp on the right . As he became climbed up the rankings of the mob , Bulger was recruited in the mid 1970s to become an informant for the FBI , supplying the bureau with information on a rival crime family . Then in 1997 , Bulger was outed as an informant in newspaper reports and he went on the run when his own handler said he was about to be hit with an indictment . For the next 16 years , Bulger evaded law enforcement until he was finally caught on June 22 , 2011 at a Santa Monica , California apartment he shared with his longtime girlfriend . He went on trial two years later on 32 counts of racketeering , money laundering , extortion , weapons charges , and ties to 19 murders . He was found guilty on 31 of those charges in August and sentenced to two consecutive life in prison sentences in November 2013 . The 84-year-old is currently incarcerated at an all-male federal high-security prison in Sumterville , Florida . Jack Nicholson 's character in the Oscar-winning film The Departed is thought to be loosely based on Bulger .