Hector Bellerin is fast becoming seen by fans , and possibly even by his manager , as Arsenal 's premier right back , after impressing in the absence of Mathieu Debuchy . The young Spaniard scored his second Premier League goal , cutting inside and curling left-footed past Simon Mignolet , in the 4-1 win over Liverpool last weekend , and is developing a reputation as a player capable of becoming a top-level full back . But , it seems , in the dressing room , it is his status as the club 's premier sprinter , rather than as a defender , that is most in question , after he beat Theo Walcott 's 40 metre club sprint record last summer . Hector Bellerin scored a brilliant goal to put Arsenal ahead against Liverpool last weekend at the Emirates . Bellerin has emerged as a star player after filling in for the injured Mathieu Debuchy at right back this season . ` We were just having a test and then they told me I was the fastest at the club , ' Bellerin told The Telegraph . ` I did not beat it by that much . There was a bit of banter and he is trying to beat me now . ' Bellerin shaved a hundredth of a second off Walcott 's time , prompting the 26-year-old winger to vow to reclaim his title at the end of the season . And since then he has gone on to establish himself as a right-back of some promise , progressing well beyond Arsene Wenger 's expectations . ` I am happy that now , after not so good performances in the beginning , the coach has still put confidence in me and given me minutes . Bellerin has exceptional pace , as he proved in August when he set a new Arsenal record over 40 metres . Theo Walcott had previously held the record , but Bellerin shaved one hundredth of a second off his time . But Walcott is determined to take his record back from Bellerin this summer and be speed king again . ` The chances always come through injuries , which is not a nice thing . Now we are going to have Debuchy back and I am happy for him , but when you get your chance , you need to do the best you can . I have done my best to take this opportunity . ' With Debuchy on the verge of match fitness , Bellerin will soon find out whether he has done enough to grab that opportunity . But after his brilliant goal at the Emirates stadium last weekend , one thing is for certain - he is no longer known just for being quick over 40 metres .