Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain . Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office . No wonder her male rivals are terrified . While in 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership -- a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a Krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes -- today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks . Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- left in 2001 ; right in 2015 -RRB- is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain . Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office . In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership -- a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a Krankies -LRB- above -RRB- haircut and orthopaedic shoes . Her outfit made the male leaders ' dark suits seem as old as their arguments . She also eclipsed Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood -LRB- too feminine -RRB- and the Greens ' Natalie Bennett -LRB- too hemp -RRB- . THE HAIR . 2001 : I really do n't trust a woman who says she does n't have time to go to the hair salon , apply make-up , or steam the creases from her trousers ... Now : Gone is the fright wig , and in its place is a chic , choppy , youthful but not frivolous , golden halo of Princess Diana-like loveliness -- a ray of sunshine that says this woman means business . She has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks . THE ACCESSORIES . 2001 : No one except the Queen looks good with a brooch , seen here as a last-minute addition to stop its wearer appearing too bland . Now : Simple stud earrings and an under-stated watch avoid too much frivolity . I 'd like her to carry a bag though . THE DIET . 2001 : I can hear female voters muttering , ` She did n't have time to get her hair done , but she certainly found time to eat ! ' Sturgeon appears slow-moving and complacent . Now : I can hardly believe this is the same woman : she appears confident , fit , and full of dynamic energy . Here , Sturgeon is all womanly curves and upright posture . THE OUTFIT . 2001 : This grey , rather Maoist trouser suit by Debenhams looks like an outsize school uniform . Shapeless , boxy and designed to shroud rather than flatter , it is the ultimate wallflower 's wardrobe choice , not a style statement for a parliamentary candidate who wants to be noticed . Now : The Queen knows a bright colour means she can be spotted easily , and I love this spring green -LRB- new leader , new shoots ! -RRB- outfit by British label Hobbs : a silk and cotton blend jacket , £ 189 , and a print dress , £ 149 . The length is spot-on , while bracelet sleeves stop a jacket becoming too masculine . THE SHOES . 2001 : These are the sort of shoes m & s does so well : navy , square and comfortable . We do n't want our politicians to be comfy , we want them to suffer ! Sturgeon resembles a double-glazing salesperson at the annual works do . Now : While somewhat passé in fashion circles , thanks to the Duchess of Cambridge , the flesh-nude LK Bennett court shoe is nevertheless an eternally flattering choice that elongates the leg and emphasises a slender ankle .