Nine council workers have been sacked for inappropriately accessing confidential social work files on tragic toddler Mikaeel Kular . The three-year-old was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya , who beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days before hiding his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods . She then told police the boy had wandered off , sparking a huge manhunt before eventually leading officers to the body near Kirkcaldy in Fife , in January last year . Scroll down for video . Victim : Fife council workers looked at Mikaeel Kular 's -LRB- left -RRB- confidential files after he was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya -LRB- right -RRB- . Police Scotland probed the claims and an internal investigation was launched by Fife Council last year when up to 25 staff were alleged to have accessed confidential social work files belonging to the youngster . It has now been revealed at least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action and subsequently dismissed after looking at documents relating to the high-profile case without permission . Adekoya , who had frequently left her children home alone to go to nightclubs and take cocaine , was jailed for 11 years in August last year but could be free within seven . She repeatedly beat her son before putting his lifeless body in a suitcase and leaving it in woodland behind her sister 's home . Investigations found her internet history included searches ` I find it hard to love my son ' , ` I love all of my children except one ' , ` why am I so aggressive with my son ' and ` get rid of bruises ' . Five thousand local residents signed a petition protesting against the failure of prosecutors to pursue a murder charge against her . Social services were also widely criticised for failing Mikaeel after it emerged he was twice taken into care by social workers . At the time of the trial , the court was told how Fife social services monitored Adekoya and her young family until December 2013 -- the month before Mikaeel 's death . Tragic : Scores of tributes were left near to the youngster 's home in Edinburgh following a massive search to find him . Grim discovery : The three-year-old 's body was found in woodland behind his auntie 's house in Fife . However , Adekoya was not on the radar of social workers in Edinburgh , despite having moved to the Scottish capital . Craig Munro , Executive Director of Education and Children 's Services at Fife council said : . ` We have a clear internal process for dealing with discipline issues and we do n't comment publicly on the individual circumstances of staff . ' A seperate investigation into whether Mikaeel 's death could have been prevented is due to be published in a matter of weeks . Police Scotland said they would not be taking the matter further . A spokesman said : ` No criminal complaint had been made so we consider it an internal matter for Fife Council . '