Police have dropped an investigation into a vicious assault on a huntsman just three months after it took place -- despite a wealth of evidence pointing to the identity of a suspected attacker . Last night the victim , Mike Lane , 40 , who was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes , condemned the decision by police as ` pathetic ' . He said : ` They could have made more effort . Everyone is very disappointed . I 've been told that unless further evidence comes forward , the attackers are not likely to be found . We find it pathetic . ' Attack : Mike Lane ,40 , who is joint master of the Tedworth Hunt , on the ground during the confrontation with hunt saboteurs . A video of the incident and a dossier of evidence , including some names of saboteurs and their car registration numbers , was given to Wiltshire Police after the assault . The attack at Everleigh , near Amesbury , took place even though the 30 riders and their hounds were chasing only an artificial scent , rather than a fox . During the incident , Mr Lane , who is joint master of the Tedworth Hunt , was sent flying to the ground , before being kicked in the head . He was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth and his face was swollen . Since the attack he has suffered memory loss . The face of the thug who kicked Mr Lane was captured on video . Following the attack , Wiltshire Police issued the suspect 's photograph , although he has not been identified . In an exclusive interview with The Mail on Sunday , Mr Lane said : ` I 've been told by police they are shelving their inquiries due to insufficient evidence . It 's angered us because we gave them evidence . I 'm beginning to lose my trust in the police . ' Wiltshire Police confirmed they had stopped the investigation pending further information , but their failure to identify , charge or prosecute anyone involved has dismayed hunt supporters across the country . This is the face of the main suspect . On the day of the attack , January 24 , about 15 protesters sprayed hounds with the perfumed chemical citronella to distract them from the scent . Mr Lane said : ` I noticed they parked about 250 yards away . Then five came towards us . They were looking for trouble -- it was a hardcore element we 'd not seen before . ` They were abusive and then one spat at me and then punched me in the face . A scuffle broke out and I slipped and one started kicking me in the head , stamped on me and the heel of his steel toe-capped trainer stuck in my mouth . I was knocked out for a few minutes . Then the chap started swinging a rope with an iron bar . ' Mr Lane , who has paid £ 500 for dental treatment since the attack , added : ` I feel let down and think the police could have done more . ' Karen Fieldsend , 42 , who made the call to police , is furious that the case has been dropped . ` It 's disgraceful , ' she said . ` If you had people assaulted in a city centre , something would be done , but in the countryside people forget about it . ' James Cameron , 53 , vice-chairman of the Tedworth Hunt , added : ` Their decision is disappointing , but this highlights how difficult it is for police to do their job when saboteurs turn up wearing face coverings . ' The Countryside Alliance is campaigning to ban saboteurs from wearing a face covering so criminals can be brought to justice . Last night a spokesman for Wiltshire Police said : ` We have been unable to move the inquiry further forward . At this stage the case has been recorded as undetected , however should other evidence come to light then it will be re-opened . '