A 100-year-old New Jersey man killed his 88-year-old wife with an ax while she slept before he went into the bathroom and committed suicide with a knife , according to authorities . Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a ` history of domestic issues , ' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli . Molinelli said a motive for the apparent murder-suicide on Sunday night had not yet been determined . 100-year-old Michael Juskin allegedly killed his wife Rosalia , 88 , with an axe while she slept before he committed suicide with a knife on Sunday night . Visibly upset neighbors gathered in front of their Bergen County , New Jersey house on Monday morning . Prosecutor John L. Molinelli said the couple had a ` history of domestic issues ' but that a motive had not yet been determined . A relative discovered the bodies on Monday morning . A relative , who was not inside the home at the time of the killings , discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police , according to authorities . Michael Juskin is one of the oldest people ever to be accused of homicide , according to NorthJersey.com . Neighbors were visibly upset as they gathered in front of the Juskins ' home . Dorota Biskup , 42 , told NorthJersey.com that police had been to the couple 's house a few times in recent years . Elmwood Park Police Chief Michael Foligno confirmed Biskup 's claim , but would not provide further details . Biskup also claimed that Michael Juskin had mental problems and that the couple 's daughter had asked her mother to move home . ` The daughter was saying `` Mom come to me because we know he 's not stable , ' '' Biskup told CBS New York . A relative told NorthJersey.com that Michael had been suffering from dementia and said he sometimes was n't lucid . Neighbor Carole Lynch described Rosalia as a ` very sweet lady ' and said Michael was ` not well ' . Lynch said Rosalia had wanted to live in Florida full-time , but her husband wanted to keep their New Jersey home . One neighbor said police had been to the couple 's home a few times in recent years , a claim Elmwood Park Police Chief Michael Foligno confirmed .