A controversial US pastor has defended trying to buy a $ 65million private jet with worshippers ' donations and responded to critics by claiming ` the devil is trying to discredit ' him . Reverend Creflo Dollar , 53 , launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate ' $ 300 or more ' so that he could purchase a Gulfstream G650 to replace his current damaged aircraft . The wealthy televangelist , who is known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes , came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work . Scroll down for video . Defends private jet appeal : Reverend Creflo Dollar has defended trying to buy a $ 65million Gulfstream G650 with worshippers ' donations by claiming ` the devil is trying to discredit ' him . The appeal : This notice was posted on the church 's website , pleading for donations so that Dollar could ` continue reaching a lost and dying world for the Lord Jesus Christ ' . It has since been taken down . Dollar , who is one of the most prominent African-American preachers in the United States , launched the private jet appeal via a five-minute video on his website . Shortly afterwards , he shut the website down but worshippers could still donate to the cause via the World Changers donation site which remains open . In a newly posted five-minute clip on YouTube , the Atlanta-based pastor responded to his critics saying : ' -LRB- The devil thinks -RRB- I got to discredit that man before he starts showing people Jesus ! ` I 'm on my sabbatical , and the enemy 's trying to discredit me . I never one time came to you and asked you for a dime for this airplane , did I ? Damaged : Dollar says the church 's current plane , bought in 1999 , is broken and needs to be replaced , or he will be unable to continue working around the world . ` The -LRB- critics -RRB- do n't know what we do . That 's why they asked the question , what does a preacher need with an airplane ? If you knew what we did , then you would n't ask that question . ` Just because the world does n't have it , does n't mean that you ca n't . ' Dollar is the head of the World Changers Church International , a Christian ministry centered around the prosperity gospel , which preaches that God wants to bless the faithful with earthly riches . His original appeal for the Gulfstream G650 - which claims to be the fastest plane ever built in civilian aviation - was so that ` World Changers Church International can continue to blanket the globe with the Gospel of grace ' . A Gulfstream G650 can fly 18 passengers and four crew members , according to gulfstream.com . The jet comes with two Rolls-Royce engines , high-speed Internet and two multichannel satellites and allows for a four-and-a-half-hour commute from New York to Los Angeles . ` The G650 is the biggest , fastest , most luxurious , longest range and most technologically advanced jet -- by far , ' according to the site . Among the billionaires who own a Gulfstream G650 are Steve Jobs ' wife Lauren Powell Jobs , Wynn Resorts CEO Steve Wynn add Nike co-founder Phil Knight . There is a long waiting list for the aircraft , with the next round of planes not due until 2017 . Couple : Dollar and his wife , Taffi -LRB- pictured together -RRB- were married in 1985 and have five children . Wealthy : Dollar and his family primarily live in this multi-million dollar in Fayettville , Georgia , south of Atlanta . According to the Creflo Dollar Ministry 's website : ` The ministry 's current airplane , was built in 1984 , purchased by the ministry in 1999 and has since logged four million miles . ` Recently on an overseas trip to a global conference , one of the engines failed . ` By the grace of God , the expert pilot , who 's flown with Creflo for almost 20 years , landed the plane safely without injury or harm to any passengers . ' The Christian Post first reported that Dollar insisted that he needs the jet to continue sharing the word of Jesus . He preaches all over the world , but primarily works out of a 8,500-seat amphitheater in Atlanta called the ` World Dome ' , sending the sermons to churches all over the country via satellite . The website pledge continued : ` Believe it or not , there are still millions of people on this planet who have never heard of Jesus Christ and know nothing of His greatness . ' Arrested : The Reverend was charged in 2012 for allegedly attacking his teenage daughter . ` Our hearts desire to see precious lives changed and snatched out of darkness and thrust into His marvelous light ! ` We need your help to continue reaching a lost and dying world for the Lord Jesus Christ , '' the appeal continued before asking supporters of the ministry to sow a $ 300 seed into the airplane fund , billed Project G650 . ' According to Financial Juneteenth , a Report of the Senate Finance Committee , Minority Staff Review of WCCI , found that Dollar 's current jet had also been used for a variety of vacation flights , including stops in Las Vegas , Nevada , Miami , Florida and Hawaii , citing Federal Aviation Administration figures . Dollar has refused over the years to disclose his salary , but has an estimated net worth of $ 27 million . He has five children to his wife , Taffi , who he married in 1985 . In June 2012 , his 15-year-old daughter called 911 , saying her father repeatedly punched and choked her at their Atlanta home . The teenager also said it was n't the first time something like that had happened and that she felt threatened living in the house . Dollar was arrested and charged with family brutality and juvenile cruelty . The charges were later dropped , but he was required to complete a three-month anger management program . At his next sermon , two days following the arrest , Dollar spent several minutes addressing the incident , starting with : ` I will say this emphatically : I should have never been arrested . ' Dollar has strenuously denied the accusations , saying it was a family argument with ` heightened emotions ' . The goal : Dollar wants a $ 65million Gulfstream G650 business jet , a plane favored by billionaires that bills itself as the fastest plane built in civil aviation . Influential : Dollar is the head of the World Changers Church International , a Christian ministry centered around the prosperity gospel , which preaches that God wants to bless the faithful with earthly riches . Dollar 's wife Taffi has been known to introduce her husband at his sermons . During her address , she claims Dollar comes ` face to face with God , like Moses ' . She also includes an admonition saying that ` every tongue that rises up against ' -LRB- Dollar -RRB- ` will be struck down ' , Financial Juneteenth reported . The World Changers Church International -LRB- WCCI -RRB- has about 30,000 constituents .