Facing trial : Adam Deacon -LRB- pictured outside court in January -RRB- , 32 , allegedly sent abusive tweets including a death threat to the Kidulthood writer . A Bafta-winning Kidulthood actor sent abusive tweets including a death threat to the film 's writer because he thought he was trying to ruin his career , a court heard today . Adam Deacon , 32 , of Bethnal Green , east London , appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the 2006 movie 's writer Noel Clarke on Twitter . A number of abusive tweets were sent from Deacon 's account to Mr Clarke 's account from March 5 to December 19 , Hammersmith Magistrates ' Court in west London was told . Tom Gill , prosecuting , said : ` He -LSB- Deacon -RSB- referred to Mr Clarke as a bully and blamed him for trying to ruin his career . Mr Clarke said that in 2010 he viewed Mr Deacon as a friend and after this point they fell out over work . ' Referring to the Twitter posts directed at Mr Clarke 's account , he added : ` In some cases they amounted to some death threats . ' The court heard how ` Mr Clarke provided screenshots of the posts to the police ' . Mr Gill added : ` On December 4 he was given an official formal harassment warning by police and this was delivered in person . Despite this he continued to post messages to Mr Clarke . ' Last month the actor was sectioned under the Mental Health Act after being charged with possession of a machete in public . Police were called on January 6 to reports of a man in Bethnal Green allegedly armed with a ` machete ' style knife and threatening members of the public . The Babylon actor missed his appearance at Thames Magistrates ' Court in east London last month and the court heard he was ` not well enough to attend ' the hearing . ` Abusive ' : Deacon -LRB- left , posing with the Rising Star Award he won at the Baftas in 2012 -RRB- was in court over allegations of harassment against screenwriter Noel Clarke -LRB- right -RRB- . Daleks : Mr Clarke -LRB- left -RRB- in Doctor Who as Mickey , with Billie Piper as Rose and David Tennant as The Doctor . Today , wearing a blue hooded jacket , blue Nike Air trainers and blue chinos , Deacon , who also appeared in the film Ali G Indahouse , looked emotionless as he listened to the proceedings . Deacon won the Bafta Rising Star Award in 2012 for his work on his directorial debut , Anuvahood . Adam Deacon in the 2011 film Anuvahood . Deacon started acting as a child , and appeared in TV shows like Bill 's New Frock , The Bill and Ali G Indahouse . He made his breakthrough as Jay in Noel Clarke 's cult film Kidulthood , about the lives of several teenagers growing up on some of London 's most deprived estates in Ladbroke Grove and Latimer Road . Deacon appeared in Mr Clarke 's 2008 sequel Adulthood , and won the Bafta Rising Star award in 2012 for directing the urban comedy Anuvahood -LRB- above -RRB- . He last appeared on TV screens in 2014 as Robbie , an unstable police firearms officer in Danny Boyle 's satirical police drama Babylon , featuring James Nesbitt . Towards the end of the hearing , Deacon asked magistrate Anne Elias if it was possible to move the date of the trial closer . He said : ` When I do acting they wo n't insure me until the trial is done . I 've lost out on a lot of work because of it . ' After consulting with other members of the bench , she replied : ` I 'm afraid we 're stuck with that date , we do accept it 's not ideal for you . We agree a date of this trial for July 20 . ` You need to be back here in Hammersmith Magistrates at 9.30 am . I do need to warn you that if you fail to attend on that date at that time that there may be a further charge against you for which you can be imprisoned . In the mean time you are on conditional bail . ' The magistrate added that Deacon - who stood in the dock - was ` not to contact Mr Clarke or incite any of his family or friends , not to put anything on social media that is related to him . ' She said that he is ` not to enter Kensington and Chelsea and to continue to live and sleep at the address that you have given to the court ' . She asked Deacon : ` Are you clear on what this involves ? ' He replied : ` I am . ' Deacon denies harassment without violence and is due to next appear in Hammersmith on July 20 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .