More than 70,000 people across the world have signed a petition demanding McDonald 's remove spikes that deter the homeless from sleeping outside one of its restaurants . The fast food giant has caused fury after installing metal studs outside its branch in Leeds city centre , which critics say are there to stop people sleeping rough . McDonald 's has defended the use of the spikes , claiming they were installed two years ago in an attempt to stop anti-social behaviour , not target the homeless . Uproar : A petition has been started to get the spikes removed from outside this Leeds McDonald 's and 70,000 have backed the campaign . But critics say they have been put in because they are uncomfortable to sleep on and installed on areas which used to be benches . Isobella DeMartino set up the petition to have them removed and has received support from across the globe . Row : Critics say the spikes were installed to target the homeless but McDonald 's say it is only about anti-social behaviour . ` Anti-homeless spikes show complete disregard and lack of respect for homeless people who struggle every day , ' she said . ` Spikes have been installed , presumably to prevent people sleeping there . ` The fact that the spikes exist shows how little people care about homeless people . ' She added : ` Every time I 'm in Leeds I see many ignore homeless people , not even bothering to smile at them let alone try to help them or give charity . I can not imagine how painful and lonely it must be to be homeless . ` They deserve our attention and care , this issue can not be ignored . ' A spokeswoman for McDonald 's said : ` The studs in question are not an ` anti- homeless ' measure , as has been suggested . ` They have been in place for around two years and were introduced Following discussions with the police , in response to issues we were experiencing with antisocial behaviour . ` We welcome all customers through our doors and it is inaccurate to suggest a measure taken in response to tackling antisocial behaviour , is an attempt to deter homeless people . '