Why buy a fishing boat , when you can make one out of household furniture ? Auckland coastguards have had the shock of their life after receiving an alert that about 5 homemade ` boats ' were taking part in an annual fishing event on Sunday . The attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car . Scroll down for video . Auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw aSubaru take to the water . The race also saw a couch strapped to a few tyres and being pulled along by a dingy . Coastguards took to the water near Gulf Harbour , off Auckland 's Whangaparaoa Peninsula after receiving a call out about the event from a member of the public . One vessel capsized just outside of the harbour , causing three people to have a bit of a paddle , however no one was injured . The voluntary rescue unit , Hibiscus Rescue and North Shore Rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved during the event . Coastguard Hibiscus took to their Facebook to post their surprise at the unique vessels . ` These guys and gals were having a great time today ! ' they wrote . ` It was great to see everyone wearing lifejackets ! Not sure who won the fishing comp ? ' A video was also released by the coastguard showing two men on a dodgy dingy being transported back to the shore . Hibiscus Rescue and North Shore Rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved . One vessel capsized outside of the harbour , however besides getting a bit wet , no one was injured . The men can be heard yelling ` safety first , safety first , ' before throwing was appears to be a beer can at another vessel . According to the New Zealand Herald , the event has been happening for years and is aimed to spread positivity through the community . An attendee who asked not to be named said that safety was always paramount and the strong winds at Army Bay were monitored . ` It 's all about people building boats . These guys have spent a year restoring boats and we 've had a lot of positive feedback from the community . It 's 100 per cent positive , ' he said . ` We 're just locals , just mates , having a good time . ' The travellers were issued with a warning by police but no charges were laid .