A New York-based documentary photographer has spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression , sadness and silence in a moving photo essay . Vincent Cianni , 63 , said he embarked on the project , Gays in the Military , to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with ; voluntarily signing up for a system that did , and in many ways still does , oppress them . ` It seems I spent most of my life uninterested in knowing about the military because I supported peace , the fight to end violence and injustice , and the sanctity of life , ' the photographer told Vice . ` I could n't understand why anyone would join the military , much less why gay people would join the military , an organization that shunned them . ' Pieced together , Cianni 's photos show commonalities between the subjects despite their different journeys , from a 92-year-old WW2 veteran to young soldiers who recently returned from Afghanistan . Many were discharged because of their sexuality , others were raped , assaulted and bullied , causing ongoing psychological damage . A major turning point for gay people in the military came in 2011 with the overturning of Dont Ask Do n't Tell -LRB- DADT -RRB- , a discouraging policy signed by Bill Clinton in 1993 that continued a ban on gay soldiers enlisting , but stopped investigations and ` witch hunts ' into whether soldiers were gay . The bill was designed to protect the soldiers by keeping their sexuality a secret , however it forced them into the closet and further internalized their struggles . Gay and in the military : Zachary Werth -LRB- left -RRB- , says he was discharged from the Army National Guard in 2010 because of his sexuality , while his boyfriend , Dustin Hiersekorn -LRB- right -RRB- left the Marine Corps due to medical reasons . They are one of the couples who appear in Gays in the Military , a stunning photo essay by Vincent Cianni documenting the stories of homosexual soldiers . Veteran : Paul Goercke , of San Francisco , is a World War II veteran who served in Okinawa , Hawaii and Saipan , said there was ` no evidence of gay life ' when he enlisted with the Merchant Marines when he was 18 . ` The person I was dating was older than me and had been in the Navy quite a bit longer . She grew up under the old regime where there were active witch hunts to catch gay people in the act to get them out . I learned that culture and I was terrified the whole time I was in , ' says Heather Davies -LRB- left -RRB- , of Round Rock , Texas . She was a lieutenant in the US Navy from 1989 to 1998 . Togetherness : Matt McCary -LRB- right -RRB- was arrested in 2000 after being singled out by a fellow airman . He was discharged from the US Air Force within five days . David Cochenic -LRB- left -RRB- received Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal , and Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal . The two were photographed in Orange Park , Florida . ` I was eighteen when I joined the United States Marine Corps in 1989 . Because it was pre-Don ' t Ask , Do n't Tell , the questions were asked about sexual orientation . I already knew I was gay , but I was consciously trying to suppress it , ' says Eric Alva , of San Antonio , Texas . He was the first US military casualty in Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2004 . ` I wanted to think about kissing her , but I tried very desperately to force it out of my mind . I became obsessive about running and dieting ; the more I exhausted my body , the less energy I would have to think about that , ' reveals Debra Fowler , of Lowell , Massachusetts . She was a Korean linguist in the US Army from 1986 to 1988 . ` I 'm like everybody else . I have a job . I have a career . I want the same things : a home , family , everything else . I 'm not any different . ' Don Bramer , of Washington , DC , a Lieutenant O-3 in the US Navy , says . He has served since 2002 and is still serving . Before DADT , which was enacted in 1993 , homosexual behavior was considered a criminal offense within the military . ` In many cases , the people I interviewed and photographed had no recourse to their discharge , ' Cianni said . ` At times , their entire record of serving in the military was expunged as if it never happened . ` Participating in the project served to regain their dignity and their history of serving . ` During the interviews they revisited difficult experiences , sometimes experiences they had forgotten about . ` It was an emotional catharsis for many of them . ' Gays in the Military was published by Daylight Books in May 2014 . It is archived at the David M. Rubestein Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Duke University and is available as an exhibition and multi-media installation . ` I was three years old the first time I had a sexual experience with my grandmother . That continued until I was 17 years old . When I was eight years old , my stepdad and step-granddad started sexually abusing me , and in rather horrible ways . I 'm PTSD from Vietnam . I also have cancer from Agent Orange exposure . I 've been HIV positive since 1987 , full-blown AIDS since 1994 , and I have Hepatitis C since 1989 . Dying is not my responsibility ; it 's part of nature . I recognize not all battles can be won , ' says Bert Bares , of Houston , Texas . He served three tours of duty in Vietnam - receiving numerous commendations including the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star . ` I left the Navy to be with someone . It would not have worked out well . I would have been faced with periodic deployments given my specialty , and -LRB- my partner -RRB- did n't like the deployments , so I decided to leave . It 's difficult to hide a gay relationship . When you 're single , the fifth senior officer on the ship , and always being the one who shows up alone at formal functions , it 's difficult to maintain a charade . I grew accustomed to the fear of what would happen if I were caught . But I also knew that if something did happen , I would not ever admit that I was gay , ' Larry Baxley says . The Washington , D.C.,-native resigned from the Navy in 2005 . ` As far as actually getting into a real gay relationship , that did n't come until the military . In the Officer Basic Course there was an attraction between me and another woman but it never became a whole lot ; the circumstances were not right . When I was at Fort McClellan was really when I started acting on my sexuality . When I left McClellan , I went to Fort Ritchie and had a relationship with the company commander . I was the executive officer . We had a relationship only until she was reassigned , ' says Nancy Russell , of San Antonio , Texas . She is a retired Lieutenant Colonel of the US Army . ` I experienced one major relationship with a Navy lieutenant from Arkansas . He was very good in the bed department . I took him home to meet my parents . One time he was staying with us in the country and he told me he was getting married ; it was a girl he 'd known all his life . It upset me ; it came too unexpected , ' Will Chandlee revealed . He was pictured in Philadelphia . He joined the U.S. Marine Corps in 1945 . He is a World War II veteran . ` My mother signed for me when I was 17 . The papers came and the last two questions on the form had to do with , `` Have you ever engaged in sexual relations with a person of the same sex , yes or no ? '' And if yes , `` Were you the active or passive partner ? '' And then they defined sodomy , ' says Travis , of Chicago , who joined the Navy in 1963 . ` When Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell went away , it felt like a weight lifted off my shoulders . I used to joke with my family that I 'm going to need counseling after I retire because I would n't have to be in the closet . I am beginning to feel all the years of not being me coming to a head . Sometimes the tears fall and I ca n't stop them , ' says Joanna Gasca , of Surprise , Arizona . She joined the Air Force in 1983 . ` In 1968 , everybody was in the closet , inside the military or outside the military . If you were found out , shipmates would throw you overboard just on general principle . If you lived , you were dishonorably discharged . You were ruined because in those days you could n't ever get a job doing anything with that kind of discharge , ' says Danny Meyer , pictured in his apartment in the Bronx , New York . He joined the Navy in 1968 . ` I felt an attraction to men ever since I was five years old , but I 've always wanted to serve . Being in the military was a way for me to make a better life for myself , ' says Charles A. Maxwell , of Decatur , Georgia , who joined the Air Force in 1985 . ` I have been gay all my life . I realized that this was something that I held within myself . I did n't tell anybody what I was feeling . I just kept it inside , ' revealed Ray Chism , of the Bronx , New York . He was discharged on suspicion of being homosexual in 1984 .