A high school student in China has spent three years literally shouldering the responsibility of ensuring that his physically disabled best friend gets to all his classes . 18-year-old Xie Xu met his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi when the pair began attending school together at Daxu High School in Xuzhou , a large city in the northern province of Jiangsu , in China . Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . 18-year-old Xie Xu -LRB- left -RRB- carries 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi -LRB- right -RRB- to school each day . Xie , who stands at 1.73 meters tall and weighs 75 kilos , decided to carry his friend around the school 's campus to make sure he was able to attend all of his classes . ` The story of the two students is so inspiring and touching . They are n't family , but -LSB- Xie -RSB- has been doing this for three years , ' Guo Chunxi , the vice-principal of Daxu High School told a local media outlet . The teenagers live in dorms close by to the school , and each day Xie carries Zhang from their rooms to the school , and back again , and helps him with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes . Every now and then , Zhang is helped by Xie to the cafeteria for his breakfast . Zhang -LRB- in blue jacket -RRB- suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . Each day Xie -LRB- in black jacket -RRB- carries Zhang from their rooms to the school , and back again . Both young men are hard-working students and are at the top of their class at their high school . Xie said that he carries his friend back and forth between classes , around the school , and their dorm about a dozen times each day . Both young men are hard-working students and are at the top of their class , and are looking forward to their future studying in tertiary education . ` He 's the most beautiful student . He also exerts positive influence on other students , who readily help Zhang . With their assistance , Zhang has never missed out on one single class , ' the vice-principal said . Xie helps Zhang with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes , and occassionally helpes him to the cafeteria for his breakfast .