A film-mad woman got her picture perfect proposal when her fiancé proposed to her on the big screen of a cinema . Fabio Lovato , 30 , created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for Fast and Furious 7 showcasing pictures from where they met in Australia . The one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words , ` Laura I have a questions for you ' . Scroll down for video . Fabio Lavato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in their local Cineworld in Gloucester . Fabio then got down on one knee in the Cineworld in Gloucester and popped the question to his shocked girlfriend Laura Knight , 29 . Italian-born Fabio , who now lives in Quedgeley , Gloucester with Laura , says that he always knew he wanted to marry Laura . He said : ` It was love at first sight for me . I always knew she was the one and I wanted to make sure the proposal was extra special . ` Lots of people propose at restaurants so I just thought it would be great to do it at the cinema where a video could be played on the screen and she would be completely surprised . Fabio created a video showcasing pictures of their time together followed by the words ` Laura I have a question for you ' that was played at the end of the trailers of Fast and Furious 7 . The film included pictures from their time together in Australia , 2013 , where the couple met . ` It was absolutely amazing and I am so glad she said yes . ' The pair met while Laura was backpacking around Asia , ending up in Australia , and Fabio was working in the country . Laura says she had no idea that Fabio was planning to propose - especially not in the cinema . She said : ` The trailers finished and these pictures of Australia started to play . ` I thought it must be an advert at first but the song was one we were introduced to over in Australia and it is not well known over here - they would n't have used it on an advert . ' Pretty soon Laura , a deputy manager at a dental practice , clicked that there was something suspicious about the ` advert ' . Fabio has lived with Laura , pictured together , in Quedgeley , Gloucester , since last year . The pair are both big film fans so the cinema acted as the perfect location for the proposal . ` The pictures kept playing and I began thinking to myself they looked familiar . ` The next thing I know it was a giant picture of myself and then a picture of us as a couple . ` That 's when I thought `` oh my God '' - I was over whelmed . He got on one knee and everyone started clapping . ' Fabio , a hospital record clerk , had been planning the event for two months , talking to Laura 's parents , the cinema , friends and colleagues . The proposal took meticulous planning with Fabio waiting until he was alone to make the film so that Laura would n't notice . Despite the pair being massive film buffs Laura was too excited to stay and watch the rest of the film , but says it was the perfect proposal . Although Laura loved the proposal she says she does n't rate Fast and Furious . ` I thought it was amazing . I have a love for films myself . We share that , both having a passion for films . ` For him to do it like that meant a lot . Although it was n't personal in terms of people being there , it was personal to me , because of the way he did it . ' Although Laura was completely overjoyed by the proposal she admits that Fabio 's choice of film was questionable . ` The fact that the cinema let us do it was amazing . There is no connection to the film though really , it was just what was showing at the time . ` I would n't rate Fast And Furious in my top 10 . It was a big film though and completely sold out . ` I 'm glad it was n't Cinderella because it would have just been children . Luckily , no popcorn came my way . ' The couple are now in the process of planning their wedding , although no date has been set .