Hillary Clinton 's ` Everyday Americans ' video has been given an 18 rating by a Russian television network - because it features two men holding hands . Dozhd TV , an independent network , fears the video launching Clinton 's White House bid may fall foul of Putin 's ` gay propaganda ' laws - which allows the imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18 . Clinton 's video not only features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson , from Chicago , Illinois , holding hands , but talking about their up-coming wedding . Restricted : A Russian television network has given Hillary Clinton 's video an 18 rating because it features a gay couple , who are planning a summer wedding , holding hands . Equality : Jared Milrad -LRB- pictured right -RRB- and his fiancé Nate Johnson , were delighted to be included in the video , saying it showed off the changing attitudes of the U.S. Milrad 's voice is heard in a voiceover saying : ` I 'm getting married this summer to someone I really care about . ' The inclusion of the segment has won widespread support , and highlights Clinton 's own stand on equality . Milrad himself has said he was overjoyed to be part of the Clinton roll out - and part of a large-scale change in U.S. social attitudes . ` It shows how far we 've come , ' said Milrad , a 31-year-old lawyer and social activist , pleased that public support for same-sex marriage rights has grown so far as to appear in a presidential campaign launch . But it is at odds with Russia 's view on LGBT rights , which have become increasingly restrictive during Vladimir Putin 's presidency . However , Dozhd , an opposition network , told ABC News it had acted before being instructed by the Russian government . If they had aired it without the warning , the company could have faced a fine of as much as £ 13,200 under 2013 's gay propaganda laws . Dozhd is not the only company to take preemptive action like this : in March , Ikea pulled its online magazine IKEA Family Live , which ` demonstrates various aspects of home life regardless of age , gender , sexual orientation ' . The Swedish retailer decided to remove it as there was a risk ` some material in our magazine can be considered as propaganda ' . Backwards : But while the U.S. may be becoming more inclusive , Russia has recently been putting in place more repressive laws as the government becomes increasingly anti LGBT rights . Fine : Opposition television network Dozhd decided to give it the rating to avoid getting a £ 13,200 fine . Differing views : Putin -LRB- left -RRB- and Clinton -LRB- right -RRB- are on other sides of the divide when it comes to LGBT rights - with the former First Lady being a staunch supporter of equality . But it is not just the U.S. and Russia as countries which are at odds with each other : Putin and Clinton hold very differing views personally as well . Speaking in 2014 , Putin claimed there was a need to ` clean up ' homosexuality in Russian order to drive up the country 's birth rate , and defended the country 's right to pass such a law . The Russian leader - who claims he has gay friends - has gone as far as to link gay people to pedophiles in the past . Meanwhile , the same year Putin signed the gay propaganda law into being , Secretary of State Clinton had publicly come out in support of gay marriage . ` LGBT Americans are our colleagues , our teachers , our soldiers , our friends , our loved ones , and they are full and equal citizens and deserve the rights of citizenship - that includes marriage , ' she said in the video . ` I support it personally and as a matter of policy and law . ` Like so many others , my personal views have been shaped over time by people I have known and loved , by my experience representing our nation on the world 's stage , my devotion to law and human rights , and the guiding principles of my faith . ' Clinton also has a lot of support within the LGBT community , with the nation 's largest lesbian political action committee launching Lesbians4Hillary to support her bid for the White House . Lesbians4Hillary , co-chaired by pioneering tennis great Billie Jean King , said : ` Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the LGBTQ community . '