Forget stumbling into the kitchen in the small hours and waiting for milk to heat up with a screaming baby on your arm . A self-warming bottle that heats up in 60 seconds is among the latest gizmos designed to make new mums ' lives easier . While muslin squares and cotton wool have been go-to products for mums for generations , gadgets on the market in 2015 include a machine that makes ` shushing ' sounds to ` break the cycle of crying ' and biodegradable nappies which do n't clog up landfill . Scroll down for video . The new royal baby could be clad in eco-friendly biodegradable mull-cloth as opposed to disposable nappies . Pippa Middleton , left , is said to have bought the biodegradable nappies for her new royal niece or nephew . Pippa Middleton is among those embracing eco-friendly nappies and is said to have invested in £ 4-a-piece mull-cloth nappies for her sister the Duchess of Cambridge ahead of the birth of the new royal baby . Shoppers in Geneva , Switzerland , have reported seeing Pippa buying the nappies , which are made of natural fibres and are popular in Europe . While re-usable and biodegradable nappies are easier on the planet and will no doubt get Prince Charles ' seal of approval there is also a wealth of products to make parenthood easier - whether you 're royal or not . Yoomi 's self-warming baby bottle promises to gently warm a baby 's feed to the natural temperature of breast milk in just 60 seconds , meaning there 's no need for Wills to even get out of bed when helping with night-time feeds . And if they 're having trouble settling the baby and need to resort to the pushchair the royal couple can pace around the grounds of Kensington Palace in safety thanks to Buggi Lights flashing ladybirds , which clip on to the pushchair 's chassis and come with white forward facing and red rear facing flashing lights - just like a car . There 's no need to get cold hands while trying to get the baby to sleep either : Mummy Mitts attach to the handle bars of the pushchair , meaning you can take your hands out while the mittens remain attached . Headlights for the pushchair and a baby ` shusher ' are among the latest gadgets for mums ... ... or why not try mittens that attached to the pushchair or a giraffe to rock the crib ? Koo-di 's spout protector is also among the list of products you never knew you needed , stopping baby touching hot bath taps and protecting against bumps , with heat spots that change colour to indicate temperature . When it comes to bedtime the Baby Shusher puts an end to pacing round the living room for hours on end : with rhymic ` shush ' sounds the device can be programmed to make 15 minutes or 30 minutes of continuous shushing . And if that does n't work patent-pending Gerry the Giraffe attaches to car seat , cribs and baby bouncers to rock the baby for up to 30 minutes - just enough time to get your nails done . But if baby is n't sleeping because they 're poorly look no further than the Spilly Spoon , a non-spill medicine spoon which promises to administer medicine without spilling it first . A self-warming bottle and a spout protector are other gadgets on offer . The Spilly Spoon is designed to look like a caterpillar and administer medicine without spilling it . ` There 's a mind-boggling array of infant devices on the market , but just because something exists does n't mean that anyone actually needs it , ' Justine Roberts , CEO of parenting website Mumsnet , told MailOnline . ` For first time parents , it 's almost impossible to predict which baby products will turn out to be essentials and which will gather dust in the cupboard . Feeding : muslin squares . Sleeping : Moses basket . Clothing : Babygros , scratch mittens . Medicine : Gripe water , Calpol . Toys : Fisher Price Chatter Telephone . ` One family will find that a multi-purpose travel system fits in perfectly with their needs ; another may realise that all they need for transport is a sling . ' And what would Sister Julienne , Call the Midwife 's profoundly practical chief midwife - or your Granny - have to say ? While there 's no doubt many of today 's modern gadgets can make life easy for new parents , when it comes to babies there are some things which have transcended time . Muslin squares , scratch mittens and Babygros still feature on ` must have ' hospital bag lists , and many new mums come home from hospital and place their bundles of joy in Moses baskets . ` Our users also find that talking to other parents - about what you do and do n't need to buy , how to budget , and the realities of day-to-day finances with an extra mouth to feed - is priceless , ' says Mumnet 's Roberts .