It is a decade to the day that Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan 's lives were changed forever after being arrested for the Bali Nine drug smuggling operation . Friday is also Sukumaran 's 34th birthday which could well be his last as the pair contemplate the prospect of facing a firing squad on Execution Island in Java . The talented artist 's birthday is being marked in London where his cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings at the Amnesty International headquarters . Meanwhile , the pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates . Myuran Sukumaran has put all of his energy into his art while spending 10 years in Kerobokan jail . His cousin Niranjela Karunatilake is currently holding an exhibition of his artwork in London . Sukumaran -LRB- left -RRB- and Andrew Chan -LRB- right -RRB- await their fate on Execution Island in Java - exactly a decade after they were arrested . The pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin , taped to the bodies of young mules , on April 17 , 2005 , and sentenced to death . Since they were refused clemency earlier this year , their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation over the past decade . Chan is now a pastor and Sukumaran a painter , and both had a hugely positive impact on fellow inmates at Kerobokan jail . Sukumaran 's skill and love for his art grew as he was mentored by well-known Australian artist Ben Quilty - who has also led the charge in the mercy campaign to save the pair 's lives . Painting has proven a great sense of solace for Sukumaran during his time in jail and has even run art classes for fellow inmates as part of the drug rehabilitation program that he set up with Chan . His cousin , Niranjela Karunatilake , last visited her cousin on death row in February . Niranjela said it was : ' just too sad to think that could be his last birthday ' . ` The death penalty is never the answer and I do n't believe it deters crime , but in Myu 's case , when he has done so much to repent and improve prison conditions , it would be a real tragedy if his life was cut short , ' she said . ` We are not asking for Myu to be freed , all we ask is for mercy , that he keeps his life and continues his positive impact on the Indonesian prison system and other inmates . ' Friday is also Sukumaran 's 34th birthday which could well be his last as the pair contemplate the prospect of facing a firing squad on Execution Island in Java . Karunatilake said his skill has developed over the past four years and she can see him finding himself in his paintings . His cousin Niranjela said it was : ' just too sad to think that could be his last birthday ' Sukumaran 's skill and love for his art grew as he was mentored by well-known Australian artist Ben Quilty - who has also led the charge in the mercy campaign to save the pair 's lives . Their Melbourne barrister Julian McMahon visited the men last week , and says they are well . As he waits for the constitutional court to respond to a new bid to challenge the clemency process , Mr McMahon recalls the court 's 2007 recommendation on the death penalty . While it upheld its constitutional validity , the court recommended that death row prisoners who showed rehabilitation after 10 years had the option of being re-sentenced to a fixed term . ` There 's absolutely no doubt my two clients have done a heroic job in reforming themselves and many others , ' Mr McMahon said . ` I see that as an opportunity to enliven the constitutional court jurisprudence . ' President Joko Widodo refused clemency to the men citing a ` drugs emergency ' but has the authority to reverse the decision . No date has been fixed for the executions of the Sydney men and eight other drug offenders , but officials say they 're considering a date after the Asian African Conference ends on April 24 . ` We are not asking for Myu to be freed , all we ask is for mercy , that he keeps his life and continues his positive impact on the Indonesian prison system and other inmates , ' Niranjela said . Sukumaran taught inmates how to paint as part of the drug rehabilitation program he set up with Chan . Niranjela said her cousin has done so much to repent and improve prison conditions , it would be a real tragedy if his life was cut short ' `` It 's clear painting has been a vital comfort for him on death row , ' Niranjela said . ` I hope people will come to see the exhibition next week , and think of Myu and let Indonesia know that there are people all over the world calling for mercy ' : she said .