A Tory councillor with a history of odd behaviour was told to put down his knife and fork after being caught tucking into a roast duck dinner during a council meeting . Jonny Bucknell , 58 , was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a Labour rival , Theo Blackwell , spotted him and alerted other councillors . He was forced to put down his cutlery when the mayor , Lazzaro Pietragnoli , interrupted the proceedings to tell him off . Taking a stand : Jonny Bucknell is no stranger to odd behaviour . In 2013 he slept in his car at the Tory party conference . He now says he wants a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner at council meetings . The mayor , who was chairing the meeting of Camden Council in north London , reminded the hungry councillor that eating was banned in the chamber . But the angry diner claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden and said he now aims to campaign for a rule change . The rumpus comes a month after Liberal Democrat councillor Martin Elengorn was caught playing Scrabble during a Richmond Council budget meeting in south-west London . Telling off : Mayor of Camden Council , Lazzaro Pietragnoli , had to tell Mr Bucknell to stop eating . When he first noticed him eating , Mr Blackwell told his fellow councillors : ` It appears that one of our Tory colleagues is consuming a full Sunday roast dinner in the council chamber . ` Could I ask the borough solicitor to give us advice on eating a full roast dinner in the council chamber ? It 's a little bit more than a cheeky Snickers . ' The diner was forced to curtail his meal . Mr Bucknell , who has been a councillor for more than ten years and represents Belsize , Hampstead , told the Evening Standard : ` I never knew there was a ban on eating in the chamber . ` They should definitely repeal it . There is nothing wrong with nibbling from a lunch box if you are being discreet . ` It is not as if a cold meal is going to waft around like a McDonald 's . ` I will be campaigning for the repealing of the law that says you ca n't nibble from a lunch box in the council chamber . ' The Conservative councillor said the meal , in a plastic box , had travelled home with him after a French snowboarding holiday . ` The chalet always brought out too much food and I ca n't stand wasting food , ' he said . He previously found fame when he slept in his Volvo car to save on hotel bills during the Conservative party conference in September 2013 . Mr Bucknell said at the time it was to make a stand against what he called ` ridiculous prices ' . He said the economy would improve if more people were thrifty like him . After the council meeting mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli said : ` I understand councillors do a difficult job and sometimes do n't get time to eat dinner . ` I also tend to be quite flexible , but having a big meal in front of him - that was a bit too much . ' A Camden Council spokesman said : ` It is as the mayor said , standing orders say that members should not eat in the chamber . ' No eating : The Camden Council chamber where Councillor Bucknell was forced to curtail his roast dinner .