Porto will need to hit top form to advance against five-times champions Bayern Munich on Tuesday despite holding a 3-1 first leg advantage in their Champions League quarter-final , coach Julen Lopetegui said on Monday . The Spaniard warned Bayern remained lethal even though they were missing several big names including Arjen Robben and David Alaba . ` We have to produce a great performance against one of the greatest teams in the history of Bayern , ' Lopetegui , whose team are unbeaten in the competition this season , said . Ricardo Quaresma , who scored twice for Porto against Bayern Munich , smiles during training on Monday . Porto manager Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress against Bayern Munich . ` I am expecting a superb Bayern team , regardless of who they will end up playing and we are prepared for what will happen . ' Bayern are also without Javi Martinez and Mehdi Benatia , while winger Franck Ribery looks set to miss the game with a nagging ankle injury . Germany captain Bastian Schweinsteiger returned to team training on Monday but he is also doubtful to start having been out for weeks with an ankle injury and a subsequent virus . Bayern are chasing a treble of titles and their fourth straight Champions League semi-final appearance . Twice winners Porto have not reached the last four since winning the trophy in 2004 . Lopetegui had the luxury of resting nine players who had played against Bayern in their 1-0 league win over Academica on Saturday . ` We need to put everything we have planned into practice , ' said the coach , who was a former Barcelona and Spain team mate of Bayern coach Pep Guardiola . Bruno Martins Indi -LRB- left -RRB- and Vincent Aboubakar -LRB- right -RRB- lead the way as the Porto squad warm up in Munich . Juan Quintero stretches for the ball at the Allianz Arena as Jackson Martinez -LRB- left -RRB- and Quaresma watch on . Porto will be without suspended Danilo and Alex Sandro but Jackson Martinez , who made his comeback from injury against Bayern and scored their third goal and Ricardo Quaresma , who scored the other two , are looking in fine form . They also have defender Ivan Marcano back from suspension . ` It will be a very difficult task but we will try to find simple answers , ' Lopetegui said . ` We like the idea of playing Bayern , who are one of the best teams in the world . We can not think about what could happen , we must focus on the game tomorrow and try to give the answer on the pitch , ' he said .