Tragic : Olivia Bazlinton , 13 , and Charlotte Thompson , 14 , died after being struck by an express train . The families of two teenage girls killed by a train at a level crossing have been shut out of a meeting where they planned to challenge Network Rail bosses over their bonuses and passenger safety . Olivia Bazlinton , 13 , and Charlotte Thompson , 14 , died when an express train hit them at Elsenham station , Essex , in December 2005 as they set off on a Christmas shopping trip . The friends had been using the station 's unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to Cambridge when they were struck by a through train bound for Stansted Airport . An inquest returned verdicts of accidental death -- but it later emerged that crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to the coroner , leading to allegations of a cover-up . Network Rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined £ 1 million over the deaths . However , campaigners say too many dangerous crossings still exist in rural areas -- despite a Network Rail closure programme -- and that ` excessive ' bonus payments to executives totalling hundreds of thousands of pounds are not justified . The girls ' parents had planned to raise their concerns at a meeting in London last week organised by Network Rail 's Public Members , a watchdog whose role is to hold the taxpayer-funded body to account . However , their request to attend was turned down . Last night the girls ' fathers , Chris Bazlinton and Reg Thompson , said in a statement : ` Bonus payments were made to Network Rail executives even after failures in regard to safety at level crossings , resulting in many deaths , including those of our daughters . ` We had hoped that Members would challenge Network Rail on these issues and ensure action to improve safety at level crossings is speeded up . The Network Rail governance structure is seriously flawed and not fit for purpose . ' Network Rail , which receives a £ 4 million annual subsidy from the taxpayer , does not have shareholders . Instead , its activities are scrutinised by a panel of about 30 individuals , appointed by independent assessors for three-year terms . Fatal accident site : Olivia Bazlinton , 13 , and Charlotte Thompson , 14 , were fatally struck Elsenham station , Essex , in December 2005 . Last year , chief executive Sir David Higgins , who has since left the company , saw his basic £ 591,425 salary boosted by a £ 67,919 bonus , while network operations chief Robin Gisby , who has also left , received a £ 47,641 bonus on top of his £ 380,275 salary . In total , the firm 's bosses received £ 250,000 in bonuses last year . A Network Rail spokesman said : ` The tragedy at Elsenham was a watershed for this company and the way it approaches safety at level crossings , and members of the families have played a pivotal role in this . As a result ... level crossings in Britain are among the safest in Europe , but there is still much that can , and will be done to make them safer still . ' David Porter , co-ordinator of the Public Members , said : ` The decision not to invite the families to the workshop was ... in no way influenced by Network Rail . The Members are independent but their role is limited and they are not involved in the day-to-day running of the company . '