The Muslim couple who were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train are ` hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a little baby boy who moved from Pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in Australia . As NSW police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is ` definitely ' under way into Wednesday 's incident , friends of Hafeez Batthi , 33 , and his wife , Khalida , 26 painted a picture of the Islamic couple as ` committed ' members of the community in Brisbane . The family regularly attend the Holland Park mosque , community spokesman Ali Kadri said , and they are raising a newborn baby son , Mohammad , in the country which they are grateful to call home . The couple were in Sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an Airport Line train on Wednesday afternoon . Stacey Eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as ` ISIS terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple . Scroll down for video . Abused on the train : Young parents Hafeez Batthi , 33 , and his wife , Khalida , 26 , have been described as ` hardworking , honest and kind ' by members of the local Islamic community . Not going to take it anymore : Stacey Eden -LRB- pictured -RRB- made a bold stand in defence of a Muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon . ` Stacey thanks again for your support for us on that day ... I generally believe that you and many other Australian do respect all religions , ' Mr Bhatti posted . Now , in an extraordinary act of gratitude , the Brisbane couple 's mosque in Holland Park has offered Ms Eden and her partner an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the Gold Coast for a night and to see their mosque . Ms Eden , a blood collector for a pathology company who was born and bred in Sydney 's eastern suburbs , said she was planning to consider the ` lovely ' offer after the overwhelming wave of international media attention passes . Mr Bhatti told Daily Mail Australia he was shocked by the ugly incident , which occurred on the Airport Line train around 1:40 pm on Wednesday . ` She asked my wife why she was wearing a scarf when it was hot outside - when my wife answered her I thought the woman was asking to be friendly , ' Mr Bhatti said . ` Then she started saying Muslims like us are trying to conquer Australia and behead everyone here . We were absolutely shocked . ` It was just very disappointing . ' Mr Bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman , and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home . ` She said all Muslims should be kicked out of Australia - I tried to calm things down by telling her we love everyone , ' Mr Bhatti said . He also said his wife was ` very shaken up ' after the incident , to the extent she questioned if it was worth staying in Australia . Hafeez Bhatti , who was racially abused along with his wife on a Sydney train , thanked the woman who stood up for them . Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack , which was caught on camera , to come forward . ` Stacey thanks again for your support for us on that day ... I generally believe that you and many other Australian do respect all religions , ' Mr Bhatti said on his Facebook account . ` This sort of thing has happened before , but you try to ignore it and the ignorant people behind it ; there are lots of very good people in Australian and only a few bad ones , ' he said . ` God bless Stacey Eden who supported us . ' Mr Bhatti reached out to Ms Eden on his Facebook page after the story emerged . ` Stacey thanks again for your support for us on that day ... I generally believe that you and many other Australian do respect all religions , ' Mr Bhatti posted . Ms Eden was scheduled to meet police on Friday afternoon and detectives were attempting to contact Mr and Mrs Bhatti . On Wednesday afternoon , Mr Bhatti vented his frustrations with the attack , when he posted : ` once again , victim of racism by an old Christian lady . ' He also discussed the events and said it started after the woman touched his wife 's head like she was blessing her , before ` she started her ignorant comments ' . Rant : Video shows this woman launching into a fiery spray about Islam , bringing up beheadings and the marriage of children while berating a Muslim woman for wearing a black headscarf . Ms Eden , who recorded a snippet of the conversation , fired back at the woman in defence of the Muslim couple -LRB- above -RRB- : ` Have some respect ... What 's that got to do with this poor lady ? ' In her recording of the incident , Ms Eden is heard fuming : ` She wears it -LRB- her hijab -RRB- for herself , OK ! ' ` She wears it because she wants to be modest with her body , not because of people like you who are going to sit there and disrespect her . ' Ms Eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded ` all Muslims ISIS supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf . Ms Eden was not having a bar of it . ` That is not her doing it . That is a minority of people . Not a majority of people OK ? ` It does n't matter what they 're doing ... Have some respect , have some respect , ' she said , as the woman continued on her tirade . ` It does n't matter . It does n't matter . What 's that got to do with this poor lady ? What 's that got to do with her ? ' ` She was saying some pretty horrible and hurtful things before I spoke up then as soon I started defending them she stopped ' The Muslim couple told Stacey Eden -LRB- left , right -RRB- that they were ` very grateful ' for her stand . ` Nothing , ' the ranter replied . ` Exactly ! ' Ms Eden fired back . ` You 're the one who started the argument ! ' the woman said . Ms Eden then instructed the woman to be silent . ` No , you 're the one sitting there saying things under your breath , shut your mouth , simple . ` You shut your mouth , ' the woman replied . ` No , you shut your mouth . You 've got nothing nice to say , do n't say anything , simple . ' Ms Eden recorded a short snippet of the incident - not the whole alleged tirade - on her phone , ending with the passenger telling her to ` breathe ' . She told Daily Mail Australia the Muslim couple and the angry woman alighted the train at Sydney International Airport . Ms Eden told Daily Mail Australia the couple alighted the train at Sydney International Airport . ` I missed my stop because I wanted to stay on and make sure they were OK , ' said Ms Eden , who was on her way home to Mascot . ` I missed my stop because I wanted to stay on and make sure they were OK , ' said Ms Eden , who was on her way home to Mascot . Ms Eden said the woman was saying ` horrible and hurtful things ' . ` She told me if I was in their country I would have been stoned to death because I was wearing a dress . ` I missed my stop because I wanted to stay on and make sure they were OK , ' said Ms Eden , who was on her way home to Mascot . ` She was saying a lot of things I just got to the point where I had heard enough . ' The Muslim couple were ` very grateful ' for her stand , she said . Police and Sydney Trains have not yet received any reports of the incident . The Islamophobia Register Australia group issued a statement praising Ms Eden 's actions shortly after Daily Mail Australia 's report . ` We are heartened by Stacey 's actions - she is a reflection of ` Team Humanity ' and we hope that her actions inspire others to stand up against racial or religious vilification , ' it said . The group said they were disappointed by the remarks of the woman in the video . ` The sentiments expressed by the woman however sadly form part of the broader false and deeply damaging narrative whereby the criminal actions of groups like Daesh -LSB- Islamic State -RSB- are extrapolated to all 1.5 + billion Muslims ' . The group 's founder , Mariam Veiszadeh , told Daily Mail Australia incidents of abuse against Muslim women were becoming increasingly common . `` I 'm very conscious of ensuring that I have sufficient storage space on my phone to ensure I will be able to record incidents should I either be the victim in an incident -LRB- or a witness -RRB- , ' she said . A hijab-wearing woman told the ABC last month she was subject to a physical and verbal assault on a Sydney train , with a man allegedly shoulder-charging her and hitting her with his bag and leg . Mariam Veiszadeh -LRB- pictured -RRB- , a lawyer and public advocate for the rights of Muslims , says incidents such as these are increasingly common . ` I 'm very conscious of ensuring that I have sufficient storage space on my phone to ensure I will be able to record incidents should I either be the victim in an incident -LRB- or a witness -RRB- ' Mariam has been the target of racist attacks herself . ` It was a fully crowded train but nobody said anything . People were just listening . I know they were scared , ' Hina said . As for Ms Eden , she told Daily Mail Australia she was already overwhelmed by positive comments she had received online , having posted the video just yesterday . ` Good on you for sticking up for whats right more people should be doing the same , ' wrote punter Rachel Lambert . ` Well I do n't know you but thank you , thank you for understanding , ' said Shahiq Sarkar . Overwhelming response : Ms Eden has been bombarded with positive comments since the video appeared online . ` I hope some day when you need help and are boxed in a corner someone as bright as you is there to support you just like you did for those poor souls . ` We really need to look for the best in people and understand that its a few rotten apples who try to spoil the lot . ` All the best wishes for you . ' One comment even asked : ` RU single ? Lol ' . Do you know more ? Daniel.Piotrowski@mailonline.com .