The Revered Al Sharpton appeared on Sunday in North Charleston and is expected to attend a vigil for Walter Scott , the black driver who was fatally shot by a white police officer after he fled a traffic stop . Rev. Sharpton preached at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church and addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation during his sermon . Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance and South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak . Scroll down for video . The Revered Al Sharpton delivered a sermon and addressed the Walter Scott situation on Sunday morning . North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey -LRB- left -RRB- , Police Chief Eddie Driggers -LRB- center -RRB- and Sharpton ` discussed the Scott shooting ' on Sunday before the reverend spoke at Charity Missionary Baptist Church in South Carolina . Sharpton wrote on Facebook : ` Joining us this morning is Mayor Keith Summey , Sheriff Al Cannon , Senator Marlon Kimpson , SCLC Leader Michael Steele , North Charleston Police -LSB- Chief -RSB- Eddie Driggers , and Assistant Police Chief Reggie Burgess . ' The officers and elected officials listened ` intently ' to what Sharpton had to say as he gave credit to Mayor Summey for firing Michael Slager , the officer who killed Scott , according to the Post and Courier . During the sermon , Sharpton said : ` When he 's wrong ... we protest . ` When he 's right , we should have the same courage to say he 's right . ` Let us use this hour to not only change what 's going on in North Charleston . ` North Charleston , that 's known as a place of intolerance , can be the place that could set a new tone in policing all over the United States . ` Maybe now between a southern white mayor and a forgiving black mother , maybe this nation will deal with this . ' The civil rights leader is also expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the Scott shooting on Sunday afternoon . Sharpton denied Scott 's family barred him from attending his funeral on Saturday because it would cause a ` circus ' of media attention . Allegations that Scott 's family wanted nothing to do with Sharpton were published by the New York Daily News . In response , Sharpton said : ` There has never been a discussion about me attending or participating in the funeral on Saturday , since everyone knows that -LSB- National Action Network 's -RSB- convention with thousands of delegates is happening in New York and does n't end until Saturday night . ' Scott 's casket was wrapped in an American flag at a funeral home in Summerville , South Carolina , on Saturday . Scott -LRB- left -RRB- was killed by Michael Slage -LRB- right -RRB- . Scott , 50 , was in the Coast Guard for two years , and is pictured while in his uniform . Slager is being held in jail on murder charges and that is the 33-year-old 's prison mugshot . Judy Scott wipes her eyes as she looks at her son 's casket during his burial service in Summerville yesterday . Hundreds of mourners attended the funeral for Scott , 50 , on Saturday in Summerville , north of North Charleston where the shooting took place . Sharpton remained in New York where his National Action Network was wrapping up its national convention . Slager , 33 , the North Charleston officer who fired eight times at Scott 's back as he fled from a traffic stop , has been charged with murder and dismissed from the police force . Slager pulled Scott 's black Mercedes-Benz over for a broken tail light . Video from the dashboard camera in Slager 's police cruiser recorded a respectful exchange between the two men before the officer returned to his patrol car . A few minutes later , after being told by Slager to stay in the Mercedes , the man emerged from his car and ran off . Scott , who was apparently unarmed , had a history of arrests for failing to pay child support . A cellphone video taken by a bystander showed the men in a brief tussle before Scott ran off again , Slager fired his gun and Scott slumped into the grass . There was a gap between the two videos , however , as the officer was not wearing a body camera . Scott 's shooting was one of the latest in a series of killings that have stoked a national outcry over police use of force against African Americans . Last year , the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man in Ferguson , Missouri , and choking death of a black man in New York City triggered a wave of demonstrations across the country .