A university undergraduate has claimed that the cost of trying to study in London left her with no other choice than to turn to prostitution . As renting in the capital soared to an average of more than £ 1,100 per month , the second year history and politics student who attends a London university told how she took up sex work -- even visiting some clients at their workplace . Speaking through the English Collective of Prostitutes ' , the woman -- who asked to remain anonymous -- spoke after a research project revealed more than a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the sex industry . A University student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . The survey conducted by the University of Swansea further revealed that nearly five per cent of them had actually worked in the sex industry . The young woman said that she did n't immediately turn to prostitution but used it as a last resort after conventional means of work failed to support her . She said : ` I started working after my first year and tried various part time jobs : in a coffee shop , a pub and as a waitress . None paid enough . ` The student loan did n't cover even my housing , let alone living expenses , food , books and travel costs . ' She added that money worries meant she began to struggle academically as well as financially . ` I had trouble keeping up with course work , especially if I worked evenings . ` For example at the pub , I 'd earn £ 7 an hour for an eight hour shift , two nights a week , so I 'd bring home about £ 100 weekly . ` I 'd just moved to London from the north of England . My family are not well off , so can not afford to help me much . The student says that traditional means of earning failed to cover the cost of living in London . ` I did n't know anyone in London so when I moved here it was starting from scratch . ' Initially she lived in student accommodation in the city but says that working as a prostitute enabled her to afford somewhere better . ` It was an overcrowded , noisy flat with other students , ' she said of her halls . She moved into her own home after she began to advertise her services . ` I could afford a place of my own . I advertise through a website and have regular clients . ` I visit them at home , in hotels and occasionally at their workplace . ' Despite sex work not being an ideal situation the student says that it had been beneficial towards her studies . ` It is flexible and fits around my course . ` I can work the hours I want to and scale back around exam time or if I have extra course work . ' The woman heard about sex work from other students who had also been looking for a way to earn extra money . ` In my first year at university I started hearing about students turning to sex work , ' she said . ` After a time I met someone on another course who 'd been working as a stripper in a bar . ` Through her I met another student doing escorting , she clued me in , said where to advertise , and how to avoid bad clients and work safely . ` She gave me the English Collective of Prostitutes ' Rights sheet which tells about the laws and how they work . Although her new means of earning have enabled her to continue studying in London the woman says she does not particularly enjoy her work . ` My biggest worry is about being arrested because if I get a criminal record it would stay with me for life . It would be massive obstacle to getting other jobs . ' However she remains adamant that this is the best option for her after seeing other friends trying alternative routes . ` Sex work is far batter paid and suits my time more than any other work I know of . ` Friends at university are working 10 hour shifts for under the minimum wage . Others are working on zero hour contracts and never know how many hours they will get . ` Sometimes they get none at all so it is very hard to budget and pay bills . ` I know students who 've dropped out and left courses due to financial pressures . ' However she is well aware of the risks she is taking and says she takes appropriate precautions to avoid being found out . ` Mostly students doing sex work do n't talk about it . If it comes out , it could affect your future and job prospects . ' The student 's story may seem like a rare case but she says that it is become more regular practice in universities : ` Since I started escorting I 've heard that a former roommate exchanged sex with her landlord to cover the rent . ` Another woman I know worked as a part time sex worker to earn enough to travel home to visit her family . ` Sex work among students is much more common than people think , and it is likely to increase as long as fees , rent and the cost of living is so high . '