Manchester United 's stars trained in the sunshine on Friday as they put together their final plans for their Premier League showdown with rivals Manchester City . Wayne Rooney , Ander Herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action as Louis van Gaal oversaw their preparations for the huge derby on Sunday afternoon . Also back in action was striker Robin van Persie , who has returned to training after getting injured defeat at Swansea in February . Manchester United players train in the sunshine ahead of their game against Manchester City on Sunday . Manager Louis van Gaal -LRB- left -RRB- oversees the action as captain Wayne Rooney runs with the ball at Aon Training Complex . Goalkeeper David de Gea -LRB- left -RRB- , winger Angel di Maria -LRB- centre -RRB- and striker Radamel Falcao in training action . Striker Robin van Persie could return to the fray after being declared fit to play against Manchester City . Falcao -LRB- left -RRB- and Antonio Valencia -LRB- second right -RRB- look in high spirits as they prepare for the derby . United go into the clash against City ahead of them in the Premier League table for the first time since the Sir Alex Ferguson era , and victory at Old Trafford could see them move four points clear of Manuel Pellegrini 's side in fourth . With seven games to go , the two Manchester sides are battling out with Arsenal for second place in the Premier League , and hoping to stave off any potential surge into the Champions League positions from the likes of Liverpool and Tottenham , who linger in fifth and sixth respectively . City have won on their last three visits to Old Trafford - the famous 6-1 in 2011/12 , 2-1 in 2012/13 and 3-0 last season - which is a run Rooney and Co will be desperately hoping to bring to an end . Captain Rooney leads the way in training as he runs drills through some cones in the sunshine on Friday in Manchester . Dutch boss Van Gaal watches on as he prepares his side for his first Manchester derby at Old Trafford . -LRB- Left to right -RRB- Rooney , Ashley Young , goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard and Michael Carrick have a quick breather . -LRB- Left to right -RRB- Di Maria , Juan Mata , Falcao , Marcos Rojo and Ander Herrera were among the Manchester United stars on show . Manchester United 's captain was the last player to score a winner for Manchester United at home to their rivals , striking a stunning overhead kick past Joe Hart in a 2-1 win on 2011 . You play for Man United , you want to win these derby games , ' Rooney told MUTV . ` We want to give United fans something to smile about when they go to work on Monday morning , we want them to be the ones to be able to give out the banter to Manchester City fans at work . ` I think it 's a very important game for Manchester United and Manchester City ... for the fans and , for me , it 's a massive game of pride . ' Rooney -LRB- centre -RRB- was the last player to score a winner for Manchester United against rivals City at Old Trafford in 2011 . Left back Luke Shaw will be hoping for a recall for the clash after returning to fitness in recent weeks . Spanish midfielder Herrera will be hoping to continue the fine form that has seen him become one of United 's key players recently . While midfielder Ashley Young is also desperate to bring an end to their wretched recent run against Manchester City . He said : ` We know it will be tough but as long as we can play the way we have shown , especially in the last few games , and add to that , it 's going to be a great game and hopefully we will get the three points . ` We want to keep the momentum going and the positive play . It would be nice -LRB- to finish above City -RRB- but we are just taking each game as it comes . It is obviously going to be another tough one against City next week but we will prepare as well as we can do as we always do . '