A teacher at a Louisiana high school arrested on suspicion of having sex with a 15-year-old freshman two years ago has admitted to the relationship and apologized for ` taking the victim 's innocence , ' according to an affidavit . Amber Anderson , 27 , has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge . She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile . Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013 . Amber Anderson , 27 , arrested on suspicion of having sex with a 15-year-old freshman two years ago has admitted to the relationship and apologized for ` taking the victim 's innocence ' The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim 's mother , reports WAFB . The woman confronted her son who admitted to the relationship and told detectives that he and Anderson had exchanged sexually explicit text messages and later allegedly had sex at her home . According to the probable cause affidavit , the pair began texting each other after he got her phone number from another student . The victim told police that as time progressed , ` he and -LSB- Anderson -RSB- became extremely close to one another , and the messages began to become sexual in nature . ' The victim and Anderson then began to exchange nude photos of each other and began having sex in July 2013 . He would walk to a fast food restaurant near his house and Anderson would pick him up . She would take him to her house where they would have sex . The victim told police this happened multiple times in July and August of 2013 until his mom found out they had been exchanging text messages . He had deleted most of them , so the affidavit says she was n't aware of the ` intimate nature of he and the accused 's relationship . ' According to Christian Life Academy 's website Anderson began teaching at the school in 2012 , is from Laurel , miss . , and attended Mississippi State University . Concerned over what she had seen , the mother confronted Anderson and told her to stop texting her son . The mother also reported the texts to the school 's administration . Dr. Jere Melinni , a pastor and founder of the school , has denied any knowledge of the mother 's 2013 complaint . ` I do not know anything about this . This is the first day that I have heard anything of this nature , ' he told WAFB . ` We would have taken care of it then and she would no longer have been working for us that day I heard . ' Police have checked the boy 's cell phone records from the time of the alleged affair and found most of the calls and text messages happened between June and August 2013 between the hours of 10 p.m. and 2 a.m. Dr. Jere Melinni , a pastor and founder of the school , has denied any knowledge of the mother 's 2013 complaint . While being questioned by deputies , Anderson admitted to being involved in an intimate relationship with the victim , according to court documents . She told deputies the relationship was a ` mistake ' and apologized for ` taking the victim 's innocence . ' According to Christian Life Academy 's website she began teaching at the school in 2012 , is from Laurel , miss . , and attended Mississippi State University . The victim remains a pulip at Christian Life Academy .