The chairman of a House committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on Americans in Benghazi , Libya , on Thursday called former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton to testify at a public hearing next month . The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton 's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state -- and allow the GOP to rehash questions about her performance before and after the deadly assault on a diplomatic compound and a CIA annex nearby . South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18 . HOT SEAT : Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton will testify in public about the Benghazi debacle , and about her exclusive use of a home-brew email server while she was secretary of state . NO COMMENT : Hillary stared ahead and walked wordlessly Tuesday through a Washington , DC airport , refusing to acknowledge her first campaign-trail question about the deadly Benghazi terror attacks in 2012 . DEADLY : The September 11 , 2012 Benghazi terror attacks killed four Americans including the US ambassador to Libya . The first hearing would focus on Clinton 's use of private emails , and the second on the September 2012 attacks that killed four Americans , including the U.S. ambassador to Libya . ` With her cooperation and that of the State Department and -LRB- Obama -RRB- administration , Secretary Clinton could be done with the Benghazi Committee before the Fourth of July , ' Gowdy said in a statement . It is necessary to call Clinton to appear twice ` because the committee needs to ensure we have a complete and responsive record and all the facts before we then substantively question her on the Benghazi terrorist attacks , ' Gowdy said . INFAMOUS : ` The fact is we had four dead Americans , ' Clinton said during a 2013 Senate hearing . ` Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided that they 'd they go kill some Americans ? What difference at this point does it make ? ' NOT FORGOTTEN : U.S. Ambassader the Libya Chris Stevens was the first to die in Benghazi , and was seen by Libyans as a moderate -- angering anti-American hardliners from radical Islamist groups . Clinton dodged questions about the Benghazi attacks on Tuesday after landing in Washington , D.C. following a two-day presidential campaign swing in New Hampshire . Daily Mail Online asked her in the Reagan National Airport terminal if she had made mistakes handling the crisis , and when she would be ready to start answering reporters ' questions . Clinton , steely-eyed , looked forward and walked silently without uttering a word . Gowdy 's action comes a day after the GOP-led panel signaled its final report could slip to next year , just months before the presidential election . Clinton is widely considered the front-runner for the Democratic nomination for president . Gowdy spokesman Jamal Ware said on Wednesday that Gowdy wants to complete the panel 's work by the end of the year , but said factors including witness availability , compliance with document requests and security clearances ` could continue to impact the timing of the inquiry 's conclusion . ' A lawyer for Clinton said she is prepared to answer questions publicly regarding the Benghazi attacks and her email use as soon as possible . ` There is no reason to delay her appearance or to have her testify in a private interview , ' lawyer David Kendall said Wednesday in a letter to Gowdy . Clinton has twice testified before Congress on the Benghazi matter , telling lawmakers in 2013 that she takes responsibility for missteps by the State Department in the months leading up to the assault . But Clinton insisted that requests for more security at the diplomatic mission in Benghazi did n't reach her desk , and reminded lawmakers that they have a responsibility to fund security-related budget requests . CASUALTIES : US Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith -LRB- left -RRB- , US Navy SEAL Glen Doherty -LRB- center -RRB- and US Nacy SEAL Tyrone Woods -LRB- right -RRB- perished in the Ansar al-Shariah attacks in Benghazi . PROTEST : Congressional interns carried photographs of Woods , Doherty and Smith during a Special Operations Speaks Political Action Committee news conference in July 2013 . SMOLDERING : The fires in Benghazi have gone out , but not the Republican Party 's zeal to tarnish Hillary Clinton 's political legacy with new questions about how it happened and why some details were allegedly covered up . Gowdy 's letter includes more than 100 questions he and other lawmakers may pose to Clinton about her email use , including why she considered using a private server and what was done to vet the companies or individuals who set up the server . And still lingering , too , are uneasy questions about why Clinton initially blamed the Benghazi attaks on a spontaneous protest sparked by an anti-Muslim YouTube video produced in the United States . American intelligence knew during the attack that it was launched by a terror group , Ansar al-Whariah , which is affiliated with al Qaeda . Months later , following a concussion that delayed her congressional testimony about Benghazi , she testified in a U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing . ` The fact is we had four dead Americans , ' Clinton told the senators . ` Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided that they 'd they go kill some Americans ? ' ` What difference at this point does it make ? ' Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , senior Democrat on the Benghazi panel , said the focus on email comes after ` Republicans ' multi-year search for evidence to back up their Benghazi conspiracy theories has turned up nothing . ' Cummings accused Gowdy and other Republicans of a ` coordinated attempt ' to ` drag out this taxpayer-funded search for anything they can use against Hillary Clinton , while their political arm raises campaign funds off the deaths of four Americans . '