German banking giant Deutsche Bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates , US and British authorities said on Thursday . ` Deutsche Bank secretly conspired with its competitors to rig the benchmark interest rates at the heart of the global financial system , ' said US Assistant Attorney General Bill Baer . ` Deutsche Bank 's misconduct not only harmed its unsuspecting counterparties , it undermined the integrity and the competitiveness of financial markets everywhere . ' German banking giant Deutsche Bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates , US and British authorities said on Thursday . The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate , used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world , from at least 2003-2011 to boost their trading positions . Under the deferred prosecution agreement , Deutsche Bank agreed to plead guilty to a US charge of wire fraud , a criminal offense , in connection with the scam and admitted participating in price-fixing conspiracy with other banks . Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails , telephone calls and electronic chats , the US said . The $ 2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation . The largest German bank will pay $ 775 million in penalties to the Justice Department , $ 800 million to the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission , $ 600 million to the New York Department of Financial Services and $ 344 million to Britain 's Financial Conduct Authority . The settlement agreement allows Deutsche Bank to keep its operating license in the United States . The Justice Department said the penalty reflected that Deutsche Bank 's cooperation with the probe ` was often helpful but also fell short in some important respects . ' Deutsche Bank co-chief executive Jurgen Fitschen has expressed regret for the rigging , adding that no current or former member of its management board were found to have known about the misconduct . Deutsche Bank co-chief executives Jurgen Fitschen and Anshu Jain expressed regret for the rigging , adding that no current or former member of its management board were found to have known about the misconduct . ` We have disciplined or dismissed individuals involved in the trader misconduct ; have substantially strengthened our control teams , procedures and record-keeping ; and are conducting a thorough review of the bank 's actions in addressing this matter , ' Fitschen and Jain said in a statement . The bank said it would book an additional charge of $ 1.6 billion in the first quarter for LIBOR and ` other matters ' .