Who can resist Boden 's bright knits and floral prints ? I most certainly ca n't writes Clare Goldwin . Well , not when it comes to my seven-year-old , Ella , anyway . For years , I 've happily forked out on pricey but irresistibly cute items for her from Mini Boden . But when it comes to buying clothes from Boden for myself , I 've always steered clear . Their traditional and instantly recognisable staples of cotton shifts and ` mumsy ' jersey dresses , not to mention ` jaunty ' prints in eye-catching colours , have always been a big no-no for me . Clare Goldwin -LRB- pictured -RRB- admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden 's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself as she does n't want to be labelled a Boden ` yummy mummy ' Who wants to be labelled a Boden ` yummy mummy ' at 50 paces , and bump into countless other mothers in identical uniforms on the school-run ? For many years , Boden -- which launched in 1991 -- made a success of its appeal to the ` Sloane ' market . But recently , the company has experienced more challenging times . Profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and , while they rose again in 2012 , they remained flat for 2013 . Now , however , Boden seems to have finally cracked it , and the fashion world is raving about their latest collections . Glossy magazines have praised their spring/summer shoe range for its nods to designer brands . And they 've even seduced the notoriously difficult U.S. market , where sales are soaring . Experts are putting the success down to the use of luxury fabrics , with more cashmere and silk mixes , plus more limited-edition pieces -- so there 's less chance of bumping into someone wearing the same outfit . They 're also attracting customers by toning down their colour palette , so the look is not so ` sweet shop ' , and making many of the prints more sophisticated and subtle . So , can this latest collection keep its core , middle-class customers happy , while appealing to the more fashionable woman ? With the mid-season sale now on , I tried a selection of their latest outfits to see whether this Boden sceptic could be persuaded ... TOP TROUSERS . Colour-block coat , WAS £ 179 , NOW £ 107.40 ; jumper , WAS £ 89 , NOW £ 53.40 ; trousers , WERE £ 69 , NOW £ 48.30 ; suede-heeled sandals , £ 119 -LRB- all boden.co.uk -RRB- . I usually avoid Boden , fearing it will make me look frumpy . And on the hanger , these trousers look like a case in point -- with their elasticated waist , they look like shapeless tracksuit bottoms . Once on , though , they 're bang on trend , with slim legs tapering to an elasticated cuff . I 'd even wear them for an evening out -- though perhaps in a plain colour . The jumper has three-quarter sleeves and cute French-knot decorations like little flowers . Meanwhile , the two-tone coat has been carefully considered , down to contrast stitching in the lining . The darker blocks are slimming , too , though the green is a bit insipid for my taste . 3/5 . FAB ... IF I WAS 20 ! Dress , WAS £ 199 , NOW £ 119.40 ; mules , WERE £ 119 , NOW £ 89.25 . At first glance , this dress looks like classic ` yummy mummy ' Boden . And it does me no favours -- making me look mumsy , busty and frumpy . That 's not because the dress is dowdy , but because it 's too fashion-forward -- and I 'm too old to be wearing it . With its A-line Sixties silhouette and alarmingly thigh-skimming length , this is the sort of frock that might be found in Topshop . It would look fantastic on a lithe 20-year-old or someone more flat-chested . Sadly , it does n't flatter this 42-year-old mother-of-two . It 's hard to work out if this is a miss by Boden , or the company taking aim at a younger crowd . The mules are very on-trend , though , and , with their teetering heel , far from the sensible-heeled shoes I associate with Boden . 2/5 . PERKY PRINT . Geometric print dress , WAS £ 99 , NOW £ 69.30 ; suede T-bar heels with green tassels , £ 119 . This purple and tangerine geometric shift is a world away from Boden 's usual floral prints . It would work well on bustier women , as the smaller pattern on the upper half helps minimise larger breasts , while the plain band accentuates the waist . The length is just above the knee , so it 's not too daring for those over 40 -- though I would n't want it any shorter . Meanwhile , the shoes are fab . The T-bar heels are right on trend and come with a twist : contrasting purple toes and quirky green tassel detail . Usually , ankle straps make legs look shorter by cutting them off -- but here , the strap sits lower down the foot , lengthening and flattering the legs . 3/5 . FIFTIES WONDER . Floral dress , WAS £ 139 , NOW £ 97.30 ; mules , WERE £ 119 , NOW £ 89.25 . On first sight , this look screams old-style Boden -- a cotton shift dress in a flower print . But , unlike the shapeless floral shifts of old , this one is cut in a very fashionable Fifties shape , with a square neckline and tulip skirt . The viscose/cotton fabric has a sheen to it , which gives a luxurious feel , and the flowers are big and bold -- almost abstract -- with flashes of lime that stop it all from looking too girly . It 's chintzy , but in a good way . This is also a slightly longer , more flattering , length and would be great for a wedding or summer party . The mules -- this time in lime -- are the perfect finishing touch . 5/5 . SLIMMING SKIRT . Cashmere jumper , WAS £ 99 , NOW £ 49.50 ; print pencil skirt , WAS £ 89 , NOW £ 62.30 ; suede-heeled sandals , WERE £ 119 , NOW £ 95.20 . I would never have guessed this pink and green , diamond-print , cotton pencil skirt was from Boden . It 's a more eye-catching look than I 'm used to wearing , and I 'd usually shy away from crew-neck jumpers , too , as I think the high neckline accentuates my broad shoulders . But once on , the warm , pink sweater suits my pale colouring and the effect of the skirt is eye-catching , sharp and very slimming . The length is on the knee for me -- but I 'm 5 ft 10 in , so for most women , this would come in just below the knee . With 3 per cent elastane , there 's also a little forgiving stretch . I pair it with the suede sandals , this time in pink . Still love them . This look is a surprise hit . 4/5 . FLOATY DREAM . Cream silk shirt , £ 99 ; floral skirt , £ 99 ; sandals , as before . Oooh , this silk shirt and full skirt combination looks like the sort of outfit I remember my mum wearing in the Eighties . But will I look like a mumsy frump ? While the skirt is in a traditional floral print , it 's not made from plain cotton , as you might expect from Boden , but has a gorgeous organza silk overlay , so it 's floaty and delicate . While the full skirt style is n't very slimming , it 's a Fifties shape that 's right on trend and swishes nicely . The blouse is very similar to those made by chic French brand Equipment , even down to the breast pocket detail . Except there , blouses will set you back over £ 200 , while this is half that . Again , I love the shoes . These suede sandals are simple , elegant and very comfortable . 3/5 . EIGHTIES HORROR . Blouse , WAS £ 69 , NOW £ 48.30 ; skinny pants , £ 49 ; pointed slingback flats , £ 79 ; leather bag , WAS £ 110 , NOW £ 82.50 . This is my least favourite look . The floaty , geometric top has a very Orla Kiely-esque print , but I think it makes me look dowdy . Meanwhile , the stretchy , navy pants give me nasty flashbacks to the leggings I used to wear as a teenager in the Eighties , and they make my legs look stumpy and lumpy . However , the slingback flats in a pretty aqua are very fashion-forward -- designers ranging from Jimmy Choo to Antonio Berardi have brought out pointed , flat slingbacks this season . And the aqua bag is very ladylike . 2/5 . So , am i convinced ? Ok , there 's a lot that will keep faithful Boden fans happy , but I 've been reassured there are enough new pieces to make even sceptics like me look past its mumsy bright prints . In particular I love the shoes . They 've definitely persuaded me to put in an order .