A 36-year-old Louisiana sheriff 's deputy was directing traffic near a school zone this morning when he was ambushed and shot three times in what has been described as a road rage incident sparked by an argument over traffic . St. Charles Parish Sheriff Greg Champagne says Cpl. Burt Hazeltine was directing school buses on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis , just west of New Orleans , when he was gunned down . A male suspect , later identified as former Transportation Safety Administration worker 56-year-old Paul Devillier , was arrested a short time later after a brief ` tussle ' with officers . Scroll down for video . Paul Devillier -LRB- left -RRB- , 56 , is accused of opening fire on Cpl. Burt Hazeltine -LRB- right -RRB- as he was directing traffic in a school zone in suburban New Orleans . Hero cop : Hazeltine , 36 , with St Charles Parish -LRB- pictured here with his wife and four children -RRB- , was shot three times in the face , elbow and eye Thursday morning . Bloody crime scene : The ambush took place on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis , just west of New Orleans . A deputy is seen swabbing what appears to be blood from the door of Hazeltine 's squad car . Champagne says at around 9.15 am , the shooter pulled up to a convenience store , got out of his 2014 Chevy Silverado pickup and opened fire on Hazeltine , who was hit in the face , elbow and eye . One of the bullets reportedly penetrated his lung . Another bullet lodged behind his eye , and the 36-year-old law enforcement officer may be at risk of losing his sight . Hazeltine is believed to have returned fire , but it was unclear whether Paul Devillier was wounded . Champagne says Hazeltine was in stable but guarded condition at Interim LSU Hospital Thursday afternoon . Two nearby schools , R.J. Vial Elementary and J.B. Martin Middle School , were briefly placed on lockdown after the shooting . Devillier had two weapons on him at the time of his arrest . Police say he does not have a criminal record but they suspect he suffers from mental health issues . Road rage : Devillier allegedly got into a verbal spat with Hazeltine because the deputy refused to stop traffic and allow his 2014 chevy Silverado -LRB- pictured -RRB- to make a turn . Worried for their comrade : Authorities walk outside LSU Interim Hospital , where Hazeltine was listed in guarded but stable condition . Burt Hazeltine was alert as he was being transported to the hospital , and according to Sheriff Champagne , he even cracked a joke in the ambulance about his ordeal , reported NOLA.com . Despite his severe injuries , the sheriff said a nurse attending to Hazeltine told him he ` got lucky . ' During a press conference Thursday afternoon , Sheriff Champagne revealed that before the shooting , Devillier got into a verbal spat with Hazeltine because the deputy refused to stop traffic and allow him to make a left turn onto Louisiana Avenue , reported Fox 8 . According to officials , Devillier then went to his father 's home and called the sheriff 's office , claiming to be an NCIS agent and demanding to speak to Sheriff Champagne . He then drove back to the Time Saver convenience store and called over Cpl Hazeltine , who was still directing traffic . When the deputy approached Devillier 's truck , he spotted a gun on the dashboard , pulled his service weapon and demanded the drive show his hands . Survivor : Hazeltine , pictured left with his wife , Mandy , was in stable but guarded condition at Interim LSU Hospital . There is a concern he may go blind in one eye . Happy family : Hazeltine and his wife have been married for nearly 14 years and have two sons and two daughters together -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Career officer : The 36-year-old has been on the force for about 15 years , most recently serving in the traffic division . That is when investigators say the 56-year-old opened fire on Hazeltine . Little is known about the suspect at this time , but sheriff 's officials said he was fired from TSA in 2013 and got a divorce that same year . Burt Hazeltine has been on the force about 15 years , serving in the traffic division . The deputy and his wife of nearly 14 years , Mandy , have two sons and two daughters . Those who know the couple described them to The Advocate as devout Christians who are very active in their community .