An Ohio couple have filed a major lawsuit against the risque erotic e-book ` A Gronking To Remember ' , claiming a photo as they were celebrating their engagement was used as the online cover without their permission . The unnamed couple are subsequently suing the novella 's author , who released it under the pen name Lacey Noonan , as well as distributors Apple , Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble for allowing readers to buy the work in iBooks , Kindle and Nook digital formats . The fan fiction , which is $ 2.51 on Kindle , is about a housewife 's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob ` Gronk ' Gronkowski , who she habitually masturbates over while watching his games . It enjoyed some viral success following its release , which coincided with the Superbowl . Scroll down for video . ` Appropriated image ' : The couple featured on the cover of A Gronking To Remember , a work of fan fiction about a woman 's sexual infatuation with Patriots player Rob ` Gronk ' Gronkowski , say the photo of them that appears was used without their permission or without them even knowing . ` Ridicule ' : The book has been shown as a source of ribald humor on The Tonight Show and Jimmy Kimmel Live , the lawsuit claims . Gronkowski even read out some of the cringeworthy lines during the Patriots press tour , including during an appearance of Jimmy Kimmel Live . One such line is : ` Spike me , Daniel , through the goalposts of life . ' Another part reads : ` I 'll never forget the first time I saw Gronk spike a football . The unrivaled power of his touchdown dance : ` The Gronk . ' It jettisoned jiggling ribbons of electric jelly through my body and melted my knees like two pads of margarine . ' However the lawsuit slams the book is distasteful and ` offensive ' . ` The use of the plaintiffs ' image has held them up to ridicule and embarrassment , ' the lawsuit said , according to The Hollywood Reporter . ` This outrageous connection has been further aggravated when the book with the plaintiffs ' image has been reproduced in the media nationwide . ` The book has been shown as a source of ribald humor on The Tonight Show and Jimmy Kimmel Live as well as being displayed and read before the press at media day for the Super Bowl . ' Source of infatuation : Rob Gronkowski answers questions from reports on April 23 during a visit to the White House after the New Englad Patriots won the Superbowl . The book was self-published by the pseudonymous Noonan , meaning she is likely the one who chose the image for the cover . It is unclear how she came to find the photo in the first place however . A new cover has now started to appear online featuring a different couple . The couple is asking the court to award `` any profits derived from and attributable to '' the unauthorized use , or $ 10,000 , compensatory damages of $ 25,000 , attorneys fees , court costs , expenses and treble damages , The Boston Globe reported . The case has been transferred to federal court in Ohio .