Anyone with a heartbeat dreams of hopping around the world , from the bright lights of New York City to the idyllic islands in the South Pacific , but insurmountable costs keep us grounded most of the time . Travel does n't come cheap , but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget or even get paid to do it . All it takes is a few sacrifices , hard work , commitment and an outgoing personality . Here are some of the ways travellers can keep their costs down while satisfying their wanderlust . While travelling the world can cost a lot of money , there are some ways to do it for free , or at leas ton a very tight budget . Stay in a stranger 's house . House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation . Depending on the arrangement with the property owner , food and transport may be included in exchange for taking care of the person 's home and , in some cases , pets . Properties are advertised on a number of websites , including TrustedHousesitters.com , which charges a membership fee of £ 5.99 a month . Laura Cody and Tanbay Theune -LRB- pictured -RRB- are seeing the world while house-sitting for strangers . Laura Cody , 23 , and Tanbay Theune , 26 , have been criss-crossing the globe after leaving Birmingham in July 2013 . They embarked on the adventure after they discussed their desire to travel and became fed up with paying rent every month . Since then they have been staying in strangers ' homes -- without having to pay rent or bills -- all over Australia , the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy , and have been blogging about the experience . Canadian bloggers Dalene and Peter Heck were recognised with an award from National Geographic after they sold almost all of their possessions and set off on a quest to house-sit around the world . In almost six years they have visited about 30 countries -- from Ecuador and Mexico to Turkey and Thailand . House swapping and couch surfing are two other options . Cruise ship workers can see the world , but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long work hours . Work on a cruise ship or superyacht . If motion sickness is n't a problem , a job with a cruise line is an ideal way to see different parts of the world between shifts . It 's the kind of job for a ` people person ' , as employees live together on the ship and are n't afforded much privacy . They must also be able to endure long periods at sea and long hours of work . There are jobs for various skill sets -- from photographers and musicians to nurses and electrical engineers . But people should do plenty of research into pay , benefits and working conditions before applying . Working on a superyacht is another way to sail around the world while making a salary and tips . Those who commit to this kind of career should expect to work long hours every day and spend a lot of time at sea or port . Again , employees are afforded very little privacy when they 're on board , as they sleep in close quarters with their colleagues . Some owners will even hire private teachers for their children for months at a time . A teacher who goes on an around-the-world trip is usually paid approximately £ 50,000 , said Henry Smith , a sales broker with Cecil Wright , a boutique yacht brokerage with offices in Monaco and London . Volunteering with an organic farm offers a chance to travel and learn while helping others . Make a difference . There are plenty of organisations that allow people to volunteer in impoverished countries where help is desperately needed . They allow people to travel to places they normally would n't visit as a regular tourist and make a positive contribution to the world . World Wide Opportunities on Organic Farms -LRB- WWOOF -RRB- , for example , connects farmers and those who are looking to learn more about the industry . Hosts provide accommodation , food and opportunities to learn about organic lifestyles in exchange four to six hours of volunteer work per day . The organisation has a presence in more than 50 countries around the world , including Sierra Leone , Ecuador , Bangladesh , Estonia and Israel . Other examples include working at summer camps or planting trees . Teaching English in a foreign country will bring a regular paycheque and an opportunity to explore . Teach English abroad . It 's not uncommon for those who live in England , the US , Canada or Australia to hear about a friend or a friend of a friend travelling abroad to teach English . The usual destinations where English-language teachers are in demand include South Korea , China , Japan and Jordan . It will bring a regular pay cheque , but it 's not a holiday -- with many expected to work full-time hours . But it will leave time to explore the city or country you are teaching in , and neighbouring nations . Successful applicants will need the appropriate credentials and they may have to sign a contract . Before applying they should do their research to make sure they are getting a job with a reputable school . One way to find teach jobs abroad is through the British Council , which runs a language assistant programme for those who have completed at least two years of university education . There are 10 different locations around the world where you can teach for between 12 and 20 hours a week and earn enough money to live . There is an application process and you must commit to a full year , but it is the perfect way to live in another country and still have plenty of time to explore your surroundings , while gaining some valuable life skills . Alternatively , there are many TEFL -LRB- Teaching English as a Foreign Language -RRB- courses that can be taken in the UK ahead of applying to teach abroad through different programmes . Ski resorts in breathtaking locations are always looking for instructors , servers and other employees . Get paid to hit the slopes . Ski resorts in breathtaking locations all over Europe and North America offer seasonal work for a variety of positions , including instructors , bartenders and cooks . Knowing how to ski is n't a prerequisite , but it 's the perfect opportunity for those who are passionate about skiing or snowboarding , or keen to learn . Perks can include free ski passes , and some resorts are notorious for their parties . One way to stay in a foreign city for free is to arrange a work-to-stay arrangement with a hostel . Work in a hostel . One way to bag free accommodation while travelling around the world is working where you sleep . Travellers can find a work-to-stay arrangement at many hostels , which allows them to stay for free while meeting people from around the world , and may even include some pay . Hostels may require its work-to-stay employees to stay for a minimum amount of time before they move on . Adverts can easily be found online , with one for a hostel in Las Vegas requiring an employee who can work for two to three months over the summer . In addition to a bed the employee is provided breakfast , wifi , parking , coffee and tea , lockers , laundry and nightly activities , plus opportunities to explore the region . The tasks would include one or a mix of housekeeping , maintenance , IT , tour leading and front desk , according to the advert .