Cleared : 53-year-old Graeme Finlay , a former naval serviceman . A cruise ship passenger was yesterday cleared of beating up two elderly holidaymakers in a row over rudeness at the dinner table . Graeme Finlay , 53 , went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips , 70 , and his wife June , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner . After being cleared Finlay , an ex-naval serviceman from Glasgow , said : ` It 's been hell . It 's put me off boats forever . ' The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae . But the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife . The jury at Teesside Crown Court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting grievous bodily harm . He told how he had put on five-stone by comfort eating since his arrest more than a year ago , and added : ` I 'm really delighted with the verdicts and very , very relieved . ' He said : ` It 's been very stressful for the last year and a half . I go to church and I 'm on the golf club committee , and it 's been awful seeing my face in the news . ` I 'm very sorry about everything that happened that night , I really am , but I told the truth in the court and I 'm thankful that the jury believed me . ' In his evidence , the defendant recalled how he was travelling alone on the Canary Islands cruise in January last year and felt shunned when he joined two couples -- including Mr and Mrs Phillips -- for dinner in the restaurant . After looking at the menu there was an ` awkward ' silence and he moved to another table with a couple he had previously met . Both Finlay and the elderly couple spent the evening drinking separately and enjoying the musical entertainment . According to Finlay they later found themselves in a lift together and he rebuked the couple for their rudeness towards him at dinner . Finlay claimed Mr Phillips threw a cup of hot chocolate at him , swore and struck him with his crutch . He told the court : ` I felt myself being struck by something sharp and I put my arms over my face to defend myself , I covered my face with my arms , I did n't want my eye poked out . ' Innocent : The jury at Teesside Crown Court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting grievous bodily harm . Cruise : Finlay went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips , 70 , and his wife June , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner -LRB- file photo -RRB- . He described to the court how he swung his arms outwards from his face and felt them connect with Mr Phillips . The ` victims ' insisted they had not argued with Finlay or ignored him at dinner and were subjected to a vicious assault as they headed to bed following a relaxing evening . Mrs Phillips briefly lost consciousness when she fell against a wall . In her evidence , she said : ` I saw Ron lying on the bulkhead and this great big guy going boof , boof , boof -LRB- she swung a punching motion -RRB- . ` He must have hit him five times . I put my hand on his arm and told him ` leave him alone you will kill him . ' Finlay was later forced to leave the ship and make his own way home . He was interviewed by police and charged .