Stretching out his arms and looking beseechingly upwards , this is the moment that 16-month-old Noah Ginesi from Penrith in Cumbria reached out for a hug with Prince Charles . The heart-warming moment occurred during a visit to the Rheged Centre in Cumbria , where the Prince of Wales was meeting farmers and charity staff . Charles , who is grandfather to 20-month-old Prince George and has another grandchild on the way , looked delighted and bent down to talk to the little boy who was held by his mother , Genevieve . Scroll down for video . Adorable : One-year-old Noah Ginesi , from Penrith in Cumbria , reaches up for a hug with Prince Charles . The prince was making his first stop on a day-long tour of Cumbria , with rural communities and businesses topping his agenda . Clearly on good form , Charles was visiting the Rheged Centre to inspect a photo exhibition entitled Herdwick : A Portrait of a Lakeland . The work of photographer Ian Lawson , many of the photos feature Herdwick sheep , a breed native to Cumbria and whose name comes from the Old Norse herdvyck - sheep pasture . Charles ' visit came as part of his work for the Campaign for Wool and The Prince 's Countryside Fund . The former is one of the prince 's environmental initiatives and promotes the use of British wool in everything from clothing to furniture . Much obliged : Charles bent down to coo over the infant but did n't pick him up . Jovial : The Prince of Wales was on cheerful form and chatted happily with locals . Warm welcome : Prince Charles , who was wearing a tailored tweed coat , got a warm welcome from locals . It also stages an annual Wool Week which gives a platform to textile producers and farmers , and is enthusiastically endorsed by Charles . The prince 's eco credentials have come under scrutiny of late , with the subject believed to be one of those broached in his infamous ` spider letters ' . Charles has also been criticised for his use of helicopters , after it emerged on Monday that he had used a chopper for an 80 mile round-trip to Ascot racecourse from Highgrove on Sunday . Getting to that event , The Prince 's Countryside Fund Raceday which included a ` Lamb National ' race , used up 200 gallons of fuel and came hot on the heels of a video recorded for Earth Day in which he implored viewers to use less fuel . Today , however , saw him return to travelling by car , with Charles whizzing through an official day of visits and meetings with the Cumbrian farming community . His second stop , which was also in conjunction with The Prince 's Countryside Fund , saw him meet members of the Westmorland County Agricultural Society , one of the oldest in the country , and locals working for other country charities . Looking around : Charles was given a tour of the exhibition by photographer Ian Lawson -LRB- right -RRB- . Conservation : The photo exhibition focused on a traditional breed of sheep native to Cumbria . Native : The Herdwick sheep has lived in Cumbria for more than 1,000 years . Passion : The Prince of Wales was there as part of his work for the Campaign for Wool . Among them was the Dry Stone Walling Association , which safeguards the UK 's network of historic dry stone walls , and Broadband for the Rural North . Fast internet connection remains a real problem in many rural spots , including those close to London such as parts of Bedfordshire , but is particularly acute in more remote areas . Charles is known to be particularly sympathetic to the cause of high speed rural broadband , in particular because of the limit on job creation that slow internet speeds and dial up connections create . The prince 's final stop was at furniture makers Peter Hall & Son where he was introduced to some of the Prince 's Trust apprentices who work there . Beautiful : Along with Herdwick sheep , Lawson 's work also features the spectacular Cumbria landscape . Rural life : Charles , who lives in the country himself , has long championed the UK 's rural communities . All smiles : Prince Charles poses with a group from Cumbria 's Young Farmers .