Two brothers exonerated after being sentenced to death for a 1975 slaying have been awarded more than $ 1.6 million in compensation from the state of Ohio for decades of wrongful imprisonment . The Ohio Court of Claims on Friday granted the money to Wiley Bridgeman , 60 , and Kwame Ajamu , 57 , and the brothers ' attorneys said compensation for lost wages has yet to be determined and awarded . Bridgeman , Ajamu , and Ricky Jackson , now 59 , were sent to death row after aggravated murder convictions in the slaying of Cleveland money order salesman Harry Franks . Scroll down for video . Wiley Bridgeman , 60 -LRB- left -RRB- and Kwame Ajamu , 57 -LRB- right -RRB- were awarded a collective $ 1.6 million from an Ohio court on Friday after spending decades in prison for wrongful murder convictions -LRB- file photo , Nov. 2014 -RRB- . The brothers served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks in 1975 . Above , they celebrate after Bridgeman was exonerated in November 2014 . Last year , the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution 's key witness Edward Vernon -- a 12-year-old boy at the time of the killing -- recanted his testimony as an adult and said he never witnessed the crime . Jackson , 58 , was awarded more than $ 1million in compensation in March . Terry Gilbert and David Mills , attorneys for Bridgeman and Ajamu , said Friday the amount in lost wages will be determined through negotiations . Mills said Ohio law allows wrongfully imprisoned individuals to be paid about $ 51,000 for each year of incarceration . The $ 1.6 million includes calculated damages amounting to about $ 969,000 for Bridgeman and $ 647,000 for Ajamu , according to the court . Previous inmates exonerated after periods in prison have received up to $ 1million for each year spent incarcerated . An Illinois man who spent nearly 20 years in jail after being wrongly imprisoned for rape and murder received a $ 20million settlement in March , setting a new national record . Gilbert said no amount of money could really compensate the two men for the time that was taken from them . Bridgeman , Ajamu and Jackson were convicted after a 12-year-old said that he saw how businessman Harry Franks was murdered . Ricky Jackson , was the longest serving person ever exonerated after his 1975 -LRB- left -RRB- conviction . He was released last year -LRB- right -RRB- after the prosecution 's star witness recanted his testimony . Ajamu was only 17-years-old when he was given the death penalty . Ajamu , Bridgeman and Jackson had walked past the scene where Franks was shot and asked what happened , soon becoming prime suspects in the murder . No physical evidence linked them to the crime , which included an acid attack . In 2013 Vernon said that police had fed him details about the case , Cleveland.com reported . Late last year the inmates became emotional after being told that they had been exonerated and the court would not make any objections to their innocence . All three 's death sentences , which were given when Bridgeman was 20 and Jackson was 18 , had been commuted to life in prison after the Supreme Court outlawed capital punishment in 1978 . Jackson , holding his first cell phone , received more than $ 1million last month after being released . The trio of wrongfully convicted men said that they have missed out on important parts of life such as having children . ` They deserve a lot more , but the state has limits on what they pay , ' Gilbert said . ` But obviously they are grateful to have some resources to start their lives again . ' Ajamu , known in 1975 as Ronnie Bridgeman , was released in 2003 after 27 years in prison and exonerated in December . He took his new name after leaving prison and has married . His brother Wiley Bridgeman and Jackson were released in November after nearly 40 years behind bars . The Ohio Innocence Project says that Jackson was the longest-serving person in US history to be exonerated at the time of his release . After they were exonerated , the trio said that they had missed out on much of life , such as having children . Dan Tierney , a spokesman for Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine , was reached after office hours Friday . He said attorneys with DeWine 's office would review the ruling Monday . The case against the three men first attracted scrutiny after a piece in Cleveland Scene cast doubt on Vernon 's testimony .