Disgraced teacher Mary Kay Letourneau and her student-turned-lover are set to talk about their controversial relationship in a tell-all interview on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary . Letourneau , 53 , and her husband , Vili Fualaau , 31 , will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with Barbara Walters on ' 20/20 ' , which will air on Friday . The former Seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with Fualaau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when he was just 13 . After she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship , they married and now have two children together . She also has four children from a previous marriage . Scroll down for video . Speaking out : Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau and her husband Vili Fualaau have spoken to Barbara Walters in an interview that will air on 20/20 on Friday - nearly 20 years after Letourneau 's arrest for the relationship . Family : The couple 's two teenage daughters , Georgia and Audrey , will join their parents for the interview . Their two daughters , Audrey and Georgia , who are now both teenagers , will join their parents for the interview , ABC News said . While speaking with Walters , Letourneau will discuss her plans to get her status as a registered sex offender lifted , as well as her hopes to teach again one day . She will also talk out about how they make their marriage work despite the 21-year age gap , ABC News reported . Fualaau will discuss his struggle with alcoholism and depression and how he believes he was failed by the system as a minor . After his teacher was convicted , his family filed a lawsuit against the police department and the school district for failing to protect him from sexual exploitation . No damages were awarded . Relationship : The duo first met when Fualaau -LRB- pictured in 1998 -RRB- was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and Letourneau -LRB- right in a 1996 school photo -RRB- was his teacher . In court : She is pictured listening to testimony in 1998 ; she went to prison for seven and a half years . Proud : She is pictured showing off her pregnancy bump in a photo released in 1998 . She fell pregnant with their first daughter before she was arrested and with their second after she was released . Reunited : Letourneau is pictured with her daughter Audrey during a prison visit in 2003 . The pair originally met when he was in her second grade class and then she taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 . As she taught him , their relationship turned sexual and a friend of her husband 's ultimately went to the police with his suspicions . But before she was arrested , she fell pregnant with the boy 's child and gave birth to his first daughter , Audrey , while she was on bail in May 1997 while waiting for the outcome of her trial . She was sentenced to six months in county jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with the boy . But weeks after he release , she was found having sexual relations with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter . Family : She was married and had four children before the affair . She is pictured , right , with one of her sons . Back together : The couple is pictured during a photo shoot at their Normandy Park , Washington home in 2006 . She was released from jail in 2004 and they got married a year later . At home : The couple is pictured with their daughters as they drive near their home near Seattle in 2005 . Going strong : The couple will talk about how they 've stayed together despite the 21-year age gap . Letourneau gave birth to the baby while she was in jail after being sentenced to an additional seven-and-a-half years behind bars . She was released from jail in August 2004 and Fualaau , who was then 21 , asked the court to have the no-contact order overturned , which it was . The couple got married a year later at a Washington winery - when she was 43 and he was 22 . They have been together ever since . Letourneau also made headlines last year after she was booked into Washington 's King County Jail for failing to go to court following a 2013 third-degree charge of driving on a suspended license .