Her mom moves on the dance floor have been well-documented over the years , thanks to her Lets Move ! program . But on Thursday night , to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity , Michelle Obama once again busted some moves , this time on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon . In a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2 , the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of I Like The Way You Move . It was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013 , in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids . Lets disco : Michelle Obama strutted her stuff on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday night , in a follow-up routine to one they first did in 2013 . OMG : Called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2 , the pair pulled some embarrassing ` mom moves ' Join in : First Lady Michelle Obama and Jimmy Fallon took it to the dance floor again during her appearance on The Tonight Show on Thursday night . Oh no you did n't : At the end of the routine , Fallon pulled a goofy move he called the ` Barack Obama ' Take this : But Michelle came back kicking , showing off an equally-awful jive called the ` Jimmy Fallon ' In dancing up a storm , the two demonstrated some jives they called ` You Go Girl ' and ` Oh My God , I Did n't Know You Were Coming Here ! ' But when Fallon pulled a silly move he called the ` Barack Obama ' , Michelle obviously hit back with a terrible take on Fallon himself . The Let 's Move ! Initiative encourages people to eat better , be more active and healthier . It was first launched in February 2010 . During a sit-down with Fallon , Michelle spoke of what she 's achieved in the last five years , and her love of music . ` I have an iPod , ' she said . ` I usually just put my earphones in in the car . I 'm always listening to music . That 's the way I kind of settle myself . ' Initiative : Lets Move ! is an anti-childhood obesity campaign that Michelle first launched in 2010 . However music is n't something she necessarily shares with her daughters , Malia , 17 , and Sasha , 14 . ` Now I 'm at the stage where my kids are introducing me to music and they 're like , `` You do n't wan na hear this mom - the language is too bad '' , ' she said . ` Well , what are you doing listening to it ? ' On March 16 , Michelle busted some similar moves with Ellen DeGeneres , dancing in a much more choreographed segment to Uptown Funk . Healthy eating : Michelle Obama told Jimmy Fallon that she gets her daughters to eat vegetables by having a ` no treat ' rule in the house if they choose not to eat healthy . Give me broccoli ! : Michelle Obama told Jimmy Fallon that the no treat rule worked and her daughters asked for her to give them the broccoli . The US First Lady revealed that she - and a party of helpers from So You Think You Can Dance - will be performing a routine to the same song on the front lawn of the White House during the annual Easter Egg Roll . This year 's event , which will take place on the 6th April , is part of a tradition that dates back to 1878 when President Rutherford B. Hayes opened the White House gardens to local children . Michelle said she has been practicing the dance , called Gim me Five ! , for over a year . In addition to breaking it down on stage , Michelle Obama told Fallon how she gets her teenagers to eat healthy food . Obama said she has a ` no treat ' rule in her house if her daughters Sasha and Malia do n't eat their vegetables . If the girls tell her their ` full ' because they do n't want to eat the vegetables in front of them , there are no substitute meals if they become hungry later . ` After a couple of days of starvation , it 's like , ` gim me the broccoli , ' she joked . Fallon told FLOTUS that he too has a method of getting child to eat healthy but his method is a lot sneakier than hers . ` I 'm trying to sneak vegetables into anything , but there is a sneaky way to do it , ' Fallon said of giving his two young daughters vegetables . ` I hide it in brownies , ' he said . Polished : Michelle Obama wore classic black and white with a touch of silver in shoes when she went on Jimmy Fallon earlier in the week . Tadashi Shoji Crochet Knit Collar Dress . From the Resort 2015 collection . Visit site . Michelle Obama made another stylish appearance on the Tonight Show to promote her Let 's Move ! program in two chic outfits . First she danced away in a pink twinset and black pants -LRB- her signature look -RRB- , then she went glam in a Tadashi Shoji cocktail dress . The knee length number featured a black and white color block design and had on-trend mesh motif on the sleeves and hemline . The First Lady 's style is always on point whenever she is in public and this time was no different . Michelle 's frock hails from the designer 's Resort collection which featured lots of stripes , lace , gingham , and perforated pieces that will work well this upcoming season . Scoop one up at the link to the right . And for the frugal shopper , have a peek below for more great finds from Calvin Klein to Halston Heritage that have that FLOTUS appeal . Halston Heritage Sleeveless Fit-and-Flare Dress at Neiman Marcus -LRB- now $ 267 -RRB- . Visit site . Calvin Klein Grid Pattern Color Block Dress at Zappos . Visit site . Ellelauri Farrah Dress at Shoptiques . Visit site . Calvin Klein Belted Sheath w / Contrast Panel at Zappos . Visit site . His own method : Jimmy fallon says he gets his toddler daughters to eat vegetables by hiding it in brownies .