The beloved , traditional Anzac biscuit recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats , desiccated coconut , and golden syrup as the primary ingredients . But with so many different food tribes competing for prominence these days , be it sugar-free , raw , paleo , or #foodporn , the time-honoured recipe may not quite cut if for you and your family on April 25 . FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic Anzac biscuit recipe , from sugar-free , to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version ... and even a raw recipe . But how do they stack up against the original ? Bake -LRB- or simply make , in the case of the raw variety -RRB- one or all of these recipes this weekend , and decide for yourself ... Traditional treat : The classic ANZAC biscuit is a much-loved classic cookie . SUGAR-FREE ANZAC BISCUITS BY SARAH WILSON , I QUIT SUGAR . ` Anzacs should always have a chewy , almost tooth-cracking quality -LRB- traditionally they were rock hard -RRB- and to get this result without sugar can be tough , ' says I Quit Sugar founder Sarah Wilson . ` This recipe uses rice malt syrup which is a fructose-free sweetener that , unlike sugar , does n't cause metabolic havoc . But , as with all our recipes , we keep the sweetener to less than half a teaspoon per serve . We chuck in some macadamias to give them extra Australian love ! ' ` These delicious Anzac biscuits are the perfect way to celebrate Anzac day this weekend without the sugar hangover . ' Yield : 25 biscuits . Prep time : 10 minutes . Cooking time : 20 minutes . Total time : 30 minutes . Ingredients . 125 g unsalted butter . 1/4 cup rice malt syrup . pinch sea salt . 1/2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda . 2 tablespoons boiling water . 1 cup rolled oats . 3/4 cup desiccated coconut . 1 cup plain flour -LRB- or plain gluten-free flour -RRB- . 1/2 cup roughly chopped macadamias . Directions . 1 . Preheat oven to 150ºC / 300ºF / Gas Mark 2 and line baking trays with baking paper . 2 . In a small saucepan over low heat , melt the butter and rice malt syrup , stirring until the mixture starts to bubble . Add a pinch of salt . 3 . Combine the bicarbonate of soda with boiling water and add to butter mixture . 4 . Combine remaining ingredients in a separate bowl . Pour melted butter mixture into dry ingredients and combine well . 5 . Roll 1 teaspoon of mixture into a ball and place on tray , flattening into a disc . Repeat with remaining mixture , allowing room for spreading . 6 . Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown . 7 . Allow to cool on trays before transferring to a wire rack . Store in airtight container . For more recipes , visit I Quit Sugar . I quit sugar : Sarah Wilson 's sugar-free recipe substitutes golden syrup and sugar for rice malt syrup . Sugar-free : ` These delicious Anzac biscuits are the perfect way to celebrate Anzac day this weekend without the sugar hangover , ' says Wilson . CHOCOLATE & MACADAMIA ANZAC BISCUITS BY LORRAINE ELLIOTT , NOT QUITE NIGELLA . ` There are two types of Anzac biscuits : crunchy and chewy , and while I 'll happily eat both I prefer crunchy , ' says Lorraine Elliott of food blog Not Quit Nigella . ` These Anzac biscuits are definitely of the crunchy variety . Think brandy snaps or toffee in their tooth feel . ` The macadamias and chocolate give it a bit of luxury that is n't traditional but I am not really allowed to make them any other way now that friends and family have tried this one . ' Chocolate-coated : Food blogger Not Quite Nigella 's pimped-up variety features chocolate and macadamia . Yield : 24 biscuits . Preparation time : 5-10 minutes . Baking time : 15 minutes . Total time : 20-25 minutes . Ingredients . 1 cup oats . 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar . 1 cup/125 g/4 .4 ozs macadamia nuts , chopped . 3/4 cup plain or all purpose flour . 1/2 cup desiccated coconut . 130g/4 .6 ozs butter . 2 tablespoons golden syrup -LRB- can also use honey -RRB- . 1 tablespoon hot water mixed with 1/2 teaspoon bi carbonate of soda . 250g/1/2 pound dark chocolate -LRB- optional -RRB- . Method . 1 . Preheat oven to 175 ° c / 375 ° f . Line two large trays with parchment -LRB- you will actually put six biscuits on each tray so you can line four baking trays if you want -RRB- . Not Quite Nigella 's Lorraine prefers crunchy Anzac biscuits . In a medium sized bowl mix the oats , brown sugar , flour , nuts and coconut so that it is evenly distributed . 2 . In a small saucepan -LRB- or even in the microwave -RRB- melt the butter until completely melted . Add the golden syrup and bi-carb and water mix . Whisk to combine and then add this liquid mixture to the dry mixture and stir until everything is moistened . Shape into walnut sized balls with hands and place far apart on the baking sheet as they will spread a lot - I fit six per tray . Bake for 15 minutes . Allow to cool on the tray for five to ten minutes and then place on a cooling rack as they will firm up then . Repeat with rest of the dough . 3 . If you are making these with chocolate , melt the chocolate in a double boiler -LRB- a heatproof bowl fitted over a saucepan of simmering water ensuring that the bottom of the bowl does n't touch the water -RRB- or in the microwave on 50 per cent power with 60 second bursts , stirring between bursts . Spread the chocolate over the bottom with an angled spatula and leave bottoms up to set . For more recipes , visit Not Quite Nigella . Sweet : These versions are thinner like brandy snaps . RAW ANZAC COOKIES BY TALINE GABRIELIAN , HIPPIE LANE . ` These chewy Anzac biscuits are a healthy twist on the original sugar , butter and flour loaded cookies , ' says Taline Gabrielian , founder of Hippie Lane app . ` They are quick and easy to make and are completely raw . Raw food is high in nutrients and minerals as the food preserves the enzymes that are lost in the cooking process . ` These cookies will prove that raw healthy treats are the way to go . They taste just like the real deal without the guilt . Get making ! ' Raw movement : Not a fan of baked ? Give these raw version of the classic recipe a try . Ingredients . 2 cups oats . 1 cup quinoa flakes . 1 cup coconut , desiccated . 1 tsp vanilla powder . Pinch salt . 3/4 cup golden syrup * . 4 tbsp almond butter or other mild tasting nut butter -LRB- cashew or macadamia -RRB- . 1/2 cup oats . Method . Taline is founder of popular raw food app Hippie Lane . 1 . Process oats in the food processor to resemble fine flour consistency . This may take 1-2 minutes depending on the strength of your food processor . 2 . Add quinoa flakes and coconut and continue to process . 3 . Add vanilla , salt , golden syrup and almond butter and process until dough-like . The mixture should stick together . 4 . Roll mixture onto kitchen bench or cutting board , add extra oats and cut with round cookie cutter . 5 . Best eaten 30 minutes after removing from freezer . * I use golden syrup in this recipe as it adds the necessary flavour to achieve the true anzac cookie taste . For the healthiest version of this recipe , substitute the golden syrup with rice malt or maple syrup . For more recipes , follow Taline on Instagram and visit her website . ` These cookies will prove that raw healthy treats are the way to go . They taste just like the real deal without the guilt , ' says Taline . With slight variations in measurement , the traditional Anzac biscuit recipe tends to look something like this ... Ingredients . 1 cup rolled oats . 1 cup plain flour . 2/3 cup brown sugar . 2/3 cup desiccated coconut . 125g butter . 2 tablespoons golden syrup . 1/2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda . Method . Place rolled oats , flour , sugar , and coconut in a large bowl and combine . Melt butter and golden syrup in a saucepan over medium heat , adding bicarbonate of soda once melted . Add butter and syrup mixture to dry ingredients and stir to combine . Roll into balls and place on baking trays lined with baking paper . Bake in a 160 degree oven for 10-12 minutes . Classic recipe : The beloved classic features rolled oats , golden syrup and dessicated coconut .