Jon Bon Jovi ca n't go home . After almost two years on the market and an initial listing of $ 42million , the singer has sold his 7,500-square-foot New York City penthouse for $ 37.5 million . The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $ 24million , so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit . A bargain ... for a billionaire : Jon Bon Jovi has sold his New York City apartment for $ 37.5 million . On the road again : The Misunderstood singer seen here performing in Detroit , Michigan . The sale , by Douglas Elliman , was reported by Street Easy , though the buyer is not known . The duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms , five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens . Floor to ceiling windows offer panoramic views of the city , and 11-ft high ceilings make the interior open and filled with light . A wood-fire burning fireplaces add a homey feel to the spread which is decorated primarily in soft brown , beige and cream colors . Living large : With oversized windows and 11-foot-high ceilings the apartment has a light and airy feeling . Another major selling point was the large outdoor space . There are three large , landscaped terraces that total almost 3,100 square feet . After the 51-year-old bought the property six years ago , he did some renovations like changing the master bedroom . He sold the house completely furnished . ` This one-of-a-kind apartment is for the discerning buyer who can appreciate fine craftsmanship and all of the modern conveniences , ' said the listing . The property , which is located between Prince and Houston streets , sits on the top floor of the New Museum 's 158 Mercer Street building . This is n't the first time the Bon Jovi singer has listed the apartment . In 2010 he reportedly placed it on the market for $ 45m but then pulled the listing . It 's my life ... and my investment : The 51-year-old bought this downtown property for $ 24m in 2007 and his initial sales price was almost double that . This is n't the only property owned by the singer , born John Francis Bongiovi Jr. . He and his wife Dorothea have a multi-acre river-front spread in the sleepy but swanky town of Red Bank , New Jersey , and a large house on one of the most notable and costly streets in East Hampton , New York , that they plucked up in August 2004 for $ 7.6 million . In 2013 the band was estimated by Forbes to be worth approximately $ 79million . Their Because We Can Tour earned $ 3million per city , a massive number in the touring circuit . Jon gives back with Soul Kitchen , a pay as you want restaurant in New Jersey . On a clear day you can see forever : The person lucky enough to buy this penthouse wo n't gain only stunning views , they 'll also inherit all of the furniture the rocker picked out himself . Now that 's a family couch : The father of four could certainly fit his kids Stephanie , Jesse James , Jacob and Romeo on this semi-circle sofa that sits in front of a wood burning fireplace . Kitchen confidential : This dark wood style kitchen is just one of two in the two-level property . Living on a prayer , and a fluffy bed : This is just one of five bedrooms in Mr. Bongiovi 's sprawling home . Outdoor living : There 's almost 3,100 square feet of terrace to breathe in that Manhattan air . No , that 's not Windsor Castle : This New Jersey native owns a sprawling mansion in his home state that looks fit for royalty . He 'll be missed : Jon was seen talking to one of his neighbours at the NYC property he just sold . Moving on : The singer-songwriter seemed to have a lightness to his step as he walked down the sidewalk .