Set side by side it 's hard to believe they 're the same person . One with his shy smile , steady gaze and dark hair . The other , five decades on , pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair . These exclusive pictures obtained by Daily Mail Online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars , Dr Fredric Brandt , the year he graduated from Frank H Morrell High , Irvington , New Jersey . They were taken at the age of 18 , when he was , in his own words , just ` a Jewish kid from Newark , ' and before he had transformed himself , in every sense , into the figure lampooned on Netflix show ` Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , ' with such devastating consequences . Scroll down for video . The way he was : These exclusive pictures obtained by Daily Mail Online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars , Dr Frederic Brandt , the year he graduated from Frank H Morrell High in New Jersey . Dispirited : The famed 65-year-old doctor was found hanged in his Miami home . He had been left ` devastated ' by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey 's Netflix show . Changes : Five decades after his high school photo with his shy smile , steady gaze and dark hair , Dr. Brandt was pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair . It is two days since the famed 65-year-old doctor was found hanged in his Miami home . The City of Miami Police confirmed the suicide after Daily Mail Online broke the news earlier , and , according to those closest to Brandt , the doctor -- who had been suffering from depression -- had been left ` devastated ' by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey 's Netflix show . Now , seen here for the first time , Dr Brandt 's High School photos provide a glimpse into his life before fame , fortune and fillers . The pictures , taken in 1967 , show a hint of the smile that , according to the school 's yearbook earned him a reputation for his ` infectious grin ' and saw him characterized by his sense of humor . Known as ` Fred ' he was a popular and ` scholarly ' student with , it was noted , the promise of a ` medical career ahead . ' Born Frederic Sheldon Brandt in 1949 , he was prolific in his High School achievements , posing in one photo alongside other award-winning students . Among his many accolades listed are Assistant Editor of High School magazine the Morellian , President of the Spanish Club , Vice President of the Debate Club , Vice President of the Political Science Club and a place on the National Honors Society . He was also an enthusiastic member of the Theatre Arts Society and Tennis team . He was also voted Most Ambitious and Most Talkative student . But , for all that , in one of his last interviews , given to the New York Times in March 2014 , he recalled feeling very much that he was ` more of a different child , ' as he grew up in the Weequahic section of Newark , New Jersey . He said : ` I remember taking things apart as a kid , radios and other things . I was always questioning everything to see how it worked . ' In later life Dr Brandt accumulated vast wealth -- he had hundreds of patients , saw as many as 30 daily with some paying as much as $ 7,000 a pop and had a staggering collection of modern art . But as a boy he grew up in modest circumstances , raised by parents who owned a candy store . Three years before he graduated and before these pictures were taken , when he was just 15 years old , Brandt 's father died from complications of juvenile diabetes . Seven years later , as he was entering his first year at medical school , his mother died unexpectedly . Loss : Three years before these pictures were taken , when he was just 15 years old , Brandt 's father died from complications of juvenile diabetes . Seven years later , as he was entering his first year at medical school , his mother died unexpectedly . Dr. Brandt was known for his ` infectious grin ' and characterized by classmates as having a sense of humor . Known as ` Fred ' he was a popular and ` scholarly ' student with , it was noted , the promise of a ` medical career ahead . ' He was also voted Most Ambitious and Most Talkative student . The awards and accolades followed him from this 1967 yearbook through his professional career . Speaking to the New York Times last March he admitted : ` It was a lot to process , but you just have to forge ahead . ' He certainly did . Immediately after high school he attended Rutgers University , New Brunswick , New Jersey , graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in 1971 . He went on to graduate with his MD from Drexel University 's Hahnemann Medical College in Philadelphia in 1975 . Dermatology was not his first love though it would be the speciality on which he settled and which earned him a client list including Madonna , Kelly Ripa , Stephanie Seymour and a constellation of other entertainment big hitters . As a student he loved oncology , nephrology , hematology and cardiology . The one area of medicine in which the life-long bachelor took no real pleasure was pediatrics . He explained : ` You spent all your time calming patients down . ' Between 1976 and 1978 he completed his internship at New York University Veterans Administration before going onto specialise in dermatology at the University of Miami , 1978 -- 1981 . He set up a private practice in Miami and it was only in 1998 that an invitation to use a colleague 's New York office once a month to treat patients with ever evolving newly introduced facial fillers led Dr Brandt to his ultimate area of expertise . Fredric Sheldon Brandt yearbook photo from 1971 at Rutgers University , the year he graduated . He went on to obtain MD from Drexel University 's Hahnemann Medical College in Philadelphia in 1975 . Hurtful parody : According to those closest to Brandt , the doctor -- who had been suffering from depression -- had been left ` devastated ' by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey 's Netflix show . Tina Fey takes a selfie with Maya Rudolph and Martin Short last February . Poignantly , given his own unhappy demise , Dr Brandt 's ambition in his work had always been , he said , ` to restore a face to harmony , ' and ` to keep people working and feeling vital and good about themselves . ' He built an empire on his work . As well as seeing his private patients , he hosted a weekly call-in show on Sirius XM radio , ran a company manufacturing his own line of skin creams and serums and appeared regularly on the speaking circuit proselytizing on his speciality at international medical conferences . Over the years Dr Brandt practiced what he preached . He became best known for his Y lifts in which fillers are injected below the cheekbones . And he regularly injected himself with Botox , Restylane , Perlane , Juvedem and Voluma leading to his own startlingly changed appearance - converted into cruel and undeniable parody on ` Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt ' as Dr Franff . The good life : In later life Dr Brandt accumulated vast wealth . He had a staggering collection of modern art . But as a boy he grew up in modest circumstances , raised by parents who owned a candy store . Played by Martin Short Franff 's transformation is so grotesque that he can barely utter certain words -- including his own name . He is actually called Grant , rendering the veil of fiction between the character and Brandt even more gossamer thin . At one point the character is seen drinking from a surgical bag and reinflating his face after being punched . For Dr Brandt , who had always prided himself on being ` a kind of pioneer in pushing the limits to see how things work and what the look would be , ' the humor , viewed through the prism of his depression , cut deep . There have been many tributes since his death Comedian and former The View star , Joy Behar , yesterday tweeted , ` Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with . He will be sorely missed . ' Morning show host , Kelly Ripa , posted : ` My heart is breaking for the loss of Dr Frederic Brandt . My friend . You will be missed forever and in my heart even longer . '