Some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar , dentist Dr Sameer Patel warns . A busy working week can take its toll on our lives , leaving little time to plan our meals . From breakfast at the desk to the mid-afternoon slump , the temptation to take short cuts and grab the nearest pick me up is too much to resist . With so many products claiming to be ` healthy ' , it can be a real struggle to know what to pick from the shelves of your nearest high street shop . And lurking inside many seemingly ` healthy ' foods , are hidden ingredients that may be wreaking havoc with your teeth . Now , Dr Sameer Patel , clinical director at the Elleven practice in London 's Harley Street , has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the ` desk diet ' . Here , he reveals the biggest offenders , and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health during the working day . BREAKFAST . Dental Danger . Some breakfast cereals can contain as much as three teaspoons of sugar per serving -- this is around two and a half chocolate biscuits . Inconsistent labelling means that even the ` healthier ' brands can also be culprits and choices such as muesli can be surprisingly high in sugars . Solution . There is a way around this . Opt for low sugar options such as wheat biscuits or unsweetened porridge oats and if you need something to sweeten the taste go for honey or crunchy fruit . Eating your cereal with dairy products can also counteract the damage caused by sugar and have added benefits for your oral health . The calcium , phosphates and vitamin D in milk provides important minerals which can help improve the health of your teeth by strengthening and de-mineralising their structure . Probiotic yoghurt can also help decrease bad bacteria in the mouth which in turn limits tooth decay and helps to promote a healthy mouth environment . HOT DRINKS . Dental Danger . Coffee and tea are notorious for staining in between teeth and if drunk regularly , the staining , tannin compounds can build up and cause teeth to turn yellow . Regular consumption can also lead to bad breath , which is down to mouth dehydration . Caffeine is a diuretic and therefore dries out the mouth , counteracting the internal rinsing that normally occurs and causing bacteria to multiply . Solution . ` The best way to avoid this is to rinse the mouth with water after consumption , to wash away the tannins and rehydrate the mouth . A good alternative to your morning tea or coffee , is caffeine-free green tea . Tea and coffee are notorious for staining the teeth , and if drunk regularly , can cause a person 's teeth to turn yellow . ` Water also contains the mineral fluoride which makes teeth more resilient to acid erosion and decay . ` Alternatively you could swap your tea or coffee for caffeine-free herbal tea or green tea -- which contains polyphenols , that research has found can slow the growth of bacteria associated with cavities and gum disease and has the potential to clean plaque from the teeth . ' SANDWICHES . Dental Danger . A lot of supermarket sandwiches have added sugar to enhance flavour , and refined carbohydrates such as white bread can contribute to dental decay , because they contain simple sugars that dissolve quickly . When consumed , a surge of acid takes place inside the mouth and over long periods this acid can erode tooth enamel . These foods also take on a gummy consistency when chewed that can allow small particles to get trapped between teeth and make them extremely tough to budge . Solution . Wholewheat bread is a healthier choice for your teeth and some studies have shown that people who consume high amounts of whole grain have a lower instance of gum disease . White bread can contribute to dental decay , because it contains simple sugars that dissolve quickly . Dr Patel said wholewheat bread is a healthier choice for your teeth , with studies suggesting those who eat a large number of whole grains have a lower instance of gum disease . Whole grains are also rich in vitamins and minerals which serve to strengthen our teeth and keep our oral health in check . Adding a cheese or chicken filling is recommended as these calcium and phosphorus rich foods are thought to protect and strengthen teeth . COLD DRINKS . Dental Danger . For those who enjoy making breakfast smoothies and juices -- beware . Although fruit is considered to contain healthy acids , this is only the case when they are consumed as a whole , rather than as a concentrated juice . When fruit is juiced or blended , the sugars are released from the structure of the fruit and if drunk frequently can lead to decay . Juices also tend to have a high acid content which can severely damage the enamel of your teeth in a similar way to fizzy drinks . Solution . Ultimately , the best drink for your teeth is fluoride water . Calcium-rich dairy and soya milk which can strengthen our teeth and counteract the damage caused by acidic juices , are also an advisable choice . Good saliva flow is important in creating an alkaline environment in the mouth , thereby protecting teeth from exposure to acid - chewing gum regularly can aid this process . However , if you really ca n't bear to give up fruit juice , drink it through a straw to limit the damage to your teeth . Beware the breakfast smoothie , warns Dr Patel . He said when fruit is juiced or blended , sugars are released from the structure of the fruit , causing decay . And he added , popcorn is one desk snack that is particularly bad for your teeth , often containing high sugar levels and unpopped kernels are notorious for cracking teeth . DESK SNACKS . Dental Danger . Low calorie snacks such as dried fruit and popcorn are growing increasingly popular , but neither are good for your oral health . Despite the sugars in fruit being natural , when they make their way into your mouth , there is no difference between the sugars from fruit and the sugars from chocolate or sweets . Sugars found in raisins and dried apricots are highly concentrated by the drying and their chewy texture means they linger in the mouth , causing prolonged damage to teeth . Similarly popcorn creates lactic acid in your mouth , an offender when it comes to eroding tooth enamel , and the unpopped kernels are notorious for cracking teeth and damaging fillings . Solution . Firm/crunchy fruits -LRB- for example , apples and pears -RRB- are a sensible alternative as these foods have a high water content , which dilutes the effects of the sugars they contain . Regular flossing as part of your daily routine is also an integral way to remove trapped food and prevent a build-up of plaque , whilst keeping mouthwash and chewing gum to hand can help fight dental decay .