Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar . Spring has sprung this week and Dettori has been bouncing higher than Tigger . In this sort of form , those who suggested his best days were well behind him will have to eat their words . Frankie Dettori leaps from his mount after riding Muhaarar to win The AON Greenham Stakes at Newbury . Dettori rides Mr Singh to win The Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes at Newbury racecourse . Thursday 's announcement that Dettori 's boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani had signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the French-based horses in his expanding string , means the 44-year-old Italian can concentrate on Britain . That means less tiring criss-crossing of the Channel for Dettori as well as having another positive spin-off -- being available for rides going spare with old boss John Gosden after winter staffing rehuffles . So far , Dettori has been mopping them up . Three of the jockey 's winners -- Derby prospect Golden Horn , who won the Feilden Stakes at Newmarket , Oaks candidate Star of Seville , who scored at Newbury on Friday , plus maiden winner Mr Singh on Saturday were all prepared for action by Gosden . Dettori said : ` The Greenham was good . They went very fast and Muhaarar is a horse that needs to settle . He did and produced . ` I do n't think I have had thee flying dismounts before so early . I have had a fantastic week . It is brilliant and being back at John 's -- I have gone full circle . I am back to where I started . ' Dettori riding Muhaarar to victory in the The AON Greenham Stakes at Newbury on Saturday . Dettori had spoken of his enthusiasm for the season ahead when unveiled as the new ambassador for his home course Newmarket last week . He showed that on tricky Ayaar , 7-1 Luca Cumani-trained winner of Newbury 's Spring Cup . He now has nine winners from 29 rides , not sound seismic but it is significant compared to the last two seasons . The 2014 campaign had only 37 successes and , a truncated 2013 season when he returned from the doldrums of splitting from Godolphin and a six-month cocaine ban had him walking around like yesterday 's man . Dettori riding Ayaar win The Be Wiser Insurance Spring Cup at Newbury racecourse on Saturday . He is no longer champion jockey material but he does look to have significant better chances of good rides in quality races . His 1,000 Guineas ride will be Richard Hannon-trained Nell Gwyn Stakes winner Osaila , who runs for Sheik Joaan , while he must pick from Hannon-trained Craven Stakes third Moheet and John Quinn 's Group One winning two-year-old The Wow Factor in the 2,000 . Hannon has insisted both Greenham Stakes second and third Istidhkaar and Ivawood will join his Craven Stakes winner Kool Kompany in the 2,000 Guineas . He also might still run Tiggy Wiggy , runner-up to Ralph Beckett 's Redstart in the Fred Darling Stakes Saturday , in the 1,000 Guineas . But after a disappointing show , some bookmakers have taken her out of the ante-post betting .