An Oregon teenager was arrested after allegedly hitting a pedestrian with her car and fleeing the scene . Miranda Ashley Calvin , 19 , was arrested by Gresham police on Sunday afternoon . Police were called to a Gresham road at about 8.30 pm on Saturday night where they found 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Hornig dead when they arrived . Miranda Ashley Calvin , 19 , of Gresham , Oregon , was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene . The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning . When police arrived at the scene at about 8.30 pm on Saturday night , she was found dead . A white Mercedes Benz had been spotted fleeing the scene and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner , which led to Calvin 's arrest , according to Oregon Live . Gresham police said that tips from the public helped lead to the teenager 's arrest , who was found by police at a Marriott Hotel in Clackamas . Calvin was arrested and booked into Multnomah County Detention Center on manslaughter , felony hit-and-run and reckless driving . Her arraignment hearing will be later this week . Hornig 's son Maxwell Horning posted a status on Facebook remembering his mother after the incident . Horning , pictured here with her son Maxwell Horning , was a pedestrian when she was hit by a car on Saturday night . ` I got the worst new of my life at 1 am last night , ' he said . ` My mom was hit and killed by a hit and run driver . ' He wrote that it still feels ` unreal like being trapped in a bad dream you ca n't escape from but she is in a better place enjoying her new life with old friends and family ' . He said he missed his mother ` so much already ' and that he ` loved her so much ' , calling himself her ` number 1 son ' . He then posted a picture of his mother from when she was in high school in 1983 . She appears to be wearing a cheer leading uniform . Gresham Police said that anyone with information about the hit-and-run should call the tip line at -lrb- 503-rrb-618-2719 , where callers can remain anonymous if they wish . Horning 's son Maxwell Horning posted this photo of his mother -LRB- pictured right in a cheer uniform -RRB- from 1983 , along with a tribute to her saying he missed her ` so much already ' and that he was her ` number 1 son '