David Silva declared himself fit on Sunday night despite fears he had fractured his cheekbone after being caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate 's elbow . The Manchester City star was carried off in the win over West Ham following eight minutes of treatment on the pitch , where he was given oxygen . He went to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media to ease fans ' worries , and the club announced on Monday that tests showed no fracture . David Silva -LRB- left -RRB- receives an elbow to the face by the on-rushing Cheikhou Kouyate in the second half . The Spaniard was caught right on the cheekbone and has been taken to hospital to be assessed . Silva turns around in pain before receiving several minutes treatment and being given oxygen . ` Many thanks to all the messages of support , all the tests have gone well and I 'm already home . The three points is what was important ! ' he tweeted . Kouyate was only booked by referee Anthony Taylor and City boss Manuel Pellegrini believes the Senegal midfielder did not mean to injure his player . ` I always think that a player does n't want to damage another player , ' he said . ` The referee was so near and he decided it was unintentional . ` He decides what happens and gave a yellow card . I hope that it was an accidental collision . ` At this moment Silva is in hospital and they are checking if he has a broken bone in his cheek . It looked serious but we must wait for what happens at the hospital . ' Asked if Silva has been knocked unconscious , Pellegrini added : ` I do n't know . The doctor has some doubts about that . After that he recovers well so we are checking . ' West Ham manager Sam Allardyce claimed that the incident was ` accidental ' , saying : ` It was innocuous . I did n't think it was a foul . ` Everybody thinks it is more serious attack from Cheikhou than it was . ` It was n't deliberate at all . He has no idea , it has happened from behind him . I have seen the reaction from the video on the laptop . ' Silva was given put in a neck brace and given oxygen as his concerned team-mates looked on . City bounced back from their defeat in the Manchester derby to win 2-0 through James Collins 's own-goal and Sergio Aguero 's 20th Premier League strike of the season . Pellegrini 's side are now one point behind third-placed Manchester United , who lost at leaders Chelsea on Saturday , in the race for a top-four finish and seven clear of Liverpool in fifth . ` I think it was very important for our team to win , ' said the City boss . ` We were coming from two defeats in a row , and always when one is a derby it is worse . ' After seeing the Hammers fail to win for the 10th time in 11 games , Allardyce said : ` The most disappointing thing was the goals we gifted City . The two mistakes we make for the goals , one was pretty bizarre and the other unexpected from a player as experienced as Stewart Downing . ' The loss of Silva will be a big blow to Manchester City if his facial injury is as serious as first feared . Silva was taken off on a stretcher before being rushed to hospital as Manuel Pellegrini has a nervous wait . Jamie Carragher believes the FA have no option but to look into the incident . ` I think they will look at it . It 's one of those where no one knows but him if he meant to do it . It was like when Costa stamped on Skrtel . ` Nobody can say 100 per cent , only he knows but you know as players , there are certain challenges or when you 're running past someone you think - I can get away with this . ` I think he 's gone past and gone I 'll leave one on Silva and I 'll put my hands up like I never meant it . You could n't prove it but it does n't look good and should have been a red card . '