Teenage sensation Martin Odegaard was in line to become Real Madrid 's youngest ever player after he was named among the substitutes for the La Liga win against Almeria on Wednesday night . The 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if Carlo Ancelotti 's side were in a commanding lead against the relegation-threatened club at the Bernabeu . But the Norweigan had to sit patiently on the bench as Real beat Almeria 3-0 . Martin Odegaard takes part in the warm-up ahead of Real Madrid 's clash with Almeria at the Bernabeu . Odegaard takes his place on the bench alongside regular first team player Isco . The Norway international shows off some of his skills during the warm-up . Odegaard will become Real Madrid 's youngest player in the club 's history if he comes on . Odegaard , who is already a full international for Norway , does not turn 17 until December and at 16 years and 133 days would have become the youngest player in Real Madrid 's illustrious history . The former Stromgodset midfielder was joined on the bench by fellow promising youngster Borja Mayoral , an 18-year-old striker who has scored more than 40 goals for Real 's Under 18 team , as Ancelotti contends with an injury list and a packed schedule . Odegaard has struggled to settle in the Real Madrid Castilla team and was dropped by coach Zinedine Zidane last month and there is a feeling that he has already outgrown the B team . Odegaard joined the Champions League winners in January for an initial £ 2million fee as the Spanish giants fought off competition for his from just about every major club in Europe . Real closed the gap at the top of La Liga to two points following Barcelona 's 6-0 demolition of Getafe on Tuesday night . Odegaard talks with team-mate Borja Mayoral on the Bernabeu pitch ahead of kick-off . The Norway international heads the ball during the warm-up ahead of kick-off . Odegaard makes his way off the team coach before taking his place on the bench for the Almeria clash .