Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins . Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr , a fellow former West Coast Eagles player , according to The West Australian . The pair both made headlines in recent months , for different incidents , and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files . Acting Commissioner of West Australian Police , Stephen Brown confirmed to Daily Mail Australia an internal investigation is underway relating to access , but would not confirm or make comment about the people whose records had been accessed . Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins -LRB- pictured on April 9 -RRB- . ` I can confirm that WA Police are currently investigating accesses , by a large number of police employees , to the records of high profile persons within our internal computer systems , ' Commissioner Brown said in a statement . ` The focus of the investigation will be to determine if the accesses were justified having regard to the work role of each officer . This process will take some weeks , if not months , to complete . Allegations will be investigated under Section 440A of the Criminal Code , which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $ 12,000 fine for unauthorised computer usage . ` The disappointing thing from my view is that the behaviour of these personnel has triggered a series of resource intensive internal investigations which will likely have criminal and/or internal disciplinary outcomes , ' Mr Brown said . The disgraced football player -LRB- pictured during his career -RRB- was arrested three times in two weeks in March , and another warrant was issued for his arrest in April when he failed to front court . Cousins , pictured here in handcuffs arriving at court earlier in April , has a well-documented and public battle with methamphetamine . ` I suspect that the investigation will find that the majority of the accesses will have stemmed from mere curiosity , however this will not be known for sure until we undertake the investigation , ' he added . In light of the incident the Acting Commissioner also assured West Australians that their information was safe . ` The community can rest assured that we hold their information in high regard and will conduct investigations into all suspected access breaches of our computer systems . ' However the WA Police Union has reacted negatively to the news of an investigation , with president George Tilbury telling The West Australian officers had done nothing wrong . He said they exhibited ` professional curiosity ' and added ` there is no suggestion in these cases of any corruption ' . Ben Cousins was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of March , following a slew of erratic events . Cousins was spotted climbing onto the roof of a two-storey home in Perth earlier this month . Footage also emerged showing Cousins running through the streets away from police . Ben Cousins was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of March , following a slew of erratic events . Cousins was reportedly arrested after driving erratically and was caught breaking into a Sikh temple to compulsively take photos before climbing onto the roof of another home in Canning Vale in Perth 's south , according to Fairfax Media . The 36-year-old footballer allegedly upset Sikh priest , Jasvinder Singh and his wife when he reversed his car over the garden of the temple ground and parked in Mr Singh 's personal car park . On March 16 Cousins , who has a history of serious drug abuse , was assessed at a mental health facility after he was caught behind the secure fences of an SAS base . On April 8 when Cousins failed to front court on the driving charges a warrant for his arrest was issued . The next day the Perth-based former AFL star surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station .