Top-ranked Serena Williams had to fight back from a set down and figure out how to deal with strong winds before overcoming Italy 's Sara Errani 4-6 , 7-6 -LRB- 3 -RRB- , 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off Sunday , giving the United States a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series . While Williams held a massive 70-7 lead in winners , she committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked Errani . Until the very end , Williams struggled to dictate play against an opponent who had never before presented her with serious problems . Serena Williams fought back to beat Italian Sara Errani in the Fed Cup play-off on Sunday . Still , Williams improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in Fed Cup for her career . Next up , Brindisi-born Flavia Pennetta was facing 65th-ranked Christina McHale , followed by a potentially decisive doubles match . The doubles teams named were McHale and Alison Riske against Karin Knapp and Pennetta . But U.S. captain Mary Joe Fernandez has said that Williams will play doubles if the series is tied , in which case Errani would likely pair with Pennetta . Williams entered with a 7-0 career edge over Errani and had lost a total of four games in their previous two meetings . She usually dominates Errani by taking advantage of the Italian 's weak serve but the wind prevented her from stepping too far into the court . Tough weather conditions made it difficult for both players who had to keep on re-tossing their serves . The Circolo Tennis Brindisi is located next to the southern city 's port and a sharp breeze was blowing off the bay . Williams and Errani often had to catch their tosses and start their service motions over again , or delay play when the wind whipped clay into their eyes between points . ` The wind helped me , ' Errani said . ` Against a player like her it favored me . ' Errani gave Williams a real scare but in the end the world no 1 's power proved to be too much . Already in the first three games of the match , Williams committed nine unforced errors as Errani played her usual defensive game and just tried to keep the rallies going . With the soldout crowd of 4,000 chanting her first name , Errani served for the match at 5-4 in the second set but Williams played solidly and then the American surged to a 6-1 lead in the tiebreaker and pushed it to a third . There were four consecutive breaks of serve to open the third set and it was tied 3-3 before Williams finally surged ahead and won the final three games , closing it out at love in the last game on her first match point . ` It 's a shame . I was so close . It was just a matter of a few points , ' Errani said . ` But in the end , she created the difference . '