Danniella Westbrook 's cage fighting ex-fiancé has been arrested for allegedly assaulting and harassing her . Tom Richards , 25 , was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea . After being held in a cell for 11 hours , the cage fighter was bailed at 7 pm as police continue their investigation . It comes after Westbrook , 41 , made claims on social media that her younger former lover had been violent towards her , posting a photograph on Twitter of her bruised hand . The pair were last seen together at an Essex pub last month -LRB- above -RRB- after splitting up in November . It comes after the 41-year-old accused her younger former boyfriend of violence online . She was seen last month with a black-eye . Richards strenuously denies the allegations and has not been charged . Richards , who is an MMA fighter , has vehemently denied the allegations against him . The pair split in November last year after spending months together in California while Westbrook tried to rid herself of drugs . Speaking of his arrest yesterday , a spokesman for Richards said there was ` no truth ' behind the allegations . ` There is no truth in these allegations and we will be challenging them . ' The couple split in November after spending months together in California . Police arrested Richards in Swansea yesterday morning on suspicion of physically attacking his former girlfriend in Essex . While denying ever harassing or harming his former girlfriend , a spokesman added being arrested had been ` upsetting ' for Richards . ` He is training for a fight and could do without the distraction . Due to the seriousness of these allegations that 's all we can say at the moment . ' Taking to Twitter after being released , he wrote : ` Finally getting into bed after such a long day , cheers for all messages will reply tmz on here and other social media , #TeamBabyBoy -LRB- sic -RRB- . ' It is the second time Richards has faced legal action over allegedly abusing his former girlfriend . He was previously arrested over claims he gave the mother-of-two a black eye . Police later dropped the case against him . The claims of harassment involve alleged text messages and phone calls made to the blonde soap star . Westbrook has not spoken publicly of the most recent allegations . The actress , who was last year spotted at her local job centre collecting leaflets on childcare , is understood to be on holiday with her children . She and Richards became an item after the former EastEnders starlet parted ways with her husband of 12 years . They were last seen together in March when they met at an Essex pub . Westbrook , who has a history of drug addiction and homelessness , is understood to be on holiday with her children . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .