A group of daring drift trike riders have captured some amaznig footage as they zipped down the world 's steepest residential road on tricycles . Harley Jolly , Tyson Barr and Nic Roy -- known collectively as Slide Christchurch -- videoed themselves descending New Zealand 's Dunedin 's Baldwin Street on three-wheeled vehicles known as ` slide trikes ' . The short clip opens with a warning message , before the riders take their position at the top of the hill , famed for its 35 per cent gradient . Harley Jolly , Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin 's Baldwin Street on their trikes . After a quick thumbs up , the three men begin their descent -- the video is captured on a helmet camera . Drifting from left to right , the lead rider records his journey to the bottom , before the camera angle switches to that of a spectator , who picks up all three men . Moving back to the point of view footage of the lead rider , the camera picks up the exhilarating speed in which the group descend . Point of view footage captures the lead rider reaching extreme speeds while descending the hill . The camera angle switches to that of a spectator and picks up all three men making a rapid descent . Nearing the bottom , the three men hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom . The sleeves , seen wrapped around their tyres , are what allow the group to control their slide while drifting . Writing on Facebook , Jolly stated that he estimates the group managed to get over the 100 km -LRB- 60mph -RRB- mark . Baldwin street is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the Guinness Book of Records as the world 's steepest with a 35 % gradient . The group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom . But noted that this was down to looks from spectators and the feeling while riding as there was no speedometer to measure it accurately . Baldwin Street is located in the residential suburb of North East Valley , northeast of Dunedin 's city centre . The street is 350 metres -LRB- 1,150 ft -RRB- long and is officially recognised by the Guinness Book of Records as the world 's steepest with a 35 per cent gradient . Jolly stated that judging by the faces of onlookers the group managed to hit speeds of over 60mph . The sleeves wrapped around the tyres are what allow the group to control their slide while drifting .