Payback : Scammer Rilwan Oshodi has been told he must repay nearly £ 1million in fraudulent gains . A scammer who was the ringleader of a fraud gang has been ordered to repay nearly £ 1million which he stole from the life savings of an innocent victim . Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow 's bank account details for just £ 3,200 and spent her savings on cheeseburgers , bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers . He now claims he is so broke he ca n't even pay his lawyers - but a judge told him today that if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison . Nigerian Oshodi , 31 , bought Ms Budow 's Santander details from an Egyptian hacker Tamer Abdulhamid , who had persuaded her to hand them over as part of a fishing scam . His girlfriend Annette Jabeth then posed as the victim and withdrew her £ 1million life savings , which the gang spent in a three-day shopping splurge in the New Year sales in January 2012 . Detectives said that their purchases had ranged from cheeseburgers to high-end computers and gold ' , while Oshodi spent £ 1,134 on taxis and bought expensive gadgets including a MacBook and an iPhone . One picture of him even appears to show him holding a ` money sandwich ' , with Nigerian banknotes stashed between two slices of bread . He was jailed for eight years in 2013 after being convicted of two counts of conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to conceal criminal property . Appearing at Southwark Crown Court for a confiscation hearing today , Oshodi insisted he had not profited from the scam , and denied hiding money in overseas bank accounts . Money sandwich : This image appears to show Oshodi with Nigerian banknotes in between slices of bread . Champagne : But the scammer insists he does not have enough money to pay what he has been ordered to . He said : ` If I have hidden the goods , if I have got money how come I ca n't pay my solicitor , how come I ca n't rent a house , how come I was still broke , how come I am still broke , how come I am still poor ? ` Would n't I get myself a new car , would I not buy myself some new clothes , Louis Vuitton or something ? ' But judge Stephen Robbins said : ` I reject what he said today ... he was the main mover and architect of this fraud and he has hidden assets most likely outside this jurisdiction . ` He said he got nothing from it at all , no benefit directly . ' Determining Oshodi to have made £ 940,820.34 in profit from the fraud , the judge ordered that he repay the total sum within six months or face a further four years in jail . Girlfriend : Annette Jabeth was also jailed in 2013 for her part in Oshodi 's fraud . Abdulhamid was jailed for six years after admitting three counts of conspiracy to defraud , but this year he was ordered to repay just £ 686 out of the £ 74,000 profit he made from the scam . During a raid of Oshodi 's home , detectives discovered computers with details of more than 11,000 credit cards , including those of almost 8,500 UK customers . In a victim impact statement , Ms Budow said she was ` physically shaking ' when she was informed by the bank , adding : ` Since the theft I have been reimbursed the full amount by Santander . ` But the effect it has had on me personally has been one of complete violation of my privacy . People have gained access to my personal details and I fear what they will use the information for . ' Jabeth and five others were also jailed for being involved in the scam .