Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic are on another collision course in Miami after the Serbian beat David Ferrer to reach the semi-finals of the Miami Open . With Murray set to face Tomas Berdych in his semi-final , the man who beat him to the Australian Open and then again in the semis of Indian Wells secured his own last-four spot with a 7-5 7-5 success . Ferrer made a fast start taking the opening three matches as he dominated the world number one , but he was unable to keep the pace and was eventually hunted down on his 33rd birthday . Novak Djokovic celebrates reaching the Miami Open semi-finals after his 7-5 , 7-5 success over David Ferrer . The world No 1 is likely to face Briton Andy Murray in the Miami final should he beat John Isner . Ferrer dominated the quarter-final early on but was unable to sustain the pace against the world No 1 . Djokovic and birthday boy Ferrer embrace at the conclusion of their match in Miami . ` I was n't feeling the ball that great at the beginning , but I knew that I 'm going to have my chances if I stayed committed , if I kept on working , ' Djokovic - looking an unbreakable force this season - said on the tournament 's official website . ` But I had to earn my points . I had to fight for everything that I got tonight on the court , because he was n't going to give it to me . I knew that coming onto the court . ` I knew that he 's a great competitor , that he grinds a lot , runs , and makes you play always an extra shot . That 's why he 's been top-10 player for so many years and he 's tough to beat . ' John Isner is up next for Djokovic after the American made it back-to-back wins over top-10 opponents . Hot on the heels of Tuesday 's gruelling three-set triumph over Milos Raonic , the world number 24 had a more straight forward evening against fourth seed Kei Nishikori , winning 6-4 6-3 . Japanese star Nishikori paid tribute to his opponent afterwards , telling the ATP Tour website : ` I think he play really well today . The sun sets over the Crandon Park Tennis Center in Key Biscayne , Miami as Djokovic and Ferrer play . Spectators at the quarter-final match were treated to a spectacular sunset as the players fought it out . John Isner celebrates after defeating Kei Nishikori 6-4 , 6-3 in his quarter-final and will play Djokovic next . American Isner makes a return on his way to victory during the quarter-final tussle in Miami . Nishikori struggled to cope with Isner 's serve and admitted he ` could n't really stop him ' ` On the serve , I did n't have any chance . Also , his forehand and backhand - he hit some winners from the back of the baseline . I could n't really stop him today . I do n't think I really played bad . Maybe I could do a little better with everything , but I think he played well today . ' Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women 's final after they both came through their semis on Thursday . Fresh from her 700th career success on Wednesday , world number one Williams saw off Indian Wells champion Simona Halep 6-2 4-6 7-5 . Halep - who has won more games than anyone on tour this year - was broken twice in the first set but found a way to combat Williams in the second , attacking her forehand and drawing 37 errors on it but , after winning the second set , she lost her serve in what proved to be the final game of the decider . Serena Williams celebrates after beating Simona Halep 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 in her semi-final match . Williams was annoyed with the number of mistakes she made but still reached the final in Miami . Simona Halep fought hard against Williams but ultimately lost in three sets . ` I hit more errors than I did in my last match , which I thought was impossible , ' Williams told the tournament 's official website . ` I 'm just not at my best level right now which is a little frustrating . ' Williams has held top spot in the rankings for 110 weeks , though , and knows what improvements she has to make . ` I feel like the match was on my racquet and I really had opportunities in the second . I just did n't take them , ' Williams added . ` That is something I ca n't do going into the grand slams coming up . ' Carla Suarez Navarro celebrates after defeating Andrea Petkovic 6-3 , 6-3 to book her place in the final . Andrea Petkovic shows her frustration during the semi-final defeat to Carla Suarez Navarro . Navarro made fairly light work of Andrea Petkovic , who was seeded three places higher in ninth , and eased to a 6-3 6-3 victory . The Spaniard did not face a single break point in nine service games , dropping just 13 points , while Petkovic offered up 32 unforced errors to bow out with a whimper . ` I feel so happy . It 's so important for me , ' Navarro told the WTA website . ` I was practicing and working all year with my team for a moment like this . '