An infertile woman convinced her new husband to repeatedly rape her 15-year-old daughter so she could have another child . Misty Machinshok , 33 , has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse in which she ` coached ' the pair on the best positions to conceive , and held her daughter 's hand ` the first few times ' . She planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania . Her 29-year-old husband Gary Machinshok , who she met through a website called onlinebootycall.com , will be sentenced this month after pleading no contest to raping the child ` every few days ' throughout 2013 . Jailed : Misty Machinshok , 33 , pleaded no contest to all charges for convincing her new husband to rape her 15-year-old daughter . The court heard it was a plot to have another child , as she is no longer fertile . He also admitted to sexually assaulting her 11-year-old sister but struck a plea deal which means he can not be charged for it . Prosecutor Nancy Violi called the crime ` the most heinous ' she had dealt with in 14 years on the job . The rape came to light when one of the girl 's friends alerted a teacher who called police , Violi said . Both victims are now in foster care . Awaiting sentencing : Her husband Gary Machinshok , 29 , whom she met on onlinebootycall.com , has admitted raping the girl ` every few days ' in 2013 , and sexually assaulting her 11-year-old sister . It is not clear why Mrs Machinshok is no longer able to have children . In January , she pleaded guilty to rape , aggravated assault , conspiracy , child endangerment and other counts . Defense attorney Mary Deady conceded that her client had made ` a lot of bad decisions , ' but said she was pleading guilty to protect the child from having to testify . Mrs Machinshok ' father , Bill Englert , also leaped to her defense to say her involvement in the rape was ` over-emphasized ' by prosecutors , according to Inquisitr .