Smartly dressed in a bowler hat and waistcoat , these civilians may look like respectable members of society in Edwardian England . In fact , they were the drunkards banned from every boozer in Birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine , riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of ` complete incompetence ' . They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898 . The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol . Scroll down for video . Boozy : Kitted out in a bowler hat and waistcoat , he may appear to be a right-thinking member of Edwardian England , but Matthew Moran was banned from every pub in Birmingham at the turn of the century . Black listed : Alice Tatlow was also banned from every Birmingham boozer for being ` drunk and disorderly ' ; publicans were told they could recognise her by a tattoo of the Prince of Wales 's feathers . Barred : 46-year-old Mary Bayliss was one of the many respectable-looking women barred from drinking in Birmingham after being found drunk and disorderly . On the blacklist , each drunkard 's entry includes photographs , their name , alias , residence , employment , physical description , distinguishing marks , nature of conviction and the sentence received for booze-related crimes . Offenders who were caught drunk and disorderly were ordered to work up to 21 days of ` hard labour ' in comparison to today 's fixed penalty or fine . They form part of the UK Midlands Collection , which covers a 400 year period and contains more than 21 million records detailing the good , the bad and the famous who have shaped the history of the city . Unearthed by Ancestry , the world 's largest online family history resource , the records are available for all to see . Ladette : Elizabeth Thompson was a 29-year-old prostitute when she was arrested for drunkenness and sentenced to two weeks ' hard labour . Rowdy : Charwoman Susannah Booton was arrested for drunken behaviour in February 1906 . Criminal : Each notice bore a mugshot of the criminal , as well as a description of their nose and face ; Annie Hodgkins was said to have a ` fresh complexion ' despite being sentenced to three weeks ' hard labour . Poster : Unemployed Kate Kibble , another woman convicted of being drunk and disorderly , was described as having a ` broad ' build , as well as losing her right eye and having ` both little fingers crooked ' Some of the bizarre offences committed by past Birmingham residents include theft of a dead duck and riding a horse while drunk . Nearly 10,000 Edwardian felons are listed in the UK Midlands criminal registers providing fascinating insight into the murky underworld of Birmingham 's metropolis more than a century ago . Among those on the blacklist are Henry Bonus , 40 , who was sentenced to a year 's hard labour and three months ' police supervision after stealing eight pounds of ham . Elsewhere , 18-year-old William Handley was sentenced to eight months ' hard labour and one-year 's police supervision for stealing a ` dead duck ' and a teapot . Careers : Sarah Henson combined her job as a dressmaker with an extra source of income as a prostitute , before being banned from pubs for being drunk and disorderly . Haggard : Just 38 , Eliza Fallon looked a lot older than her years when she was arrested for drunkenness . Distinctive : Sarah Evans , left , and Ellen Heaton , right , could be recognised by their scars , according to the Birmingham archives . Records reveal how offenders came from a variety of backgrounds , such as metal cutters , grease merchants , labourers and hawkers . Many had aliases - suggesting criminal careers - while others had scars or physical handicaps , ranging from Kate Kibble 's one eye to cut marks on faces , broken noses and missing fingers . Some , however , lived perfectly respectable lives - until they walked through the door of their local watering hole . It shows how those living in Edwardian England were just as likely to get half-cut and troublesome on a night out as boozy Brits in today 's binge drinking culture .