Officer Michael Slager is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall without the entire cell block being cleared first , according to his lawyer . Slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston , South Carolina , on Saturday . His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail . Scroll down for video . Patrolman Michael Slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston , South Carolina , on Saturday . Pictured : Slager and an unknown woman . Slager pictured with two women who have not been identified . His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail . He said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes , that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the North Charleston police officer to the meeting place because they had to clear all of the cell blocks . A jail staff member told the New York Daily News : ` He would n't last one week in the general population . Everyone inside is talking about it . Of course people want to get at him . ' CBS reports Slager 's mother is expected to visit her son Friday for the first time since the shooting . She has defended her son in an interview , saying she can not believe that he would do anything like what he 's accused of . Karen Sharpe -LRB- above -RRB- the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager , defended her son in an interview . Killing : Walter Scott , left , was killed by Michael Slager , right . Scott was in the Coast Guard for two years , and is pictured left in uniform . Slager is being held in jail on murder charges , and is pictured right in his prison mugshot . She also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated . Ms Sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting . She also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott 's family , the man her son shot dead . I just ca n't , ' Sharpe told ABC News . ` Maybe to some people , ` Well , you 're being in denial , ' but I 'm sorry I just ca n't . I just - I know how Michael is . ' She went on to say her son loved being an officer . ` I ca n't imagine him doing something , it 's just not like him , ' she said of the shooting . ` That 's just not his character . It 's not . ' On Friday it was revealed that no warrant had been issued for Walter Scott 's arrest when he ran from Officer Michael Slager moments before he was shot dead , it has been revealed . Court records show he was $ 7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments . His family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop . But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge , despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012 . Escape : Dashcam footage released on Thursday shows Walter Scott running away from his car minutes before he is shot dead by Officer Michael Sager . His family believed he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind on child support payments . History : Scott had already been jailed three times over missed payments , but court records have revealed there was no warrant out for his arrest when he was pulled over . Minutes later he was shot dead . In 2008 , after a traffic stop in which he was charged with an open-container violation and driving under suspension , he was sent to jail in Charleston for six months for failing to pay about $ 6,800 . In 2011 , bench warrants ordered deputies to bring him in , and Scott spent a night in jail when he was $ 7,500 behind . In 2012 , he spent another night in jail when he owed $ 3,500 . On Thursday a police dashboard camera video released Thursday shows Scott bolting from his Mercedes after he pulled over . The camera on Slager 's patrol car captures him telling Scott his third brake light is broken , before asking him to produce insurance papers . Scott , who appears to be accompanied by a person in the passenger seat , explains he does not have any documents as he has yet to officially buy the car . ` I have n't bought it yet , I 'm about to do that Monday ... . My car is down , ' he says . Horrifying : Scott was gunned down as he ran away from Sager , who has since been charged with his murder . The officer appears calm , checks his licence , then tells him : ` I 'll be right back with you . ' When Slager returns to his vehicle , Scott flees , running towards the park where he would die moments later . Off camera , a scuffle can be heard , with shouts of ` Taser , Taser , Taser ! ' and ` Get on the ground ! ' Slager 's account has been called into question after a shocking video taken by a witness shows the officer shooting Scott in the back . In the dash cam footage , captured from Slager 's patrol car , the officer explains , ` The reason I 've pulled you over is because your third brakelight is out . ' The conversation is muffled , with music playing in Slager 's car obscuring the sound . He can be heard asking Scott for his licence , registration and insurance card . Scott responds that he does n't have papers as he has not yet to bought the car . ` Alright let me see your licence , ' Slager replies . ` So you do n't have any papers in the glove pocket ? ' Scott repeats that he does not and he is paying for the car on Monday . Slager returns to his car . A minute later , Scott opens the door , and gestures to Slager , who shouts , ` you 've got to stay in the car ! ' Scott then sits back inside the car - and moments later flees . The only other footage of the incident shows the moment Scott was shot . Released earlier this week , it begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after Slager fires his Taser . Wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from Scott 's body . As Scott turns to run , Slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . The video shows Slager handcuffing Scott 's lifeless body .