The daughter of two respected solicitors and a Scotland Yard detective who are accused of running an upmarket vice ring appeared in court today . Beatrice Nokes , 21 , faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in Central London . The University College London chemistry student is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex . Beatrice Nokes , 21 , pictured left and right outside court today , faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in Central London . She is accused of running the vice ring with Daniel Williams . She is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with 37-year-old Met police officer Daniel Williams . He faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding the profits of their activities in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home . He is accused of committing the crimes while on and off-duty . Nokes , a keen horsewoman , artist and charity fundraiser , is the daughter of two highly experienced legal professionals . Her father , Jonathan Nokes , 66 , is a partner at respected law firm Anthony Gold where he specialises in commercial property law . Her mother , Ceinwen Rowles , 59 , specialises in education law , discrimination and complaints and is taking a case to the European Court of Human Rights . The detective constable , who is suspended from duty , was based at Tooting police station in Wandsworth , South West London , pictured . He is accused of committing the crimes while on and off-duty . They both accompanied her to Westminster Magistrates ' Court when she went before a judge for the first time last month . Today , Nokes appeared at Southwark Crown Court her name . Williams was also present . The both face three charges of ` causing or inciting ' prostitution ` in the expectation of gain ' in September and October last year . Williams faces seven further charges including controlling prostitution for gain in the 10 months up until his arrest by anti-corruption colleagues on October 8 . The detective constable , who is suspended from duty , was based at Tooting police station in Wandsworth , South West London . Several weeks after he was first arrested Williams was also accused of spying on unsuspecting women hotel guests at at the Jury 's Inn in Milton Keynes -LRB- left -RRB- and The Mandolay Hotel , Guildford , Surrey -LRB- right -RRB- . He is accused of two counts of misconduct in a public office , firstly by running the prostitution ring and secondly by using police computers to check clients . A further charge alleges he concealed a ` large quantity of cash ' by stuffing it in socks and hiding it in the chimney of his Putney home . Several weeks after he was first arrested Williams was also accused of using hi-tech hidden equipment to spy on unsuspecting women hotel guests . He is said to have watched the victims at the Jury 's Inn in Milton Keynes and The Mandolay Hotel , Guildford , Surrey , between January and October last year . Williams , of Putney , south west London , and Nokes , of Islington , north London , are both on bail and will return to Southwark Crown Court on 15 May to enter their pleas . The trial which is fixed for 12 September next year is expected to last between four and six weeks . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .