John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on from the training-ground bust-up which saw the player dropped for Sunday 's defeat by Spurs . As reported by Sportsmail , the pair were involved in a disagreement last week and Carver took the decision to remove the Argentine from the matchday squad . But Carver , speaking ahead of Saturday 's visit of Swansea , said : ` There was a situation on the training ground which happens at every club . John Carver spoke to the media after taking a training session with his Newcastle United squad on Thursday . Last week , Carver and Jonas Gutierrez had a bust-up that caused the player to be left out of the squad . Siem de Jong -LRB- centre -RRB- warms up with his team-mates as he continues his recovery from serious injury . Mehdi Abeid , Yoan Gouffran , Jonas Gutierrez , Fabricio Coloccini and Ayoze Perez -LRB- l-r -RRB- train on Thursday . ` We 've since got together , had a conversation , shaken hands like two grown men and we 're moving on . ` As far as we 're both concerned he trained with us on Monday and there are no hard feelings . ` We 've shaken hands and are moving on - he 's in the squad for the weekend , absolutely . ' Newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats in the Premier League if they lose to the Swans . Remy Cabella strikes the ball during a shooting drill at training on Thursday morning . Second-choice goalkeeper Freddie Woodman dives to his left to make a save during training . Carver says that he and Gutierrez have shaken hands ` like two grown men ' and moved on from the incident . Ryan Taylor -LRB- right -RRB- and former Sunderland defender Jack Colback warm up at Newcastle 's Training Centre . And Carver added : ` It 's not a nice record to have is it ? ` But the time for talking about what we 're trying to do is over , we have to produce the goods on the pitch . ` A lot of players have gone on the record and said we 're going to do this or that , myself included . We 've talked a lot but actions speak louder than words and now 's the time . '