Outspoken weight loss expert Steve Miller is on a mission to tackle Britain 's obesity crisis and has put forward a strict five-point plan he thinks will work wonders . The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population . Some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street , fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight . An outspoken weight loss expert , Steve Miller , has devised a five-point plan he is convinced will help tackle Britain 's obesity crisis . Steve claims that these interventions could save the country and the NHS millions . He said : ` The financial burden obesity has placed on the UK 's economy is astronomical , it cost the nation nearly £ 47bn in 2014 alone . ` I am sick and tired of the weak measures in place that are clearly failing to tackle this nationwide health issue . ` It 's obvious that drastic steps need to taken in order to take fat seriously . I do n't care if my views make me unpopular , as long as they make people sit up and listen . ' The five simple steps that Steve is pledging are as follows : . 1 . Getting fat celebrities to lose weight . Steve believes that overweight celebrities and public figures are promoting an unhealthy body image and are bad role models . He is offering to move in with people he deems overweight to help motivate them to lose weight and get them in the right mindset . Steve claims that these interventions , including obesity wardens in the street , fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight , could save the country and the NHS millions . 2 . Fast food warning signs . Steve claims weight loss is all about control and currently the temptation to pig out is always there with no restrictions . He believes by installing fat warning signs outside fast food joints , there is a concrete health warning for those who are overweight , which should make them think twice before tucking into a burger and fries . Steve claims weight loss is all about control and currently the temptation to pig out is always there with no restrictions . 3 . Obesity wardens . Under Steve 's plan , these would be Government-employed individuals who could speak on the street to fat people and openly to encourage them to lose weight . Sometimes it takes someone else to tell you to take action before you see what a huge problem being overweight is and from Steve 's experience , he is convinced constructive fat shaming works . 4 . Payments for two seats on a plane and cinemas . According to Steve , double payment for plane seats is another way of constructively fat shaming . He believes airlines , cinemas , and theatres should all have scales and if you are over the maximum weight for your height , you should pay to cover two seats . Staff would reserve the right to weigh the customer upon arrival if they believe the customer is too fat for one seat . 5 . Heart attack photos on foods that are obviously very calorific . Steve believes the Department of Health needs to get tough . He claims they have no qualms about using shock tactics with other serious health issues - such as the graphic images on cigarette packaging - and says they need to treat obesity as seriously . Steve 's calling for photos of clogged arteries and other graphic content to be put on foods with high calorie content as a public health warning .