Hearts have confirmed that captain Danny Wilson will leave the club this summer after the defender activated a clause in his contract . Despite having a further year left on his current deal at Tynecastle , the 23-year-old has decided to look for a new challenge in the wake of leading the Gorgie outfit to Championship title success . Wilson initially joined Hearts on loan from Liverpool in January 2013 before then putting pen to paper on a three-year contract . Hearts captain Danny Wilson has decided to leave the club at the end of the season . The defender scores against Rangers earlier in the season en route to Hearts ' Championship title . As Sportsmail exclusively revealed , Celtic manager Ronny Deila has the former Rangers player on a list of his summer targets . But it is understood that Wilson has not yet agreed with any club , although there is interest from England and abroad . Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson said : ` Danny 's decided he wants a new challenge and , as I 've said previously , I 'll never stand in the way of any player who wants to move on so he goes with our blessing and our thanks . ` He 's been an outstanding servant to this club and has played a vital part in its revival this season . Hearts manager Robbie Neilson -LRB- left -RRB- admits it will be difficult to lose the influential defender . Sam Nicholson -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates after scoring the opener in Hearts 2-1 defeat of Raith at the weekend . ` Danny 's probably seen it all in the two and a half years that he 's been here , and probably had good cause to leave sooner if he had wished to do so . ` He took a pay cut during the bad times and was instrumental in helping to keep spirits up when things looked bleak ; buying season tickets and donating them to club charity Big Hearts , and donating several raffle prizes for club events and then buying them back . ` He had options to go at the start of this season but he stayed because he wanted to see the job through and get us back to the top flight so for that I ca n't thank him enough . Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for the former Rangers player . ` We 'll miss him on and off the park and he 's been a great captain but that 's football ; players join and players leave and we 're no different here at Hearts . ` We 'll continue to work hard to assemble a squad that can challenge for a top-half spot in the Premiership . ' Wilson is suspended for this weekend 's clash with Cowdenbeath but is set to lift the Championship trophy on May 2 as Hearts wrap up the campaign at home to Rangers .