They 're the best of friends who work and play together , so it 's hardly surprising that Gigi Hadid has picked up some words of wisdom from Kendall Jenner . The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback , particularly on social media . Speaking to Style.com , Gigi said : ` From Kendall I learned how to deal with the haters . She has a really good sense of when to stand up -LSB- on social media -RSB- and when to back off . ' Scroll down for video . Gigi Hadid has credited her best friend Kendall Jenner , right , for helping her deal with social media haters . And it 's not only Kendall , 19 , who Gigi has taken social media tips from as she believes former Victoria 's Secret model Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona . She added : ` I think she does such a good job of showing who she is . She lets her personality really shine in her Instagram . ' While Kendall Jenner is taking the fashion world by the storm , she has her fair share of haters . The fledgling model 's meteoric rise as a professional runway model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues , according to a report . At New York Fashion Week , Kendall was allegedly bullied by her fellow models , who even went so far as to put cigarettes out in her drink . In another incident , Lexi Boling , along with fellow model Binx Walton , left cruel comments on a pre-show image of Kendall shared on Vogue Germany 's Instagram feed . The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback . Gigi said that Kendall has a really good sense of when to stand up -LSB- on social media -RSB- and when to back off . Lexi , 21 , tagged her friend Binx , 20 , in the comment : ' @binxwalton she 's never looked better , ' with a crying with laughter emoticon . Teen Vogue cover star Binx replied : ` That 's f **** d up , ' with the same animated laughing face . The two comments have since been deleted from the Vogue Germany photo , but followers ' horrified responses remain . Lexi has since apologised for the comment . In a statement issued via a representative to E! News , she said : ` I was n't thinking and made a silly comment . Kendall 's had a killer NYFW . A big congrats to her ! ' Gigi , centre , is best friends with fellow supermodels Cara Delevingne , left , and Kendall , right . The latter remark is certainly true . Kendall is unarguably one of the world 's most in-demand stars . Her appearance in a Chanel fashion show in New York City on Tuesday was case in point . Kendall and her best friend Cara Delevingne were linked as they closed the Paris-Salzburg 2014/15 Metiers d'Art Collection at Park Avenue Armory in two very unique and elaborate ensembles - Kendall in black , Cara in white . And shadowing the young beauties was the designer himself , Karl Lagerfeld . Gigi , Cara and Kendall looked delighted to be reunited at Wednesday night 's Chanel event . Frame Denim Le Skinny de Jeanne mid rise jeans . Buy at Nordstrom . Visit site . BFFs Cara Delevingne and Kendall Jenner were back together again at Karl Lagerfeld 's Chanel cruise , but it was n't the only reunion of the night . Kendall was kitted out in a pair of monochrome printed trousers but Cara opted for her favorite super distressed skinny jeans by Frame Denim . We 've spotted her in them several times before and it 's easy to see why . They 've got a great snug fit , are mid-rise which is easy to wear and of course all that on trend shredding makes them a must have . Unfortunately you ca n't buy these exact design anymore but click right to Neiman Marcus now to get a similar design from Neiman Marcus . Style like Cara with some lace up boots and a sports luxe sweater . Or work a simple tee and heels for fashion editor edge . Price putting you off ? Then get the look for a lot less with our high street edit below . Topshop ripped black jeans at Nordstrom . Visit site . Missguided Brigitte ripped jeans . Visit site . Boohoo Chloe ripped black jeans . Visit site . Joe 's Jeans Finn ripped jeans . Visit site .