The girlfriend of a Google engineer who died in the deadly avalanche on Mount Everest described him as a magical person whose purpose in life was to constantly challenge himself . Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted . The Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday , causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp . Ashley Arenson -LRB- left -RRB- said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted . He was one of the four American citizens to die at Mount Everest during the deadly avalanche on Saturday . Arenson revealed that the Google engineer and Arkansas-native wanted to return to Mount Everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed . After hearing the news of his death . Arenson posted an image of Fridenburg wearing a white t-shirt on Instagram alongside the message : Modern day superman . This photo was taken at The Laundry , SF during construction in September . ` Pure joy overcame @danfredinburg as he showed me one of the ways he is going to change the world . ' Speaking to CNN , Arenson said : ` He 's brought out the best version in me . He would constantly make you want to be the best person you can . ` All of his choices were to help him become happy . ` He had this way of making the people around him just feel special without even trying , and make people feel like they could accomplish anything they wanted , ' she added . She revealed that he wanted to return to Mount Everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed . The Arkansas School of Math graduate had planned to attempt to reach the summit , when his trip was cancelled . He had been travelling to the Himalayas frequently as part of the Google Adventures team , who were mapping out extreme routes around the world . ` I do n't think Dan would want people to do just one thing . He would want them to constantly challenge themselves , ' Arenson said . ` What Dan would want is for every single person out there to live life to the fullest and live in the moment because that 's what he did . That 's how he lived his life . ' Arenson sat alongside one of Fredinburg 's closest friends Michael North . The couple often went on adventures together and would share their experiences on Instagram . Arenson said Fredinnburg brought out the best in her . On this social media post four months ago , Arenson said she could n't wait to be reunited with her ` partner in crime ' . The pair met again before he set off to Everest for the expedition . The pair were wearing yellow scarves , which are given during a Nepalese ceremony to ensure safe passage over the mountain . He said : ` We would say Dan had this ability to create a reality-distortion field . That he had so much power , he could change reality ... He would make the world just such a happy , vibrant place to be . ' North also started a company with Fredinburg called Save the Ice , a group which travels the world to document climate change hotspots . They released a statement following his death saying : ` Save the Ice mourns the loss of our co-founder Dan Fredinburg , who perished during this morning 's avalanche while climbing Mt. Everest for our `` Expedition Everest '' campaign . We have lost a great friend , inspiring adventurer , and , above all , a warrior for the planet . ' His friends have since uploaded a Crowdrise page in Fredinburg 's memory , with all the funds going to relief efforts and an orphanage he was involved in . More than $ 38,000 has been raised so far . Fredinburg started at Google in 2007 . Beforehand he graduated from the Arkansas School of Math , Science and Art in Hot Springs in 1999 , before moving on with his career . He started at the technology company as product manager and then head of privacy at Google X , the company 's secretive arm best known for ` moonshot ' projects such as the self-driving car . Fredinburg had been travelling to the Himalayas frequently as part of the Google Adventures team , who were mapping out extreme routes around the world . After hearing the news of his death . Arenson posted an image of Fredinburg wearing a white t-shirt on Instagram alongside a message which began : ` Modern day superman ' Before Dan Fredinburg left for his Everest expedition , his girlfriend gave him a bundle of letters he could only open when he reached the summit . It is not known whether he got a chance to read them . Close friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the message he wrote to his late friend on Facebook on Saturday alongside a tribute . Part of it read : ` Your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better . With each adventure you return with stories that most people would n't dream of experiencing themselves . ` Thank you for pushing the human race to be greater , more daring , and to truly live life rather than survive it . ' Fridenburg 's friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute . In it he said : ` Your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better '