The Ukip candidate exposed by The Mail on Sunday after calling for all immigrants to be sent home is at the centre of a row over claims she falsely said her son was injured in Afghanistan . Victoria Ayling , who is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby , made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at Ukip meetings . After saying it was because she had spent ` five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in Afghanistan ' , Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd , the leader of Ukip 's North East Lincolnshire group , launched an investigation . Scroll down for video . Row : UKIP politician Victoria Ayling , with party leader Nigel Farage , who is being questioned over claims about son . Astonishingly , he has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented her son 's situation . Mrs Ayling denies that is the case . It is the latest controversy to hit the 55-year-old , who in 2013 was caught on camera calling for all immigrants to be repatriated , saying : ` I just want to send the lot back . ' She claimed her remarks had been taken ` out of context ' . Mrs Ayling fought Great Grimsby at the 2010 Election as a Tory , coming within 714 votes of a shock victory against Labour veteran Austin Mitchell , who is now standing down . The seat is high on Ukip leader Nigel Farage 's hitlist . Controversy : Victoria Ayling on front page of Mail on Sunday . Lieut-Col Shepherd set out his findings in a memo dated Monday December 8 , which read : ` I understand her son Anthony Bowles is stationed in Woolwich as part of the 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment . I have spoken with the Adjutant of 1 RA who can not release details to me . Anthony 's grandmother Brenda has stated he 's not been blown up . ' Shortly afterwards , Mrs Ayling was confronted by local Ukip councillor Matt Stinson about whether her son had been injured . The incident took place at a meeting attended by David Soutter , whose job is to vet Ukip candidates . Mrs Ayling fought back , saying : ` It is a private matter and nothing to do with you , Matt . My son had problems in Afghanistan and is recovered and back in service . ` If anybody in the Army is giving out mistruths or anything about my son I want to know their name -- they have got no right to talk about another soldier 's private life . ' Last night , this newspaper was called anonymously by a man who said he was a soldier who had served alongside Mr Bowles . The unidentified caller said Ukip 's Grimsby party had been unfair to Mrs Ayling -- because she had kept the matter quiet to protect her son . He added Mr Bowles had been caught up in a ` very bad situation ' , which he declined to describe . Lieut-Col Shepherd said last night : ` You 'll have to talk to Victoria about that . ' Mrs Ayling said : ` This is a private matter . ' The MoD declined to comment .