Are you partial to a prawn mayo sandwich , drawn by the lure of a shrimp cocktail on a menu ? Once only enjoyed by the affluent , prawns are now a healthy , cheap option filling supermarkets , sandwich bars and restaurants across the world . But have you ever stopped to think about where the ones you 're eating have come from ? Forget sun-kissed seas and a lone fisherman casting his nets into the Indian Ocean to haul in his catch . For a new report shows that idyllic picture could not be further from the truth . A new study by experts at Consumer Reports in the US has found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria . Experts in the US found the majority of the shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east Asia . Many prawns sold in the UK also come from places such as Thailand and Indonesia . They tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp - 284 raw and 58 cooked samples - from large , chain supermarkets and natural food stores in 27 cities across the US . And their investigation revealed 60 per cent of the prawns were found to have traces of harmful bacteria , including E.coli , which can cause violent food poisoning . Furthermore , in 11 samples researchers detected antibiotics , and seven samples tested positive for MRSA - an infection that is resistant to a number of antibiotics . Other traces of bacteria included salmonella and vibrio , both of which can cause serious food poisoning . Dr Urvashi Rangan , executive director of Consumer Reports Food Safety and Sustainability Centre , warned : ` Bacteria and algae can begin to grow and disease can set in , prompting farmers to use drugs and other chemicals that can remain on the shrimp and seep into the surrounding environment . ` Vibrio is the most common cause of food poisoning from eating raw oysters . ` And even though most bacteria on shrimp would be killed during the cooking process , our test results raise real questions about how shrimp is raised , processed , and regulated . ' Scientists found traces of E.coli , MRSA , salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning . Responding to the discovery of MRSA , Dr Michael Crupain , director of the Consumer Reports Food Safety and Sustainability Centre , said : ` It 's spread through contact , so if MRSA gets on your skin while you 're preparing raw shrimp , it can potentially cause an infection , especially if you have an abrasion or cut . ' A medium-sized shrimp farm in South-East Asia can produced close to a million pounds of prawns every year , a ` powerful incentive for farmers to maximse production ' , the report notes . The vast majority of prawns eaten on these shores come from such farms in India , Indonesia and Thailand . There , prawns are ` farmed ' in huge industrial tanks , or shallow , man-made ponds that can stretch for acres . In some cases , 150 shrimp can occupy a single square metre . They are typically fed commercial pellets , some of which contain antibiotics to ward off disease . If the ponds are not carefully managed , ` a sludge of faecal matter , chemicals and excess food can build up and decay ' . And wastewater can be ` periodically discharged ' into nearby waterways . The experts advise wild shrimp , a number of samples of which were also tested , appear to be worth the higher prices . The report reveals : ` Of all the shrimp we tested , they were among the least likely to harbour any kind of bacteria or contain chemicals . ' But , it is worth considering the effects on the environment , marine scientists warn . Amanda Keledjian , from the not-for-profit conservation group , Oceana , said : ` Nets dragged along the ocean floor can severely damage the sea bottom and anything that lives there . ' The report goes on to state , that while estimates vary , between one and three pounds of other species , including endangered sea turtles , can be killed for every pound of shrimp caught in the wild . A large number of the prawns available on supermarket started life in vast prawn farms in Thailand , India and Indonesia . They are farmed in huge industrial tanks , or in shallow ponds , like those pictured in Krabi , above . If the ponds are not carefully managed , ` a sludge of faecal matter , chemicals and excess food can build up ' . Experts said on the face of their findings it is better to opt for wild prawns over their farmed cousins . So faced with the facts , how can consumers make the right choices when it comes to which shrimp to put in their cocktail ? Marianne Cufone , an environmental solicitor and executive director at Recirculating Farms Coalition , explains how you can spot a farmed prawn from their wild cousins . ` Wild shrimp often vary in size , shape , and colour because they do n't all have identical genetics , ' she said . ` Batches of farmed shrimp often all hatch at the same time , eat the same food and live in the same environment , so they 're more likely to look the same . ' And her second tip , is to look for evidence of prawn faeces . ` Look for poop , or what is politely called a ` vein ' , ' she added . ` Frequently , shrimp farmers stop feeding shrimp before harvesting them so that the vein empties . ` If you see a dark line there 's a better chance it 's a real wild shrimp . '