Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman after the Court of Session cleared him to return as a director of the club . And the South African-based businessman hopes yesterday 's decision will now convince the SFA to pass him as ` fit and proper ' in the final stage of approval . King won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the Rangers boardroom at the club 's pivotal extraordinary general meeting last month , but has been holding off from taking up a post until he has cleared all regulatory barriers . Dave king is back on the Rangers board after being cleared by the Court of Session . Rangers players applaud as they leave the pitch following their 2-1 defeat of Hearts at the weekend . He required the consent of the court due to previously being a director in the Ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012 . ` I am delighted that at a Court of Session hearing this morning before Lord Woolman my application to become a director of Rangers International Football Club PLC was granted , ' said King in a statement . ` Today 's decision has removed the final legal hurdle for me to take up my role on the board following the overwhelming mandate at the EGM . ` The previous board had raised a little known legal provision stating that because I was a director of Rangers oldco within 12 months of its liquidation that I must obtain court sanction before becoming a director of RIFC because the word `` Rangers '' is in both company names . ` A court would not grant leave to an applicant unless it is satisfied that the circumstances warrant such approval . King -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates success at the club 's EGM alongside John Gilligan -LRB- left -RRB- and Paul Murray -LRB- right -RRB- . ` Any affected party , eg the liquidator or an aggrieved creditor of the previous company , has the right to be heard at such a hearing . ` The liquidation of Rangers oldco and the formation of Rangers Newco were not conducted clandestinely but in the full glare of publicity . ` However , being aware of the provision , I sought leave of the Court to accept my board appointment . ` Hopefully , this endorsement will also provide the SFA with additional comfort to complete its consideration of my fit and proper status . ` All Rangers supporters have suffered from the failure of full and proper corporate governance over the last four years . ` I am anxious to play my part in ensuring that this is comprehensively remedied for present and future generations of Rangers supporters . ` I have fully cooperated with the SFA over the last few weeks and thank them for the care and attention with which they have undertaken this task . ` I must be the most scrutinised candidate in Scottish football history but accept this as being preferable to the lack of scrutiny that has been the case in Rangers recent past -- and possibly other clubs . ` I hope matters can be swiftly concluded now that , with the permission of the court , I can take up my role as a director of RIFC . '