A 1,200lb-man forced to move from his financially-troubled nursing home was hoisted from the building by a crane and driven to his new residence on a flatbed truck . Robert Butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence , Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston . He was accompanied by his medical team . The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments , Lifespan , the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast . Scroll down for video . Robert Butler was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence , Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston on Sunday after his nursing home shut down amid financial difficulties . In this 2009 image , he weighed 900 lbs . He has since gained another 300 lbs . The Rhode Island health department acquired a crane from Bay Crane Northeast to help with their operation . Mr Butler was moved to his new hospital resident in a shipping container alongside his medical team to monitor his health . According to Target 12 , the complex operation began with firefighters widening the door of Butler 's room , then building a special ramp to move Mr Butler on to a deck . He was then shifted into the shipping container , complete with medical equipment , and lifted with a crane down on to a flatbed truck . Michael Raia of the Rhode Island Executive Office of Health & Human Services said planning for the move began weeks ago . Mr Raia said the new facility is better equipped to help Butler . In 2006 , Mr Butler , who is on permanent disability , told local news channels that his bed was broken at the nursing home and he was not receiving proper care . At the time , he weighed 900 lbs and was trying to find a doctor to perform a gastric bypass and a way to cover the cost of the medical bills . He told WPRI that his weight problem was linked to his depression and that he was addicted to food . The crane was used to hoist Mr Butler in a medically-equipped shipping container from the nursing home on to a flatbed truck on Sunday afternoon . Mr Butler weighs around 1,200 lb after a decade of battling his weight which he linked to depression . Mr Butler said in an interview in 2006 -LRB- pictured -RRB- that he was desperate for a gastric bypass but was unable to find a doctor to perform the surgery . At the time he weight 900 lb .