A British athlete has become the fastest man to run 16,300 miles around the world despite being attacked by bears , hunted by packs of wild dogs , and run over twice . Kevin Carr , 34 , from Woolacombe , Devon , ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years , crossing 26 countries and getting through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the feat . He began his epic voyage at Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days , one quicker than the previous record , held by Australian Tom Denniss . Scroll down for video . Kevin Carr , 34 , from Woolacombe , Devon , has become the fastest man to run around the world completing the 16,300-mile mission in 621 days , beating the previous record by a day . Mr Carr ran across five continents during his epic 621-day challenge beating the previous record by a day . Mr Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and returned last night after 621 days , during which he ran the equivalent of a marathon a day , crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes . Mr Carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run unsupported , and instead of a team carrying his equipment , he pushed it along himself in a buggy . Mr Carr also became the first man to complete the voyage unsupported by a team , instead pushing all of his kit along in a stroller that weighed twice as much as he does . He said : ` I 've pushed my tired legs through most of Europe , India , Australia , New Zealand , Canada and the US . ` I have encountered some pretty scary things along the way , from packs of wilds dogs in Romania to the most extreme weather conditions imaginable . ` Most frightening of all however was coming face to face with bears . One of the bears stalked and then actively came for me . Mr Carr 's journey took him through Australia , New Zealand , Europe , India , the US and Canada - though he said the highlight was the Andes mountains . Mr Carr pushes his buggy full of equipment , which weighed twice as much as him , through Dunedin in New Zealand during the middle of his adventure . The route took Mr Carr through most of Europe , including Lithuania -LRB- pictured -RRB- . After crossing the finish line he said he had lost three stone during the trip . ` I used bear banger explosives that someone had given me and , after three misfires , thankfully my fourth attempt sent the bear packing . ' He said during one 300-mile stretch full of bears and wolves he relied on people with short-distance radios to keep a check on him to make sure he was n't eaten . He added : ` I 've had to endure a lot of suffering too . I had severe heatstroke in India and have twice been hit by cars . ` I knew the size of the challenge but it was a little bit more of a headache dealing with the logistics and the traffic . Mr Carr 's trip also took in Stockholm - not the capital of Sweden , but a tiny town in Wisconsin , with a population of just 66 . Mr Carr takes in the scenery by a river in Ohio , showing the pedometer on his wrist that he used to keep track of his speed , distance , and route . The voyage took him to locations all over the world , from Alabama , US -LRB- left -RRB- , to Chile , South America -LRB- right -RRB- . ` It was a bit harder than I had anticipated and took me a bit longer . ` I did n't have much time to lament on loneliness as I was concentrating on the traffic and where I was going to sleep that night and find a shop . ` The worst thing I faced was indifference from fashion savvy people looking at a sweaty dishevelled man pushing a pram down the road . '