The 22-year-old man accused of stabbing Indiana Pacers forward Chris Copeland was seen leaving New York City 's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Copeland was undergoing surgery for his injuries on Wednesday . Shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4 am . Copeland , a former player for the New York Knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday . Accused : The 22-year-old accused of stabbing Indiana Pacers forward Chris Copeland and two women in an early morning altercation Wednesday , Shezoy Bleary , is seen leaving New York City 's 10th police precinct . Arraigned : Bleary was taken to his arraignment by NYPD . He 's seen here in front of the New York State Supreme Court on Wednesday . Allegations : Shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4 am . Copeland 's wife Katrine Saltara , 28 , was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular New York club 1 OAK . Copeland and Saltara were arguing on the street as the attacker eavesdropped and then started to interfere . When Copeland told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a switchblade and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . ` They were engaged in a verbal dispute in front of the location , ' said Officer Sophia Mason , an NYPD spokeswoman . ` The males engaged in a confrontation , and that 's when the 22-year-old male stabbed the 31-year-old male , ' Mason said . He then turned on Saltara , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm , sources told the New York Post . Another woman , Catherine Somani , 23 , was also stabbed in the abdomen as she apparently tried to break up the fight , WABC reported . She was believed to be the suspect 's girlfriend . ` They were engaged in a verbal dispute in front of the location , ' said Officer Sophia Mason , an NYPD spokeswoman . ` The males engaged in a confrontation , and that 's when the 22-year-old male stabbed the 31-year-old male ' Weapons : Photos taken from a Facebook count that appears to be associated with Bleary show a man accustomed to handling a weapon . Soldier : The 22-year-old wears in one photo what appears to be a US Army uniform . Injured : Chris Copeland , a player for the Indiana Pacers , and his wife , Katrine Saltara , pictured , were both stabbed following an argument outside a New York City club early on Wednesday . A video shared with TMZ shows the victims on the sidewalk as they are attended to by emergency responders . ` We were both stabbed , ' Saltara can be heard saying . ` We were attacked out of nowhere by a f *** ing black civilian . We have nothing to say . We are scared for our lives ! ' Murdock , from Brooklyn , was arrested at the scene along with two fellow NBA players , Pero Antić and Thabo Sefolosha of the Atlanta Hawks . The players allegedly obstructed the crime scene as police arrived by refusing to get out of the way , according to sources . Authorities recovered a knife from the scene , sources told the New York Daily News . Copeland and his wife were both listed in stable condition at Bellevue Hospital , while Somani was rushed to Lenox Hill Hospital . Their injuries are not thought to be life threatening . Cuffed : Pero Antic , who plays for the Atlanta Hawks , was arrested for failing to clear the scene for police and he is seen being escorted out of the 10th Precinct of the NYPD on Wednesday . Injured : Video by a passerby shows Copeland and his wife on the ground before they were taken to hospital . Scene : The couple was stabbed by a man who interrupted them as they argued outside 1OAK in Chelsea . Bloody scene : After Copeland reportedly told the man to back off , he pulled out a knife and stabbed them . Blood-splattered : A nearby car , which belongs to Copeland , has streaks of blood across it after the attack . Probe : NYPD officers search for evidence outside the 1Oak nightclub in Chelsea in New York City . CBS reported that Copeland underwent surgery on Wednesday morning . ` We are aware that Chris Copeland was injured early this morning in New York City , ' Indiana Pacers President Larry Bird said in a statement to DailyMail.com on Wednesday . ` We are still gathering information and will update when we know more . Our thoughts are with Chris and those injured . ' The team confirmed that he had suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen . The fight broke out down the street from 1OAK , a popular Chelsea club where celebrities including Leonardo DiCaprio , Justin Bieber , Miley Cyrus and Lindsay Lohan have been spotted partying . The couple is believed to have only been inside the club briefly . The Hawks and Pacers are both in New York for basketball games . Together : The couple , pictured , was rushed to Bellevue hospital where they are in stable condition . Loved up : The couple are seen in a picture taken after their engagement in September 2013 . Copeland , who is from New Jersey , was supposed to play his former team , the New York Knicks , at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . He previously played 56 games for the team in his 2012-2013 rookie season . Both Pacers and Knicks fans flocked to social media to wish him a speedy recovery on Wednesday . ` Hope that you and your wife have a speedy recovery , ' one fan wrote . ` Once a knick always a knick . ' The Hawks will take on the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center , but it is not yet clear if the two arrested players will be available to play . ` We are aware of the situation involving Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha this morning , ' Hawks spokesperson Garin Narain told DailyMail.com on Wednesday . ` We are in the process of gathering more information and will have further comment at the appropriate time . ' On the court : Copeland previously played for the New York Knicks -LRB- pictured in 2013 -RRB- . He was in New York to take on the team on Wednesday night but was undergoing surgery on Wednesday morning for his wounds . Arrested : Atlanta Hawks ' players Thabo Sefolosha , left , and Pero Antić , right , were arrested for allegedly failing to leave the scene when police arrived . All three players were in the city for games on Wednesday .