Lord of the Rings and Hobbit fans who ca n't afford to travel to themed attractions on the other side of the world can find a slice of Middle-earth on the American frontier . A guest house inspired by author JRR Tolkien 's fictional tales is attracting devoted followers of the book and film franchise -- and others who are simply looking to stay in a place that is out of the ordinary . Set in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state , The Shire of Montana gives guests the chance to live like Bilbo Baggins for just under $ 300 -LRB- £ 200 -RRB- a night . The Shire of Montana , located in the north-west corner of the state , is inspired by JRR Tolkien 's fantasy books . At 1,000 square feet , the underground house one king bedroom and a smaller guest room , plus custom-made wooden furniture . The 20-acre property near Trout Lake , Montana has decorative hobbit homes , fairy doors and a tree stump-shaped troll house . At 1,000 square feet , the Hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes , fairy doors and a large tree stump-shaped troll house that people can step foot in . Located in Trout Creek , about 100 miles south of the US-Canada border , the tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture , a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors , and has no mobile phone service as it is completely underground . There is one king bedroom and a smaller guest room , and even though guests are unable to use their mobile phones indoors they can watch TV or select a title from the home 's collection of books about hobbits , or simply relax while escaping the grind of everyday life . Set in a remote valley , the Hobbit-inspired guest house - and tiny village - offers visitors the chance to escape the everyday grind . The house has a stove and barbecue for cooking , cosy rooms with round doors , and no mobile phone service as it is underground . Owners Steve and Christine Michaels spent more than $ 400,000 to transform the property into a destination for fans of the series . Children and pets are not allowed during overnight stays , and it costs $ 295 a night for two guests , with a minimum of two nights . Steve and Christine Michaels spent more than $ 400,000 to transform the property , which was intended to serve as a getaway for their family . Steve , a fan of JRR Tolkien 's fantasy novels , decided to transform it into a shrine for fans of The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings , which were filmed in New Zealand , after a friend told him the underground guest house looked like a hobbit house . The owner transformed the house into a shrine for fans of JRR Tolkien 's books after a friend told him it looked like a hobbit house . In the woods surrounding the guest house , visitors may spot everything from deer and elk to mountain lions and bears . Children and pets are not allowed during overnight stays , and it costs $ 295 a night for two guests , with a minimum of two nights . The guest house has granite counters in the kitchen , a gold ring that hangs from a rafter , and replicas of Gandalf 's hat and walking staff , a large slingshot used by trolls in the series , and hairy hobbit feet that guests can slip on . In the woods guests may spot everything from deer and elk to mountain lions and bears . There is a wood burning stove to keep warm on chilly nights , although the interior temperature is constant at 12 C because the cottage is underground .