` Floral perfumes can take years off a woman ' Two things in life give me instant gratification : perfume and wine gums . But while one rots my teeth and piles on the pounds , the other - no matter how bad my hair day - makes me feel beautiful . I 'm in good company . Cleopatra was known for her love of perfume , liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip . ` We know she made her own perfumes and would certainly have worn it to increase her powers of seduction , ' says Mandy Aftel , perfume historian and author of Fragrant : The Secret Life Of Scent . ` She did n't solely rely on her looks . Cleopatra believed that smelling divine was the real key to a man 's heart , ' she says . And according to scientists , Cleopatra was right . Perfume really can make us more attractive . ` Humans are mammals and though we 're highly evolved , we have inherited mating mechanisms from the animal kingdom . One of the factors that influences our partner choice is smell , ' says Tim Jacob , emeritus professor at the School of Biosciences at Cardiff University . We react in an involuntary way to smell because our noses are connected to synapses in the unconscious part of the brain -LRB- the piriform cortex -RRB- , which governs the subconscious mind . ` The power of the subconscious mind is extremely strong . If we like someone 's smell , they become instantly more attractive to us , and vice versa , ' says Roja Dove , master perfumer at Urban Retreat Perfumerie in Harrods . Small wonder , then , that perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality . And there are ingredients with a proven track record of evoking other strong subconscious reactions . Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality . ` Vanilla , an ingredient in many perfumes , is a smell that 's strongly associated with pleasure , ' says Professor Jacob . ` Just think of confectionery and the feelings of happiness that go with traditional childhood treats . ' Lavender , another common ingredient in perfume , has been shown to calm and soothe the mind , while citrus smells evoke images of health and cleanliness . So powerful is our unconscious reaction to smell that perfumers claim wearing certain scents will make a woman seem younger , more athletic or even slimmer than she actually is . So what are the perfect perfumes to make others think we 're slim , sexy , sporty or sophisticated ? Harrods ' Roja Dove picks his favourites ... FLIRT WITH FLORALS . Floral perfumes can take years off a woman , as long as the smell is subtle . However , if it 's cloying or overpowering , the effect can be ageing . Anything that overwhelms our senses can begin to smell stale and musty , and these are scents that the unconscious mind associates with age . Vivacious yet subtle scents of peony , lily of the valley and orange blossom will evoke images of spring and youth . Perfumes such as Balenciaga 's Florabotanica -LRB- £ 56 , Debenhams -RRB- or Love Story from Chloe -LRB- £ 65 , Debenhams -RRB- use floral notes that create an impression of youthful energy . They 're flirty and fun , like actresses Helen Mirren and Felicity Kendal . RAMP UP YOUR SEX APPEAL . Vanilla is an aphrodisiac that enhances sensations of pleasure across the central nervous system . Therefore , it 's no wonder that so many perfumes use vanilla as a base note . Perfumes with a bright , breezy , citrus scent evoke images of health , youth and the outdoors . Applied to the nape of the neck or dabbed lightly behind the ears , the smell is intensely seductive . For serious sex appeal you need a slightly heavier scent , one which comes from the perfume group we call the Orientals . These are perfumes based on vanilla with touches of sandalwood , patchouli or coumarin , which is found in conker beans . The fragrances are sensual - they speak of arousal and passion . Think rich , luxuriant velvet as opposed to bright , clean cotton . Try Guerlain 's Shalimar , -LRB- £ 62 , John Lewis -RRB- , L'Ambre Des Merveilles by Hermes -LRB- £ 82 , House of Fraser -RRB- or Armani 's Si -LRB- £ 64 , John Lewis -RRB- for a date night your husband wo n't forget . WAFT AWAY THE YEARS . Perfumes with a bright , breezy , citrus scent evoke images of health , youth and the outdoors . Lemon has long been associated with a fresh , youthful vivacity , so perfumes with citrus notes combined with florals will have associations of vigour and energy . Opt for perfumes such as Tom Ford 's Private Blend White Suede -LRB- £ 142 , John Lewis -RRB- or Givenchy 's Dahlia Noir -LRB- £ 63 , Boots -RRB- to knock the pounds off in an instant . You may never run a marathon , but you 'll smell like someone who does -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . SMART AND SASSY AROMAS . If you 've got a tricky meeting or job interview , you 'll want to appear calm , competent and chic . The fragrance equivalent of an exquisitely tailored Chanel suit is a perfume from the Chypre family . This group of fragrances is blended with uncompromising clarity , made up primarily of woody scents : juniper , cedarwood and bergamot and citrus top notes . Nearly 80 per cent of women who use fragrance own two to ten bottles . Cartier 's Eau De Cartier -LRB- £ 46 , House of Fraser -RRB- or Bottega Veneta Essence Aromatique -LRB- £ 60 , John Lewis -RRB- are perfect examples of understated statement perfumes . If a perfume can make you appear to be the sort of person who reads Proust at bedtime rather than Hello ! magazine , it 's going to be one of these . GIVE YOURSELF A MOOD LIFT . Clean , energising citrus notes with hints of healing , soothing jasmine and lavender work best to dispel gloom , spread joy and your spirits . These scents have been shown to have anti-depressant and rebalancing effects . It really is true that a little lavender essence sprinkled on your pillow at night will help you sleep peacefully , leaving you calm and re-energised for the day ahead . Try Clarins ' Eau Dynamisante -LRB- £ 39 , John Lewis -RRB- , Fendi 's L'Aquarossa -LRB- £ 64 , Harrods -RRB- or , for a really lovely lavender feel , Marc Jacobs ' Daisy Eau So Fresh -LRB- £ 72 , Debenhams -RRB- .