It has been described as a durable and scratch resistant smartwatch and is a considerable investment , costing from $ 349 -LRB- £ 299 -RRB- . But the Apple Watch Sport model has been to shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet -LRB- 1.2 metres -RRB- . Apple claims its watch , which has an Ion-X glass display , is ` protected by a lightweight aluminosilicate glass that 's especially resistant to scratches and impact . ' Scroll down for video . Smash : The Apple Watch Sport edition is shown to shatter easily -LRB- pictured -RRB- after being dropped from a height of just under four feet -LRB- 1.2 metres -RRB- . The model has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be ` resistant to scratches and impact ' In a video , TechRax drops the 42 mm timepiece from a height of four feet -LRB- 1.2 metres -RRB- to simulate what may happen if a wearer drops their watch while tightening or unfastening the strap . When TechRex dropped the watch ` not aiming at the display , ' in a test conducted in Sacramento , California , it survived unscathed despite a nasty ` crack ' noise when the timepiece hit the pavement . However , when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first , the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact . In the video he exclaims : ` Are you serious Apple ? That was n't even that bad . That was about three-and-a-half feet ! ' Deep impact : When online tester TechRex dropped the watch ` not aiming at the display , ' in a test conducted in Sacramento , California , it survived unscathed despite a nasty ` crack ' noise when the timepiece hit the pavement . However , when it landed on its face -LRB- pictured -RRB- , it smashed instantly . The watch has ` high performance ' rubber straps and the screen is held in an anodised aluminium case , that 's 60 per cent stronger than standard aluminium , but is just as light . The Apple Watch Sport -LRB- pictured -RRB- has high performance ' rubber straps and the screen is held in an anodised aluminium case . The tester added : ` I found it amazing that the amount of shatter that occurred was so tremendous . ' When he threw the watch down with force , the screen came off completely . Damage to the screen , such as chips , scratches or indeed shattering , is not covered by the watch 's warranty and is expensive to fix , MacRumours reports . Damage eligible for warranty service includes debris under the screen , a loose back cover and condensation in the heart rate monitor sensor windows . MacRumours also discovered that in the US owners will have to pay repairs fees of $ 229 , $ 329 and $ 2,800 for the Sport , Watch and Edition models respectively to fix a cracked or missing crown , missing buttons , or screen damage , for example . It is not known how much these repairs will cost in the UK and other regions and MailOnline has contacted Apple for comment . By comparison , the Apple Watch , which costs from $ 549 -LRB- £ 479 -RRB- and Apple Watch Edition from $ 12,000 -LRB- £ 8,000 -RRB- have different screens made of Sapphire glass . In a recent test , repair specialists in Cardiff showed that the 38 mm Sapphire screen remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . Broken : When the tester threw the watch down with force the screen came off completely -LRB- pictured -RRB- . TechRex said : ` I found it amazing that the amount of shatter that occurred was so tremendous ' By comparison , the Apple Watch , which costs from $ 549 -LRB- £ 479 -RRB- and Apple Watch Edition from $ 12,000 -LRB- £ 8,000 -RRB- , have screens made of Sapphire glass . In a recent test conducted by repair specialists in Cardiff , the 38 mm Sapphire screen remained scratch-free after being subjected to sandpaper and and hit with a hammer . But some early adopters of the Apple Watch have complained its stainless steel case scratches easily , according to 9to5Mac . The 316L steel used is cold-forged to be ` extra hard ' , but it seems to scratch in a similar way to the back of an iPod . But it 's not all doom and gloom for Apple Watch owners . Another test has shown that the Sport model does live up to Apple 's waterproof claims . Unhappy : Some early adopters of the Apple Watch have complained that its stainless steel case -LRB- pictured -RRB- scratches easily , much like the back of an iPod . Waterproof : But another test has shown that the Apple Watch Sport lives up to Apple 's waterproof claims after surviving 15 minutes in a swimming pool -LRB- shown above -RRB- . Apple 's CEO , Tim Cook previously said that he showers wearing his Apple Watch and Apple said the Sport edition has an IPX7 water-resistance rating , which means it can be submerged up to 3ft -LRB- 1 metre -RRB- underwater for 30 minutes . And a team at FoneFox in Australia has shown that the watch can not only withstand a long , soapy shower , as well as being submerged in a bucket of water for five minutes , but can also be left in a swimming pool for around 15 minutes ,9 to5Mac reported . While the screen could n't be used while in the pool , because of the capacitive screen technology , when it was fished out afterwards it functioned as normal . The team found that the Crown still worked underwater , allowing them to zoom in and out of apps . The sapphire glass screen in the Apple Watch has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk , which used a sapphire screen from a 38 mm Apple Watch for its experiment . Two out of the three models of Apple Watches have sapphire glass screens - the Apple Watch and Apple Watch Edition . The glass is made from synthetic sapphire , which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder , before the crystals are processed to remove impurities . The tiny round disks created are ground into shape , and polished , to become glass . Sapphire glass is said to be twice as tough as normal glass and almost as hard as a diamond . To test the durability of the screen , it was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin , before being ` scratched ' by a key . The video capturing the attempts at destruction , shows no scratches were achieved to the screen . It also withstood being rubbed with abrasive sandpaper at some force and hit by a hammer -- albeit not very hard . But most impressive , was the screen 's ability to withstand an electric drill being dragged across its surface , without leaving a mark . The test led iPhoneFixed to claim : ` Sapphire glass is pretty strong and virtually impossible to scratch ' .