JT 's NEVER BEEN BETTER . Jose Mourinho 's return was the answer to John Terry 's prayers . Mourinho said Sunday 's game at the Emirates was the best Terry had ever played . That was a pat on the back for his captain but also justification for Mourinho 's faith in playing him . Terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever . Part of his success comes from the way the team is set up in front of him . All of their good work means he is in prime position each time to make the telling tackle or interception . John Terry -LRB- left -RRB- was in inspiring form in the Chelsea defence as his side kept a clean sheet against Arsenal . Sportsmail 's Martin Keown says the Blues skipper is enjoying some of the best football of his career . The 34-year-old defender 's timing in the tackle has been impeccable for the majority this season . His decision-making is excellent and he waits for the perfect moment to get involved -- there can be an element of gambling with that but it is a calculated risk . He was always able to anticipate where Arsenal wanted to play the game and stop them from doing it . As Chelsea have become harder to beat , Terry has come into his own . Following an entertaining first half , Arsenal 's tempo appeared to drop after the half time break . GHOSTS OF MONACO ? In the first half Arsenal played at a terrific tempo , especially down the left , but the whistle came at the perfect time for Chelsea . After the break Arsenal did n't move the ball quickly enough . They looked mindful of the Monaco game where they lost control but here there was not enough spark . Gunners striker Olivier Giroud had a frustrating afternoon against a rugged Chelsea defence . Danny Welbeck 's pace through the middle could have instead caused the Chelsea back line a lot trouble . A MISSED OPPORTUNITY . I 'm a big fan of Olivier Giroud but Arsenal needed to ask a different question of the Chelsea defence . John Terry and Gary Cahill are built to deal with players like Giroud and everything was played in front of them . If Danny Welbeck had played through the middle , his pace could have unsettled Chelsea . It 's much easier to be compact when there 's no threat in behind . The Arsenal supporters were heard lamenting Chelsea 's ` boring ' performance at the Emirates Stadium . Despite many questioning Chelsea 's tactics in the big games Jose Mourinho 's team are in full control . JOSE IS ALWAYS THE BOSS . The Arsenal fans said it was boring but Chelsea are doing what they need to do to see out a championship . There is no problem with that . If anything that element of control is something Arsenal would do well to copy . Yes , there was no striker but could Didier Drogba really play three games in a row at 37 ? Jose just made good use of his squad . At the start of the season Chelsea played with so much expression it looked like the players were in charge . Now they look dogged , disciplined and firmly in control . There is no doubt as to who is the boss now .