With tears in her eyes , a grandmother bends down and embraces the seven-year-old granddaughter she has not seen in years . In another scene , a man smiles blissfully as he hugs his emotional father . These pictures show the moving moments men , women and children living in the United States were reunited with their deported relatives after the border gate to Mexico was temporarily opened on Sunday . The steel gate at Border Field State Park in California , which was put in place in the mid-1990s , was unlocked by officials in honor of Children 's Day , a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family . And for selected families , it was a long-awaited , intense experience . Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years . Emotional : With tears in her eyes , Yolanda Verona , from Tijuana , Mexico , bends down and embraces her seven-year-old granddaughter , Frida Villagomez - whom she has not seen in years - after the gate at Border Field State Park in California was briefly opened for Children 's Day . Reunited : Robert Vivar -LRB- pictured in the light-colored top -RRB- watches as his daughter , Lelainah , seven , hugs his father Robert Vivar Sr at the gate . Joyful : Mr Vivar smiles blissfully as he embraced by his emotional father on the other side of the California fence , while his daughters Lelainah and four-year-old Willow watch . A Border Patrol Officer -LRB- left -RRB- also smiles as the family reunites during the event , organized by Border Angels . Tear-jerking : Lourdes Barraza Torres and her toddler daughter , Reyna , are seen hugging Torres 's two sons , including Alexis Lopez , 10 , as they are reunited for the first time in two years . Alex said he ` felt nervous , but at the same time , excited ' at the prospect of seeing his mother again . However , the pair , whose mother had been deported to the country while they were at school , only had two minutes to spend with her - because then it was time for another family to be reunited . One of the boys , Alexis Lopez , now 10 , told U-T San Diego that he ` felt nervous , but at the same time , excited ' to briefly meet his mother , Lourdes Barraza , in front of other families and photographers . He added : ` We talked about how life was without our mom . About how much we love each other . ' Event organizer Father Dermot Rodgers said that while the brief reunions were held for Children 's Day , they were also meant to draw attention to what he called a broken immigration system . Many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to Mexico after living in the U.S. without documentation . The gate had only been opened to those affected once before , in 2013 . No touching : The gate at Border Field State Park , which was put in place in the mid-1990s , was unlocked by officials for Children 's Day , a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family . Above , Abel , two , speaks to his mom , Yolanda Verona , through the mesh fence . In good spirits : Marisela Augustin holds her two-year-old son Angel after traveling to the border with her husband , Maurilio , to see his mother , Antonia Florencia , who lives in Oaxaca , Mexico . The pair had driven from Washington for the opportunity to meet with deported Ms Florencia . Beaming : Ms Florencia speaks with her relatives through the border fence , which has only been opened to relatives once before - in 2013 . Special event : Many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to Mexico after living in the U.S. without documentation . Aside from then and on Sunday , separated loved ones had only been able to speak to each other through the U.S. / Mexico border fence , which has thick , steel mesh and is patrolled by officials . The mesh makes seeing each other nearly impossible - never mind touching . On Sunday , four families - some from as far away as Florida - were given the chance to hug , kiss and share tears of joy . Border Angels organized the event . Founded by Enrique Morones in 1986 , the non-profit organization provided toys for children who were reunited with their relatives at the fence . ` It 's only a couple of minutes , but that 's a whole world to somebody who had only been able to see -LRB- their family -RRB- through Skype , or the wall , ' Mr Morones told the news site on Monday . Couple : Hugo Alvarado , of San Diego , California , chats to his wife Guadalupe through the border fence , which is heavily patrolled by officials . Gazing out : Ms Florencia speaks with family members through the border fence . It is not known when the border gate will next be opened . In chage : Enrique Morones -LRB- left -RRB- , the founder of the Border Angels , which organized the event , stands with Border Patrol Officers as he speaks with people who are about to approach the border fence near the ocean . ` It 's only a couple of minutes , but that 's a whole world to somebody who had only been able to see -LRB- their family -RRB- through Skype , or the wall , ' Mr Morones said on Monday as the gate was opened to families . Tight security : Border Patrol Officers are pictured standing by the gate in the border fence , just minutes before four families were reunited . ` To finally put your arms around somebody and realize that love has no borders is very significant . ' The pictures from Sunday 's event include an image of two-year-old Abel speaking to his mother , Yolanda Verona through the border fence , while being held by his uncle , Albert Villagomez . They also include a photo of Marisela Augustin holding her two-year-old son Angel after traveling to the border with her husband , Maurilio , to see his mother , Antonia Florencia , who lives in Oaxaca . It is not known when the border gate will next open to separated families .