A Florida man arrested this weekend for pointing a laser at passing cars was later found hiding a bag of marijuana up his rectum , according to police . Jesse Roepcke , 27 , from Summerfield , was busted in Ormond Beach Sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . While in jail , police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside . Surprise find : Jesse Roepcke , 27 , pictured left and right , was taken to jail Sunday for allegedly pointing a laser at passing cars . As he was been strip-searched , a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum . Dangerous pastime : Police say Roepcke spent Sunday evening riding around Ormond Beach , Florida , with his fiancee Brandie Tate -LRB- pictured -RRB- and shining a light in other drivers ' faces . Roepcke was then hit with additional charges of possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison . According to an arrest report , officers received a 911 call from a concerned motorist saying that someone shined a laser in her face as she was driving along South Atlantic Avenue , reported The Daytona Beach News Journal . Investigators said the suspect also pointed the laser at other drivers as his fiancee , Brandie Tate , drove him around Ormond Beach Sunday night . When officers tracked down the couple and pulled them over at a stoplight , Mr Roepcke allegedly said that he was just having some fun , and that he did n't know it was illegal to point a laser at people , reported the station WFTV . His 28-year-old fiancee reportedly said to the arresting officers that she had warned Roepcke not to shine the laser in people 's faces . Police also seized a ` smoking device ' from the pair 's car , which reeked of pot . It later tested positive for cannabis . Ms Tate told officers she had warned Roepcke not to play with the laser on the road . Fun-loving guy : The 27-year-old told police he was just having fun with the laser and did not know it was illegal . The 27-year-old Mr Roepcke was hauled off to Volusia County Jail , where during a strip search he was ordered to cough , causing an 18-gram bag of marijuana to fall out of his rectum , the report stated , according to MyFox Orlando . Roepcke was ordered held in jail on $ 4,250 bail . Online records indicate that the 27-year-old had served six years in prison for an armed burglary and grand theft .