Phoenix Mercury standout player Brittney Griner and fiancee and fellow WNBA player Glory Johnson have been arrested following a fight at their Phoenix home . The 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but were later released . Several people at the couple 's home tried to stop Griner , who is 6 ' 8 '' , and Johnson , who is 6 ' 3 '' , from fighting after an argument turned physical , according to a police report . Johnson 's sister ultimately called cops to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the living room , according to AZCentral . Scroll down for video . Arrest : Brittney Griner , left , and her fiancee and fellow WNBA player Glory Johnson , both 24 , were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday and have since been released from jail . Happier times : Police were called after a fight at their home in a Phoenix suburb turned physical . ` We could n't get them pulled apart , ' the sister , Judy Johnson told police officers when they arrived . Griner told police officers that she and her fiancee had just bought their first home together and had been arguing a lot . According to TMZ , Griner told police that she threw a dog bowl at the wall . ` It turned into a fight . Broke up . We kept arguing , mouthing back and forth , clashed again , separated us , clashed again , separated us , and here we are now , ' she said , according to the report . She had what appeared to be a tooth mark on her hand , as well as other injuries to her wrist and fingers , police noted . Johnson had suffered cuts to her lip . Goodyear police spokeswoman Lisa Kutis said no weapons were involved and neither woman required hospital care for their minor injuries . They were taken into custody around 5 pm on Wednesday but neither wished to press charges , and they were released from jail at 4 am on Thursday . Star player : Griner helped the Phoenix Mercury win a championship this past September . She led the league with a record 129 blocks and was the WNBA Defensive Player of the Year . The fight follows this loving instagram post Griner shared just one day before their arrest . The pair announced their engagement late last summer and are expected to wed next month . Johnson plays for the Tulsa Shock , and team President Steve Swetoha said they were looking into the situation . ` Of course our first concern is for Glory 's well-being and health , ' he said . Griner helped the Phoenix Mercury win a championship this past September . She led the league with a record 129 blocks and was the WNBA Defensive Player of the Year . She also helped the U.S. win a gold medal last month at the world championship . Griner is a two-time AP college basketball player of the year and led Baylor to a 40-0 season and the 2012 NCAA title . She was the No. 1 pick by the Mercury in the 2013 draft . Engagement : The couple shared news of their engagement on Instagram last summer . The arrest come shortly after an appearance by the couple on a TLC show wedding dress shopping . On Thursday , Phoenix Mercury Executive Vice President and General Manager Jim Pitman said : ` The Mercury organization is aware of an alleged incident involving Brittney Griner . ` We are in the process of gathering additional information , and will have no further comment at this time . ' WNBA spokesperson Dina Skokos added : ` We are aware of the incident involving Brittney Griner and Glory Johnson and are working with the Phoenix Mercury and Tulsa Shock organizations to obtain more information . '