When she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child , Clare Van Santen was told she had breast cancer . ` I was pregnant with Elijah when I found out that I had breast cancer , so it was a bit scary wondering what was going to happen with the pregnancy and the other kids , ' Ms Van Santen told Daily Mail Australia . After undergoing a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children , and having a mastectomy , her son was born happy and most importantly , healthy . ` He had a full head of hair when he was born , and I was bald so that made me feel better , ' Ms Van Santen , who is from Perth , joked . Singe mother-of-five Clare Van Santen , 37 , -LRB- back of image -RRB- is currently battling terminal breast cancer . She is pictured here with her four youngest kids Susan 17 , Nikita , 14 , Jack , 12 , Elijah , 9 , . The Perth woman was first diagnosed when she was pregnant with her fifth child , Elijah , now aged nine . When she asked her doctor after all her treatment whether she was in remission , he told her that with breast cancer , if it is contained within the breast like hers was , you are essentially cured . But ten years on , after living a life which she thought was cancer-free , the single mum-of-five has been told her cancer is now terminal . Her biggest concern going forward is for her children , whose ages range from 20 to nine years old , and how they will live without her . ` I worry about how they 're going to be and who 's going to look after them , what 's going to happen , how they 're going to cope , ' Ms Van Santen said . After her initial diagnosis , the Perth woman learned in October 2013 her cancer had spread to her liver , and she also had a small amount in one of her shoulders . ` I went to have lap-band surgery and they did a scan of my liver and found some legions which ended up being cancer , little tiny bit in my shoulder too , ' Ms Van Santen revealed . Ms Van Santen has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children : Keisha , 20 , Susan 17 , Nikita , 14 , Jack , 12 , Elijah , 9 , in the time she has left . She was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 , but it has since spread to her liver , shoulder , and brain . The 37-year-old has undergone coutnless chemotherapy and radiation treatments in the past decade . Instead of the surgery she was supposed to have , she had to endure five months of chemotherapy and hormone treatments , which successfully shrunk the spots in her liver . ` For most people a Bucket List is something that has lots of adventurous things on it ... My Bucket List is for me and my kids , so they can enjoy their home environment and that we can make as many happy memories as possible while I can . ' - Clare Van Santen . Some of the items on the mother-of-five 's list include : . Then at the beginning of this year , Ms Van Santen began having some strange symptoms once again . ` I 'd been having headaches and just forgetting things , and sometimes I 'd read something and the worlds had been jumbled around . ` On February 14 I had a seizure and discovered the cancer had gone to my brain , ' she revealed , saying the horrible event happened in front of three of her kids . Radiation therapy is currently trying to shrink the ten tumors spread throughout her brain , but the cancer is inoperable , and devastatingly , terminal . As for how much time Ms Van Santen has left with her children , it 's impossible to know . ` They ca n't say , ' she said , speaking of her doctors . ` They 've said a few months to a few years . ' Ms Van Santen has a bucket list of things she hopes to do , see and experience with her family before her time is up , but life is much harder for her than it used to be . With the time she has left she hopes to makeover the kids ' rooms so they have their own sanctuary , get a ` HUGE comfortable leather lounge for me and kids to sit on , so I can be with them ' , and fix up other things around the house . Ms Van Santen also wants to go on a family holiday on a cruise , have a photo-shoot with her kids , and simply ` make lots of little moments special ' . She has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer Care 's Buying Time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses . Ms Van Santen , pictured here with eldest daughter Keisha , is not sure how much time she has left with her kids . And perhaps the most important : ` Finding someone who will love my kids nearly as much as I do ! ' . But the medication she currently on makes her more exhausted than ` I 've ever been in my life ' , and leaves her wiped out for days at a time . However the mum-of-five said her life would be even more difficult if she did n't have the support of Breast Cancer Care , WA . She has thrown her support behind the Buying Time Campaign , which aims to raise money which will go towards funding more breast cancer nurses and support services . ` I 've rung them crying so many times , ' Ms Van Santen revealed . ` Their support is so , so amazing . ' When a patient first receives their diagnosis and calls the care centre , they are allocated a nurse who helps them through their entire journey . The nurses make house calls , ring and check up on them , send counsellors out to get people through tough times and help patients get connected with support groups . She hopes to take her family on a holiday together , and get a photoshoot with everyone soon . Ms Van Santen also hopes to raise awareness about the mortality rates of women with breast cancer . ` They help with everything , if you need some financial help , or you need legal help , if you need a lift ... ' Ms Van Santen said . ' -LRB- And -RRB- it 's good to be able to speak to other people going through the same thing , ' she added , speaking of the help she received through her Stage 4 support group . Through her involvement in this campaign , Ms Van Santen also wants to help raise awareness about the mortality rates of women who suffer from breast cancer . She has questioned why she is classified as a ` survivor ' because she has lived for more than five years after her diagnosis , but will still eventually succumb to the disease . Ms Van Santen said she would like to see more research done on Stage 4 , or terminal , breast cancer because even though hers was detected early , it will still eventually take her life . ` So much money goes into awareness for breast cancer , but no money goes into actually researching Stage 4 cancer , ' she said , adding that as it 's the one that takes lives there should be more known about it . Ms Van Santen hopes in the future there can be more awareness about the mortality rates of the disease , and that people know that even if detected early , that breast cancer can still kill . ` It 's important for so many people , you know , my kids , people 's families ' , she said . You can support the Buying Time campaign here , donate to help Clare Van Santen tick things off her bucket list here , or keep up with her journey here .