The FA Cup has been through a rollercoaster of emotions over the years - and now it is taking an actual rollercoaster ride . The famous trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire ahead of this weekend 's semi-finals at Wembley , nestled in between an Arsenal fan and Reading supporter . The Gunners head into Saturday 's showdown as the favourites against the Championship side . But they almost suffered a huge upset at Wembley last year against Hull before coming from behind to win one of the most entertaining finals of all time . Arsenal supporter Max Benjamin -LRB- left -RRB- and Reading fan Richard Putterford -LRB- right -RRB- hold the FA Cup trophy . The pair shake hands as they accompany the cup on a rollercoaster at the Alton Towers amusement park . The trophy is treated to a series of dips and loops ahead of the FA Cup semi-final clashes this weekend . The 3-2 victory , inspired by Aaron Ramsey 's late extra time winner , ended a nine-year trophy drought for manager Arsene Wenger and the Frenchman is desperate to keep Arsenal 's red and white ribbon on the cup . Reading , meanwhile , have never won the FA Cup . The furthest the Royals have reached in the competition is the last four , where they lost 3-0 at Molineux to eventual winners Cardiff ... in 1927 . Victory for the current holders could prove to be a good omen . If Arsenal triumph at Wembley again this year they would become the most successful side in FA Cup history , surpassing the record of 11 wins they currently share with Manchester United . Reading , of course , will do their best to deny the north London club . And Liverpool or Aston Villa will be out to get their hands on the cup on May 30 too . Whatever happens , it 's guaranteed to be a roller coaster of a ride . Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey -LRB- number 16 -RRB- scores the winning foal against Hull in last year 's FA Cup final . Ramsey celebrates scoring in extra time to help Arsenal end a nine-year trophy drought at Wembley . Manager Arsene Wenger -LRB- right -RRB- will be hoping that his side can retain the famous trophy this year .