A New York man who won three marathons in eight days last month said that his winnings will go toward the medical bills of his infant son , who has spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder . Bryan Morseman , 29 , from Bath , New York , started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14 . He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary , North Carolina , the next morning because it was one the way home to New York . A week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach . Bryan Morseman , 29 , of Bath , New York , ran three marathons in eight days in hopes of raising money to pay for Leeim 's medical bills . Leeim was born with spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby 's spine does n't form properly . In total , the full-time precious metal clerk earned $ 5,750 in winnings from the races , all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son Leeim , who has spina bifida . ` Every time I 'm in a race I think of him and how my pain is nothing compared to what he has gone through , ' Morseman told the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle . ` He gives me the energy shot to pick me up and carry me through to the finish . ' Since his first 26.2-mile race in 2008 , Morseman has won 23 of the 42 marathons he 's participated in . And he takes each race as it comes , not training for a specific race . ` I do n't like putting all my eggs in one basket , ' he said . ` When you only run a few , you waste time , training and money if it does n't go well . ' Bryan Morseman -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with his wife Sarah and son Leeim in 2014 , has been running marathons since 2008 . He has won 23 of the 42 26.2-mile races he has participated in . And last spring , Morseman and his wife Sarah were told their unborn sun was diagnosed with spina bifida , a condition that develops in the womb when a baby 's spinal column does n't form properly . If the condition is untreated , it can lead to brain damage , loss of leg usage and other heath problems . Following a series of doctor 's appointments , Morseman , his pregnant wife , and their now two-year-old son went to Philadelphia so Sarah could undergo prenatal surgery , which led to Leeim being born on June 20 . Nearly ten months later , Leeim does physical therapy three times a week , but it is unknown as to whether or not he will be able to walk . Leeim was born prematurely because if spina bifida is left untreated , it can lead to brain damage and loss of leg usage . Morseman said that knowing he 's raising money for his son give him ` the energy shot ' he needs to win races . As for Morseman , he trains for his races during his lunch breaks and late at night after his sons are asleep . When it 's dark , his wife follows him in the car . The life-long runner 's personal best is 2:19:57 at the Pocono Marathon Run for Red Mountain , which he 's won four times , last May . He ran his three March races in 2:24:40 in Alabama , 2:32:39 in North Carolina and 2:24:10 in Virginia . As an ultimate goal he 'd hope to qualify for the U.S. Olympic Marathon Trails , which has a standard of 2:18 to get in . But Morseman has other things on his mind . ` We 'll see , ' he told the Democrat and Chronicle . ` Other things happen in life . Right now , my family is far more important than qualifying . ' The Morseman family has created a GoFundMe page to help pay for medical bills . Morseman said his family is very supportive of him running marathons . He trains during his lunch breaks and late at night when his sons are asleep .