A New York City doorman says he 's been fired for being too good at his job . Ralph Body , up until March 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City , Queens . The 41-year-old told the New York Post he ` gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked -- all while keeping a cheerful smile on his face . But that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants -- by taking care of pets and watering plants , among other chores -- did n't sit well with the 2-year-old building 's management , Body says . ` They said , ` We know you did it for the right reasons , but unfortunately ... you 're too nice to the tenants , '' he told the Post . Too nice ? Queens doorman Ralph Body was a smiling fixture in the lobby of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City , but was fired for , according to him , being too nice . When Body insisted he only did what was asked of him , he says his employers with Heatherwood Communities said it did n't matter . ` Unfortunately , in this case , nice guys finish last , ' Body says his higher-up told him . According to the Post , the tenants who so adored Body have now taken up his cause with a petition to get him reinstated to his job . ` Most tenants , especially those who have lived in the building since it opened , can attest to Ralph 's kindness and eagerness to make people feel safe and welcome , ' the petition reads . ` The ruthlessness of Ralph 's termination is disgusting , unjust , and disheartening . From day one , Ralph has gone above and beyond his duties . Yes , rules and regulations must be followed , but Heatherwood is more than capable of providing coaching and counseling to ensure the best possible outcome for its tenants and staff . ' Management company Heatherwood Communities says Body broke the rules . Body says he only did what was asked of him , like cleaning cat litter , taking care of pets and watering plants . The petition , on ipetitions.com , had received 72 of its goal of 250 signatures by Sunday evening . Now he waits , though Body could soon get a new job through his staffing company PBS Facility Services . Most tenants in Body 's corner blame the building management and not the staffing company for the concierge 's termination . the Post reports . But Heatherwood , in an email sent to tenants , says that 's not the case . ` It was recently brought to our attention that Ralph did not follow PBS 's policies and procedures and after being spoken to several times , it was their decision to reassign him to another building , ' says the letter , which was obtained by the Post .