When Pele and Bobby Moore embraced , yielding perhaps the most famous of all images of sportsmanship on a football pitch , the final whistle had already blown . That was in 1970 , at the end of a wonderfully hard-fought World Cup group match between England and Brazil , which the South Americans won 1-0 . So loudly did the football world applaud such an exhibition of mutual respect between two giants of the game that all these decades later , the applause still resounds . That image of them is frequently flourished as a perfect example of what the game was , and is used to compare , unfavourably , with what it has become . Newcastle keeper Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time . Bobby Moore 's famous hug with Pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship . And so the Stadium of Light on Sunday afternoon . Tim Krul and Jermain Defoe are lesser stars than Moore and Pele , of course , and the Newcastle United goalkeeper 's instinctively friendly gesture towards the man who had just scored a brilliant goal past him took place with 45 minutes yet to play . But was it really so different to that celebrated business in Guadalajara , Mexico , for which we do n't only continue to congratulate the England colossus and the Brazilian legend for their integrity and values , but also ourselves , somehow , for knowing and loving the game when it still had a place for common decency ? Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher , among many others , has lambasted Krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional . On Match of the Day 2 , Danny Murphy agreed . The Dutchman , they say , was out of order . The implication is that , as he walked off the pitch at half-time , he should have been so lost in his own despair , or anger , or disappointment , or fierce resolve to get back on terms , that if he 'd noticed Defoe at all , the only acceptable form of communication should have been a muttered oath , or at best a hard stare . Krul smiles at Defoe shortly after the striker 's goal gave the Black Cats the lead in the Wear-Tyne derby . Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his half-time actions while speaking on Sky Sports . Any form of friendliness could at the very least have waited until after the game was over , they reckon . Meanwhile , for some of Krul 's critics on social media , the fact that it was an intense local derby puts his behaviour almost beyond the pale . How unutterably depressing . Has football really become so leeched of humanity that one decent pro ca n't turn to another and say ` well played ' ? Nobody thinks that Krul would have complimented his opponent had it been a scuffed shot through his legs from two yards . But it was a wondrous strike , and , derby or not , half-time or not , a game that has no room either for an acknowledgment of a great piece of technique , or for a simple , impulsive act of sportsmanship , is a game that has become entirely detached from its roots . Defoe -LRB- left -RRB- hit a stunning volley on the cusp of half-time to give Sunderland the lead against Newcastle . Defoe celebrates his strike which helped the Black Cats to victory in the Wear-Tyne derby . Others insist otherwise , saying only someone with ` no passion ' for football could commend Krul for doing what he did . That 's rubbish . I am a passionate Evertonian and naturally I have asked myself how I 'd feel if , let 's say , Tim Howard congratulated Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard in the tunnel after just being beaten by him , stupendously , from 30 yards . Would I consider it disrespectful to shell-shocked fans ? Or assume that by so publicly fraternising with the ` enemy ' , Howard was n't quite up for what remained of the fight ? Of course not . On the contrary , I 'd be pleased to have a grown-up on my team . Moreover , there is another dimension to all this . The sub-text in at least some of the excoriation of Krul 's back-slapping is that he is one of the Premier League 's foreign imports , and either does n't fully understand the ferocious tribalism that flavours the Tyne-Wear derby , or being a highly-paid mercenary , chooses not to inhale it . Newcastle came up short against their rivals yet again , but Krul 's gesture was not the problem . Defoe 's strike was a goal worthy of winning any game , and congratulating him was the decent thing to do . But that 's rubbish , too . Some of us might have wistfully fond memories of an age when English football was overwhelmingly populated by players from the British Isles , but we kid ourselves if we think that the modern domestic game is divided by passports into those who give their all and those who do n't . And yet , let 's be brutally honest , would the condemnation have been quite so swift and quite so loud if the boot had been on the other foot on Sunday , if it had been Defoe walking down the tunnel at half-time slapping Krul on the back for denying him seconds earlier with a truly breathtaking , world-class save ? In fact , would there have been any condemnation at all ? Or would it have been held up as a heart-warming example , even in the intense heat of competition , of a typically honest English footballer doing the decent thing ?