Telecom watchdogs are to stop a rip-off that allows mobile phone firms to charge customers to call supposedly free 0800 numbers . Currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone . The net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the NHS , the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges . Scroll down for video . End call : Charges of up to 20p a minute being charged by operators for free 0800 numbers will end from July 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog , Ofcom , today . Alternatively , some who rely on mobile phones rather than landlines are put off accessing these services by the cost . The charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog , Ofcom , today . The changes were fought by the mobile phone networks , which have been making tens of millions of pounds a year from customers calling the numbers . In 2013 , the biggest mobile network , EE , even threatened to take legal action to block the move . At the time , the company , which is about to be taken over by BT in a deal worth £ 12.5 billion , complained getting rid of charges for 0800 numbers was ` ill thought out ' and would ` crush an already struggling industry segment ' . It argued the change could cost up to £ 57.5 million to implement and that mobile networks would simply put up other charges to make up for any lost income . Ernest Doku , telecoms expert at the price comparison service , uSwitch.com , said the end to mobile charges to call 0800 numbers was a ` long-overdue victory for common-sense ' . EE claims the plan is ill thought out and will make an already struggling industry suffer . A spokesman for the telecoms price comparison website , broadbandchoices.co.uk , welcomed moves to make the price of calls clearer to consumers . He said : ` Making ` 0800 ' numbers free from all telephones including mobile phones is excellent news since it 's rarely practical to redial from a landline to avoid charges for what are generally assumed to be ` free phone ' numbers . ` Greater cost transparency and simplicity of charging is badly needed in the landline and mobile phone sector . We regularly hear from consumers who are confronted with charges on their phone bill that they were unaware of . ' The changes are part of a wider shake-up in call charges to non-geographic numbers , which are described by Ofcom as the ` biggest overhaul of phone calls in more than a decade ' . They are part of a new regime imposing new rules covering the cost of calling the 084 , 087 and 09 numbers used in TV show phone polls , by businesses , GP surgeries and government departments -- as well as 118 directory enquiry numbers . At the moment , the cost of calling these numbers is mired in confusion with charges varying enormously depending on whether you are using a landline or a mobile phone . In future , organisations using these numbers will be required to advertise a single ` service charge ' for dialling them . Separately , each phone company will apply an ` access charge ' for putting people through . Consumers will add the two figures together to work out the full cost , which will vary depending on which phone company they are signed to . Ofcom and phone companies will be publicising the changes under the banner UK Calling before the switch in the summer . The regulator 's chief executive , Sharon White , said : ` In July we 'll see the biggest changes to phone calls in over a decade , affecting 175 million phone numbers . ` The changes are important for people who enjoy interacting with their favourite shows , but also for everyone calling companies and organisations on 08 , 09 and 118 numbers . s.poulter@dailymail.co.uk .