David Cameron -LRB- pictured -RRB- said he knows that when it comes to immigration , ` fears and worries ' remain . Let me reassure you , I know that when it comes to immigration , fears and worries remain . They were set out on the front page of this newspaper yesterday . And I want to set out exactly the choice before you on May 7 . I am not one of those politicians who says they ` get ' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private . Sitting in the House of Commons from 2001 , I had a ringside seat on Labour 's complete failure on immigration -- and it was infuriating . Fake colleges , bogus visas , wide open loopholes , the wrong welfare incentives , sham marriages , an abject failure to deport foreign criminals , migrants bringing family members to Britain even if they could n't speak a word of English -- a litany of failure . Underpinning it all was contempt for the views of most British people . We all remember Peter Mandelson 's boast that Labour was practically ` sending out search parties ' for migrants . The mess took 13 years to create -- and over the past five years we have been working to turn this around . Economic migration from outside the EU has been capped at 20,700 skilled professionals a year . We have closed down over 850 of those bogus colleges that were basically visa factories . There are new charges for migrants using the NHS ; there is no social housing unless you 've been in an area for two years ; and there is no housing benefit full-stop for EU jobseekers . Critically , we now have proper exit checks at our borders so we know who is coming in and going out . On top of all this direct action to control immigration , we recognised that the rising immigration numbers were n't just about lax borders and a system easily abused ; it was about British people not being trained to get into the jobs that were becoming available -- or not incentivised to work at all , because of Labour 's welfare system . So we have had a huge , unprecedented push on welfare and training , with two million young people starting apprenticeships , and vast numbers getting off welfare and into work . The result of all this ? Consider these remarkable two facts . Under Labour , for years , 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers . With the Conservatives , two-thirds of our job growth now benefits British citizens . That is a remarkable turnaround . I 'm not saying there is n't a lot more to do . It 's clear that , as our economy has taken off , the bigger issue has become migration from within Europe . And while we have not yet reduced net migration down to the tens of thousands each year , it remains the right ambition . So why have many more EU migrants come here ? Partly it 's our extraordinary economic success , with Britain creating more jobs than 27 other European countries combined . But large numbers have also been drawn here because of incentives in things like tax credits and welfare . These have been a powerful draw to EU workers . Scroll down for video . David Cameron said under the Conservatives , two-thirds of the UK 's job growth now benefits British citizens . That is why , in the manifesto we published last week , we had some very clear and hard-headed proposals . Elect a Conservative government , and I will start negotiating a new deal with Europe straight away . It will involve : no benefits at all for EU jobseekers . If you have n't got a job within six months , you 'll be required to leave . If you 've got a job , you will get no in-work benefits until you 've been here and contributing to our country for at least four years . And no child benefit for children of EU migrants living abroad -- ever . This is what I 'm seeking . I will fight , negotiate , do all I can to secure a better deal for Britain . And then we would put this to the British people in an in-out referendum in 2017 . The capsizing of a boat full of migrants in the Mediterranean at the weekend was absolutely shocking . Eight hundred people died in the most horrific of circumstances , so it 's also right that Britain -- not just a compassionate country but a strong one too -- does what it can to prevent such scenes from ever happening again . That 's why I went to Brussels yesterday to help deliver a response . Of course , we need more search and rescue missions -- and our Royal Navy is ready to play its part alongside other navies . We need to hunt down the traffickers who prey on human misery , deal with the boats that bring people across the seas and help foster stable conditions in countries which export so much illegal immigration . Only then will we properly get to grips with this situation -- building confidence at home that people ca n't come here illegally ; and helping people abroad life safe and secure lives . All of this is a serious , grown-up plan for reducing immigration long-term . And it is based on some straightforward values . Immigration should be about welcoming those who can contribute to our country ; who want to come to Britain , pay their way , make a life here , and abide by British values . This is our approach . And this presents you with a clear choice on immigration on May 7 . There can only be one Prime Minister in Number Ten , only one person ultimately responsible for controlling immigration : me , or Ed Miliband . Do you honestly think Ed Miliband cares about controlling immigration ? No . He was there the last time , remember , when net immigration increased five-fold . His arrogant refusal even to discuss numbers -- let alone speak about any reduction -- tells you all you need to know . But the facts of this election have changed -- and it 's even worse . The only way Ed Miliband can get into Downing Street is if he is propped up by the SNP -- and they have made clear that they want higher levels of immigration . It 's clear : Ed Miliband in Downing Street would increase immigration , not reduce it . And if you 're someone considering voting Ukip because you want a referendum on Europe and controlled immigration , remember that a vote for Ukip makes it harder for Conservatives to win -- and much more likely for Ed Miliband and the SNP to get into government . Then you will get no referendum , and a return to uncontrolled immigration . So this is the choice . If I am Prime Minister after May 7 I will see through this serious , sustained attempt to control immigration long-term . I will get Britain a better deal in Europe -- and I will give the British people the final say in an in-out referendum . If you want those things , there 's only one way to get them : vote Conservative on May 7 .