The story of Rapunzel , the girl trapped in a tower who is rescued by a prince climbing up her long locks , has captivated little would-be princesses the world over for centuries . But while most girls grow out of their yearning for tumbling tresses , not everyone ditches the extra-long look when they hit adulthood . As hair extensions soar in popularity on the red carpet , the number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise , according to beauty experts . Scroll down for video . From left to right : Fiona Steane is 50 with 3ft long hair , Sarah Rihal is also 50 and has 3ft 5in of hair , Melanie Brown is 60 and has 4ft long hair and Vanessa Thorpe is 40 with 2ft 10in of hair . And recently , supermodel Twiggy stood up for older women with long locks . ` It makes me crazy when people say you have to cut your hair short once you hit 50 , ' she said . ` I saw a woman the other day in her late 70s with silver hair down to her waist . I thought , `` Good on you , girl . ' '' Here , some of Britain 's real-life Rapunzels show off their locks -- and explain why they 'd never consider going for the chop ... MY HAIR GETS STUCK IN CAR DOORS . Fiona Steane , 50 , is an artist . She lives in London with her husband of 20 years , Christopher , 48 , a banker , and their 17-year-old daughter , Amelia . Fiona Steane , 50 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 but her mother refused and she 's had it long ever since then and gets it trimmed twice a year . My mother always kept my hair long . She had very long hair and she liked me to have it that way , too . I was dancing back then , so it was easier to have it long and whip it up into a bun . When I was 15 , I wanted to cut it all off and my mother refused -- so it 's been this way ever since . I do n't like watching people getting their hair cut and I hate hairdressers . I could n't even watch my husband getting his hair cut recently -- there 's something about it that makes me feel sick . I get it trimmed , just getting rid of the split ends , twice a year . Then I have a conditioning treatment , which takes up to six hours but feels amazing afterwards . I do n't have a hairdryer . I 've never used one . I do n't colour my hair . I do n't straighten it . I just shampoo , condition and leave . It 's pure laziness . This might look like it takes a lot of work but in reality I do n't have to do anything . I do make sure I use specialist hair products for long hair . When it comes to conditioner , I slather loads of it on . This keeps it nice and smooth . My cut-off point -- when I know it 's got too long -- is when I can sit on it . It gets stuck in car doors and it 's always in the way . Fiona -LRB- pictured -RRB- says she uses special clips from Paris to protect her hair when she wants to put it up . My hair is manageable at this length . When I want to put it up , I use special plastic clips from Paris so as not to damage my hair . An Arab man offered to buy my hair once . I thought it was hysterical . My daughter has beautiful long , thick hair . Hers is darker than mine but it 's stunning . I do n't like it when people touch my hair . I have to remind them that it 's mine . MY LONG LOCKS MAKE ME FEEL FEMININE . Sarah Rihal , 50 , is a property manager from South London . She is married to Bob , 58 , a pharmacist , and has two children , Alice , 27 and Jasmine , eight . Sarah Rihal , 50 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- says she has had long her all her life and her youngest daughter Jasmine has hair the same length . Sarah says children in the school nursery often call her Rapunzel . I 'm not a very girly girl but I 've had long hair all my life . I went through phases when I was younger where I had shoulder-length hair , but since my late teens it 's been down to my bust . My youngest daughter , Jasmine , has hair the same length as mine . Jasmine has to wear hers plaited for school . When I pick her up , I often hear children in nursery whispering , ` Look , it 's Rapunzel ' when we walk past . That makes me smile . I go to my hairdresser , Neil Ward , at his specialist salon Long Hair in London four times a year for a trim and conditioning treatment . The first time I went , I had my hair up in a metallic clip and Neil whipped it out and threw it in the bin . At home , I use a special shampoo and conditioner from the George Michael Long Hair range , as well as a cream rinse , which is like a conditioner that you comb through the ends after washing . I keep a jug of it in the bathroom , so I can just dunk the ends in after a shower . Sarah -LRB- pictured -RRB- uses a special shampoo from the George Michael Long Hair range , but she says there are practical difficulties with having long hair like having to plait it at night to avoid knotting . I wash my hair once a week -- it does get greasy but it does n't usually need more than that . What I love about hair this length is that you do n't have to do anything with it . I wear it plaited or on top of my head in a bulldog clip . I just wash it and let it dry which takes about two hours . There are practical challenges to having long hair . And , at night , I have to plait it or it would get knotted around my pillow and my poor husband ! My hair is my favourite part of myself . It is the one thing that makes me feel really feminine . I do n't think I 'll ever be tempted to cut it . Redheads like me tend to go white , not grey , so hopefully it will still look elegant in years to come . I GET PROPOSALS FROM STRANGERS . Melanie Brown , 60 , is a retired teacher . Divorced , she has two grown-up daughters and lives in North London . Melanie Brown , 60 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- says men have always found her hair attractive and that she has been proposed to twice thanks to her long locks . My hair started really growing when I was five years old and I 've only been to a professional hairdresser twice as far as I can remember . The first time was when I was 15 and my hair was thick and long . The hairdresser cut it to my shoulders and that put me off for years . The second time was when I was in my 20s and I 'd got my first teaching job . Headlice are a worry for teachers with long hair , so I marched to a hairdresser in London that specialised in long hair and said : ` Cut it all off ! ' They refused . They said it was so beautiful they would n't dream of cutting it . Men have always found my hair attractive . I 've had two proposals of marriage just because of my hair . One was from a colleague I 'd only been working with for two weeks when he said he loved my hair and wanted to marry me . Not surprisingly , my ex-husband did n't like the attention it got . Melanie -LRB- pictured -RRB- says she does n't do anything special with her hair and washes it about once a week using whichever shampoo is cheapest . I really do n't do anything special to it . I wash it once a week with whatever shampoo is the cheapest on offer at Boots . I do n't use any special styling products , either . I just dry my hair with a hairdryer or , in the colder months when I have the heating on , I lie watching TV next to the radiator . Occasionally , I 'll get annoyed with it . But it 's part of ` me ' now and I could n't imagine having it shorter . IT TAKES FOUR HOURS TO DRY NATURALLY . Vanessa Thorpe , 40 , is a production editor . She lives in Essex and is divorced with one son . Vanessa Thorpe , 40 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- will only use hair products that have not been tested on animals and washes and conditions her hair every morning despite the fact it takes four hours to dry naturally . I love having long hair , especially combined with its unusual colour . I do n't understand why some women feel compelled to cut their hair when they reach a certain age . I wash and condition it every morning , as it feels so much nicer . I never stick to one brand or product . I find my hair gets used to certain shampoos and conditioners and then they 're not as effective . I never buy expensive products . The products I 'm using this week are Superdrug 's Pro-V , but before that I used Sainsbury 's own-brand . My only rule is that the products are not tested on animals . Vanessa -LRB- pictured -RRB- says she has never been tempted to go for a big hair cut but she has it trimmed every eight months where she has to stand up while they cut it . Washing it every day takes about ten minutes . Then I squeeze the water out with a towel and comb it through with a Tangle Teezer . It takes four hours to dry naturally , and I do n't use styling products . I 've never been tempted to go for the chop . I had it hacked to shoulder-length when I was 13 , but regretted it . I go for a trim about every eight months , and have to stand up so they can cut it . I do n't keep it this length to attract men , although I guess they like it . My boyfriend likes it , but I 'd like to think he 's attracted to me and not just my mane .