Edwin ` Jock ' Mee , -LRB- pictured outside court at an earlier hearing -RRB- allegedly targeted 11 cadets as young as 15 , during the army interview process . An army recruitment sergeant got a teenage cadet pregnant after raping her during a campaign of abuse against female recruits , a court heard today . Edwin ` Jock ' Mee , 45 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 , on a military base in Croydon , south London , during the army interview and screening process . Southwark Crown Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas , who he isolated and ` kept ' to himself so he could sexually abuse them . Many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands . One of the women , a virgin in her early 20s , fell pregnant when Mee raped her in a locked waiting room , jurors were told . She was in the UK on a student visa and Mee told her she needed to renew her passport and asked if she worked as a prostitute in the UK , jurors heard . He became ` aggressive ' and looked down her top and rubbed her thigh while she was taking a test , it was claimed . After raping her , Mee told her she was a ` sweet child ' , jurors heard . Doctors found that she had a ruptured ectopic pregnancy for which she was operated on after collapsing in hospital . When she called Mee to explain what had happened , he allegedly replied ` I thought you were safe ' and never spoke to her again . On another occasion he raped a 19-year-old from Sierra Leone after asking her for sex on the basis that he would get her a passport in return . ` He pressurised her to the extent that she felt she would be compelled to submit to his demands , ' Rosina Cottage QC said in opening the case to the jury . ` He told her that she had control over her status in the country . ' Mee raped her , before forcing her to perform a sex act on him , it was said . ` He told her that if she said anything , no one would listen to her , she would not have a job , she would have nothing , ' Miss Cottage said . The divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration , which are said to have happened between October 2010 and September 2011 . Mee , formerly of Croydon but who now lives in Glasgow , wore his grey hair in a pony tail and dressed in a smart suit and tie as he listened intently while Miss Cottage opened the case . She said the attacks had been an ` abuse of trust and power by this defendant in order to bully and groom young women ' . He would ` gauge their vulnerability ' and speak to the women about sex , touch them and in the most serious instances rape those over whom he had established control , Miss Cottage said . She added : ` A number of the complainants in this case were young black women , born outside the United Kingdom . ` Whether the defendant believed that this gave them a vulnerability in relation to their immigration status , or gave him an excuse to pretend that he had some power over them , the inference that the prosecution say can be drawn is that he deliberately targeted these young women . ' She told the court Mee , known to many as ` Jock ' , was employed as a recruiting Sergeant with the British Army at the Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office -LRB- ACIO -RRB- in Croydon . ` His job was to screen cadet applications , interview those applicants and support their application through the process of attaining certain fitness levels and tests , ' she said . ` Each of the complainants in this case was a cadet whose application was in the charge of this defendant . ' She explained that the interview involves a three-part process , starting with a meet and greet , then a more personal interview with questions about family circumstances , motivation and commitment . The third interview , known as a confirmation interview , should be conducted by a different person from the first two , but the Scottish officer ignored the system , jurors heard . ` Each of the complainants seems to have been kept by him , to himself . Every interview , every appointment , ' said Ms Cottage . One girl was just 16 when Mee allegedly slapped her bottom and when she said she did n't like it he told her : ` It 's you who needs the army ' . Ms Cottage said : ` Initially he appeared professional , but then started to talk about his wife and telling her about personal matters . The divorced father-of-five -LRB- pictured leaving court yesterday -RRB- denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration , which are said to have happened between 2010 and 2011 . ` He then wanted to ask her about her private life and whether she had a boyfriend . He asked her if she had body piercings and asked to see the piercing in her stomach area . ` She told him she was uncomfortable with this line of conversation and then he asked her if she would go and have a coffee with him . ` After she left she had a call from the defendant on a mobile phone asking her whether she had thought about his offer of coffee . ' A week later the girl returned to the office to book the British Army Recruitment Battery - a computer based test and it was then that he allegedly slapped her bottom . The woman decided not to pursue a career in the Army ` because of the defendant 's behaviour ' . Giving evidence behind a curtain , she told the court that Mee explained during their first meeting that his wife had cheated on him . Another of the complainants broke down in tears as she gave evidence where she claimed that Mee ` made a joke ' about her quiff hairstyle during a visit to the recruitment centre with her mother . Jurors were told Mee had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas , who he ` kept ' to himself so he could sexually abuse them . She explained to the court from behind a screen that during her first meeting with the sergeant , when she was around 19 , after she applied to join the army online and was invited for an interview with Mee in 2011 . He allegedly asked if she would date people of other races because the Army ` does n't stand for racism ' . On another visit , her mother told the recruitment officer that she was ` worried ' about her daughter joining the Armed Forces . Sobbing , the witness , who is now 23 , told the court that Mee had replied jokingly , and added : ` He said that I would attract the Taliban with my hair . ' Under cross-examination by Lisa Wilding QC , for the defence , she later admitted that the sergeant had joked instead that she would ` scare the Taliban off ' with her hair . On a separate occasion , the complainant went to the centre to carry out some physical training , which she admitted struggling with , and Mee asked her into his office . He ordered her to do some sit ups while he held her ankles , it was said . ` I lay down , he held my ankles and I did some sit ups , ' she said . ` I did n't want to do it and he was like , reassuring me because I had a skirt on . ' She only managed 10 sit ups and Mee told her to attend a training session the following Thursday . The witness , who said she was the only woman , added : ` After the session finished we went back to his office , he said I needed to practice more and improve my fitness . ` When I was leaving he hit my bum when I was walking out the door . I was quite shocked , I did n't know what was going on . I just wanted to go and I did . ' Later she claimed to have contacted Mee to say that she had decided not to join the Army because of the ` physical aspect of it ' . She said she did not tell anyone about the smack on the bottom until police sent a letter to her house . Asked why she had not spoken about the incident with her mother , she said she was ` kind of embarrassed ' . The Scotsman listened to the evidence of his alleged victims with the aid of a hearing loop . Ms Cottage said : ` This is a pattern of sexual , bullying behaviour that was repeated again and again to the female cadets to make them feel that he had power over them and control over their future . ' He was British Army recruiting sergeant at Mitcham Barracks in Croydon -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the Careers and Information Office . The youngest alleged victim was just 15 when she went several times to the recruitment office . He asked her for a date and tried to kiss her on the lips in a corridor , but she turned away and he ` got her on the cheek ' , the court heard . On Thursday afternoons there were fitness assessments at Croydon Athletics Arena for up to 30 cadets supervised by two staff members , it was said . A number of Mee 's alleged victims attended the regular Thursday training sessions , the court heard . Ms Cottage said : ` Sergeant Mee regularly stayed the latest of all the officers . The ACIO is closed to members of the public at the weekends , but occasionally the defendant was seen on the premises at weekends . ` A fellow officer , Stuart Conroy noticed he would conduct interviews with applicants out of hours and particularly remembers the defendant interviewing a young woman who Sergeant Conroy had interviewed earlier in the day , ' she said . The alleged offences were initially investigated by the Royal Military Police , before the case was then handed to the Metropolitan Police . The trial , which is expected to run for six to eight weeks , continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .