Alastair Cook insists he is ` refreshed ' by this winter 's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm . England can only hope their Test captain has benefited indeed , because he can expect to have precious little time for the remainder of this year to regain that sort of perspective . Cook has had a taste already of what is to come , first of all in three Caribbean Tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to New Zealand , before England somehow try this summer to regain the Ashes lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14 . England captain Alastair Cook in training in Basseterre as his team prepare for the West Indies Test series . Cook addresses the media at Warner Park in Basseterre ahead of England 's Caribbean Tests . Cook -LRB- right -RRB- and Jonathan Trott walk out for a nets session as England prepare for their series . April 6-7 St Kitts & Nevis Invitation XI -LRB- 3 pm BST -RRB- . 8-9 St Kitts & Nevis Invitation XI -LRB- 3 pm BST -RRB- . 13-17 1st Test , Antigua -LRB- 3 pm BST -RRB- . 21-25 2nd Test , Grenada -LRB- 3 pm BST -RRB- . May 1-5 3rd Test , Barbados -LRB- 3 pm BST -RRB- . To date , he is one match - eight runs in two innings - one problematic radio interview and one departure press conference , alongside coach Peter Moores , back into the regime he departed for three months after his Christmas axing as England 's World Cup captain . As Cook , Moores and their playing and management colleagues reconvened at Gatwick Airport on Thursday , the captain 's first task was to field questions on a series of topics unlikely to go away any time soon . He made 79 in his last Test innings , part of a wide-margin and third successive victory at home to India last summer , and will be a record-breaker for the foreseeable future as England 's most prolific centurion . It was Cook himself , however , who helpfully pointed out those facts will be irrelevant when he next walks out to open the innings for his country . Before and after that moment , he will be beset by the endless stream of enquiries - about his own poor form of the past two years , his and Moores ' future , the remarks of outspoken new England and Wales Cricket Board chairman Colin Graves ... and , of course , Kevin Pietersen . Alastair Cook smiles while fielding during England 's Test series with India last summer . Cook bats during the fifth Test against India at The Oval last year . The speculation over whether Kevin Pietersen will return to the England fold will overshadow the tour . The wonder is whether Cook can clear his mind sufficiently to defend his wicket against the new ball , or dispatch a wide one . That ability , though , is what sets apart batsmen of his calibre - and he can only keep telling himself he has the track record to prove it . ` That 's what I 've got to do ... at the top of the order you 're paid to score runs , and I 'd love to get back to that . ` Every time you go out to bat you start on nought . ` The record you have in the past counts for nothing when you walk out there . ' Cook waved what he hoped would be a brief goodbye to Moores , less than a week before turning 30 on Christmas Day , still apparently full of optimism - despite an unsuccessful tour of Sri Lanka - that he would be retained to complete the task he had been set three-and-a-half years earlier , to lead England to the World Cup . Cook struggled for form playing for the MCC against Yorkshire in Abu Dhabi last month . Cook will hope England can regain the Ashes when they face Australia later this summer . The tinsel could barely have been in place around him , wife Alice and their baby daughter at their rural home before he discovered he would be staying on well into the new year after all . Back to work last week , after England 's World Cup embarrassment without him and off his own bat after those two brief innings for MCC against champion county Yorkshire in Abu Dhabi , Cook could do little else than try to impart a little positive spin on events . ` It 's been a different couple of months from what I thought I would have before Christmas . ` Every cloud has a huge silver lining , and spending three months at home has been fantastic . ` It 's been living a normal life again - which I have n't had for quite a long time - and it 's been great , spending time with family and friends and being at home . ` It 's been refreshing , but the challenge now is that a lot 's gone on since that last win against India at The Oval . Cook pictured in conversation with England head coach Peter Moores during a nets session on Sunday . Cook -LRB- centre -RRB- takes part in a fielding drill at Warner Park in Basseterre , Saint Kitts and Nevis . ` To say we can get back there straight away is going to be a challenge for the players and for the leadership , with me and Mooresy , to try to do that . ' It is a moot point whether Graves ' words will help them or not . He spelled out in the weeks before England 's first venture of an outrageously hectic year that , should Cook 's tourists fail to beat the ` mediocre ' opposition they are set to face in the Windies , there will be ` inquiries ' . Encouraged or otherwise by that , Cook is experienced enough to know - especially after England 's disappointments and struggles since they won their last home Ashes series - that success will be hard-earned and is no foregone conclusion . Reminded of the chairman 's synopsis , he said : ` Anyone who has to cross over the line and face 90 mph bowling from Kemar Roach will have a different view of that . ` We know that winning any series away from home will take a lot of skill and effort . '