The sister of a hairdresser who was stabbed to death with a pair of scissors , has revealed Leila Alavi was on a desperate mission to find a women 's refuge to escape her estranged husband . The 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser had taken out an Apprehended Domestic Violence Order against 33-year-old Mokthar Hosseiniamraei after years of turmoil . But Ms Alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park at Auburn Shopping Village in Sydney 's west . Mitra Alavi has told Sydney Morning Herald her little sister had moved into her apartment in a desperate move after being refused from several women 's shelters . ` Leila goes to a women 's place with me but every day they say we do n't have a room , ' she said . Scroll down for video . Leila Alavi had taken out an apprehended violence order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei . Her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her Holden Astra with initial examination suggesting Ms Alavi had suffered a knife wound to the throat . A spokeswoman for the advocacy group SOS Women 's Services , Roxanne McMurray , told the Sydney Morning Herald that Ms Alavi would likely have been able to survive the violence if she was given access to a refuge at the time of her search . Police alleged that a history of domestic violence was inflicted on Ms Alavi . Her ex-partner , Mokthar Hosseiniamraei , stood accused of murder during a hearing at Parramatta Local Court in January . Speaking to Daily Mail Australia in January , Ms Alavi 's distressed co-worker at the Benjamin Hair Studio , said she did n't know ` how or why this happened . ' Another colleague revealed it was not unusual for Ms Alavi to meet her estranged husband . ` I 've seen him over 10,000 times , ' Meneske Cinar told the Daily Telegraph . Ms Alavi had moved to Australia from Iran and was studying at Granville TAFE for her future . Apprentice hairdresser Leila Alavi was working when she reportedly received a phone call and left . Flemington local police were called to the Auburn shopping centre in Sydney where Leila Alavi was found stabbed inside a vehicle . Hosseiniamraei was taken to Auburn Police Station for questioning and was charged with murder and breaching an AVO . Court documents opposing Hosseiniamraei 's bail depicted a turbulent relationship between the pair who reportedly married in 2011 in Sydney . ` The accused has shown a propensity for anger and being unable to control that anger , ' police alleged . Police are investigating the death of a 26-year-old woman after she was found ` stabbed to death ' in her car . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .