A ` greedy ' cashier who stole £ 15,000 from a currency exchange and blew it on living a high-flying lifestyle was told by a judge it was time to ` get her hands dirty ' . Fashion conscious Shanice Farier , 22 , from Derby , earned a ` decent salary ' and received handouts from her father but that was n't enough for her expensive taste , the court heard . She helped herself to money from Kanoo Travel in Derby and spent it staying in hotels and living ` an opulent lifestyle ' , said Judge John Burgess . Farier appeared at Derby Crown Court highly made up , wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag , and even posed for pictures outside court . Shanice Farier -LRB- pictured -RRB- appeared at Derby Crown Court highly made up , wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag . ` Greedy ' cashier Shanice Farier , 22 , poses at the top of the steps outside court were she was found guilty of stealing £ 15,000 from her employer , Kanoo Travel in Derby . The Judge ordered Farier -LRB- pictured -RRB- to 240 hours of unpaid work , adding : ` I hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty ' Judge Burgess chastised her for her greed before ordering her to do 240 hours of unpaid work , adding that he hopes she will ` get her hands dirty ' . The judge said : ` She 's got all the advantages in life . She 's not a person who needs help with a gambling , drug or drink problem . She 's just greedy . ' He then turned to her and added : ` Unpaid work for the community is not intended to be humiliating , but I hope for every hour you are doing it , you remember why you are there . ' She was involved in handling different currencies for the firm but on 12 separate occasions she took money for herself before entering the remainder into the company 's books . Farier admitted stealing of £ 15,336 from her employer between October 2012 and February 2013 and converting criminal property between January 2013 and February 2014 . Stuart Lody , prosecuting , said said she had n't worked for Kanoo long before she started stealing and they soon noticed ` an unusual pattern of discrepancy emanating from the Derby office ' . Farier was questioned but denied any wrongdoing and even tried to point the finger at other employees . But her dishonesty was exposed and she was subject to an internal disciplinary procedure and dismissed . Farier was questioned but denied any wrongdoing and even tried to point the finger at other employees . Judge John Burgess said Farier -LRB- pictured -RRB- had told the probation service that she thought ` it was too easy ' Mr Lody said : ` She began working for the company in March 2012 and it was n't long before she started stealing from her employer . Perhaps she did n't realise how tightly financial systems are controlled . ' Stuart Newsam , for Farier , said : ` This offending is out of character . She did n't consider the consequences of her actions and thoroughly regrets now what she did . ' Judge John Burgess said Farier had told the probation service that she thought ` it was too easy ' . The judge handed her a 10-month jail sentence suspended for 18 months , with 240 hours of unpaid work , adding : ` I hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty . ' A spokesman for the company said : ` Kanoo would like to thank Derbyshire police for their handling of the investigation and has nothing further to add to the judge 's comments in court . ' A proceeds of crime hearing will be held at Derby Crown Court on June 23 .