Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina has a Premier League win ratio of 91.7 per cent - the highest of any player to have made at least 10 appearances . Following the Gunners ' 1-0 win against Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday , the Colombia international took his tally to 11 wins from 12 games since he displaced Wojciech Szczesny as No 1 in January . Ospina has kept six clean sheets in those 12 games with his only defeat coming against Tottenham in the north London derby on February 7 to boast an impressive win percentage . But who else makes the top 10 ? Ospina has the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances . The Arsenal goalkeeper has won 11 of his 12 games in the league since displacing Wojciech Szczesny . Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic -LRB- right -RRB- won 10 of his 11 games in the league before being sold . Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic , who was deemed not good enough after making just 11 Premier League appearances before being sold to Fiorentina , is second behind Ospina . The Montenegro international has a win ratio of 90.9 per cent after appearing on the losing side just once during his only season with the Premier League champions . Gerard Pique , who spent four years at Manchester United , makes up the top three after winning 10 of his 12 Premier League games before rejoining Barcelona and going on to win countless trophies , including a World Cup with Spain . Gerard Pique made 12 Premier League appearances for Manchester United , winning 10 of them . Arjen Robben posts an impressive 82.1 per cent win ration in the Premier League from 67 matches . Asier del Horno won 20 times during his only season in the Premier League with Chelsea in 2005-06 . Arjen Robben has arguably the most impressive stats of any player on the list for the number of appearances he made for Chelsea during a three-year spell . The Bayern Munich winger was on the winning side an incredible 55 times from his 67 games giving him a win ration of 82.1 per cent . Another former Chelsea player Asier del Horno is fifth on the list with 80 per cent and is followed by current Arsenal right back Hector Bellerin with 78.6 . Arsenal right back Hector Bellerin -LRB- left -RRB- has won 11 of his 14 league games this season . Manchester United forward James Wilson has won 10 of 13 appearances in the league . Igor Stepanov made 17 appearances for Arsenal in the early 2000s and won 13 matches . Manchester United 's 19-year-old striker James Wilson has only failed to be on the winning side three times from his 13 appearances putting him seventh on the list , while former Arsenal defender Igor Stepanovs ' 76.5 per cent is enough to put him eighth . Nacho Monreal , currently preferred to Kieran Gibbs as Arsenal left back , has won 43 games from his 57 appearances for Arsene Wenger 's side . United defender Paddy McNair sneaks into the top 10 with 75 per cent having featured 12 times under Louis van Gaal this season , winning nine . When did Ospina join Arsenal ? Arsenal signed Ospina from Ligue 1 side Nice last summer . The 26-year-old made close to 200 appearances for the French club during six seasons . How much did Arsenal pay for him ? Originally signed as back-up and competition for Wojciech Szczesny after the Gunners No 2 Lukasz Fabianski joined Swansea , Ospina cost a paltry £ 3million . Is he of international calibre ? Ospina had won 52 caps for Colombia and impressed during their run to the World Cup quarter-final in Brazil last summer . When did Ospina make his first appearance for Arsenal ? Ospina made his debut for Arsenal in a 2-1 defeat by Southampton in the third round of the Capital One Cup back in September and only made one further appearance in the Champions League before 2015 . When did he displace Wojciech Szczesny as No 1 ? Ospina was recalled to the starting line-up as Arsenal beat Hull 2-0 in the FA Cup third round in January after Szczesny was at fault for both goals during a 2-0 defeat by Southampton . It later emerged that the Poland goalkeeper was caught smoking in the showers after the game . Ospina kept his place for the league game the following week and has played every Premier League match since . Did you know ... Ospina is brother-in-law to Real Madrid midfielder and Colombia team-mate James Rodriguez . The former Monaco star married Ospina 's sister Daniela in 2011 .