A recruiting army sergeant raped a female cadet after telling her cousin ` I hope she is as sweet as she looks ' , a court heard today . Edwin ` Jock ' Mee , 46 , who now lives in Scotland , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 , many of whom were young black women , on a military base in south London , during the army interview and screening process . It is claimed that the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at the Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon . Edwin ` Jock ' Mee arriving at Southwark Crown Court , where he is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes . It is claimed that he hold the cousin of his alleged victim ` I hope she is as sweet as she looks ' Today , the cousin of Mee 's alleged rape victim told jurors at Southwark Crown Court that she called the sergeant after becoming concerned he wanted to start a sexual relationship with the cadet . She told the court : ` What he said was `` do n't worry , I will take care of her , I hope she is as sweet as she looks '' . ' But when she asked Mee to repeat what he has said she explained how he went quiet and then hung up . Lisa Wilding QC , for Mee , then asked the witness : ` In light of what she had told you about her concerns about him wanting a relationship , if that was said it must have made you quite concerned ? ' Mee , formerly of south London , but who now lives in Scotland , has denied all the charges against him . She replied : ` Obviously ... it came across as inappropriate to me and the meaning I get from that was it had some sexual undertones . ' The witness also claimed that during the phone call , Mee told her ` I will give it to her hard or rough . ' Ms Wilding then asked : ` The man you have concerns about has just told you he is going to have rough sex with your cousin , what did you do about that ? ' The witness replied : ` After our conversation I did tell her that I want to talk it over based on the conversation I had with the gentleman and she said to me it will hamper her application . ` I asked her if he had threatened her and she said `` just leave it , I 'm not going to encourage him '' . ` I said , well , it was dangerous , ' she told the court . ` Culturally there are certain things , especially when it involves my younger relative - culturally and religiously ... it was very difficult for me to report that . ` Those things , to say them for me , I am religious , it was difficult . ' Ms Wilding then asked : ` Why did you not immediately ring the Army officer and ask to speak to one of his superiors - did you think that was appropriate , that way to speak ? ' She replied : ` Of course , hence my visit there but I was in the middle of going against what she was preventing me to do and so at the same time how was I going to complain without strong evidence that this man had said that ? ` I was waiting to see what would happen next . ' ` I feel like I have let her down - she was in my care , I was her guardian , ' she added . Earlier Mee 's alleged victim told the court she had ` no reason to lie ' . She insisted : ` I swear by my parents - mother and father 's grave and the Koran ... that this happened . ' Mee was British Army recruiting sergeant at Mitcham Barracks in Croydon -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the Careers and Information Office . Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration between October 2010 and September 2011 . The alleged offences were initially investigated by the Royal Military Police , before the case was then handed to the Metropolitan Police . The trial , which is expected to run for six weeks , continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .