The jockey they all struggle to beat but also a rider no sane jockey would attempt to emulate . That is the verdict of colleague Andrew Thornton when trying to explain what has made AP McCoy such a dominant force in his sport . Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy 's entire career , from shy newcomer to national sporting superstar . AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career . McCoy has two rides at Sandown on Saturday before he retires from professional racing for good . ` It is a bit like watching Lionel Messi on a horse , ' said Thornton . ` He had so much time but he has a technique you would n't teach to anybody . ` It might sound like madness when you are talking about a 20-time champion but it is unique . He keeps the bit high up in the horse 's mouth though the general rule is to drop your hands on the back of your mount 's neck . But AP loves to be in 100 per cent control . Whatever his mount does , it is his decision . ` He judges pace so well . He leaves his runs later now and he adapted his style since he started riding for Jonjo O'Neill . ` When he was with Martin Pipe , it was often a case of make sure you put everyone to the sword a mile from home . He would probably even admit he got some horses beaten around Cheltenham in the early days that would not get beaten now . ` He is very aware of what is going on around him . If you look at this year 's Grand National , and when he won it in 2010 on Do n't Push It , he had so much room . He finds room in a race and uses it . ` You also never know how much he has left in the tank . You very rarely see him sitting still . It is a bit like a coiled spring . ' McCoy -LRB- left -RRB- and wife Chanelle will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends . Thornton , who needs fewer than 20 winners to reach 1,000 in his career , says age has mellowed McCoy , who is an unassuming figure among his colleagues . Former jockey Luke Harvey , now a TV presenter for At The Races , agrees . ` He has never been the big ` I am ' . ` I used to run The Blowing Stone pub in Lambourn and he would come along even though he does n't drink . ` He would stand in and play for the pool team and what p *** ed you off was that he was good at that as well . McCoy and Mr Mole will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday . ` Before he was married , his home was like a doss house , full of jockeys who got back late from racing and could not be bothered to go home . ` Seamus Durack -LRB- now a Lambourn trainer -RRB- bought a house but liked living at AP 's so much he rented it out and stayed at AP 's . ' Richard Hughes , champion Flat jockey , is impressed by McCoy 's legendary focus . ` I was on holiday with him in Portugal . AP played two days ' golf , flew home to ride at Sedgefield and then back out to play the final day . We told him he was mad . '