James Hook claims it will be ` a bonus ' if Wales come calling for his services ahead of this year 's World Cup . The Gloucester fly-half has a golden opportunity to showcase his undisputed ability in Friday night 's European Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh . But although 29-year-old Hook has won 77 Test caps , he can reflect on just two starts for Wales - against the Barbarians and Tonga - since the last World Cup in 2011 . James Hook will hope to showcase his ability in the European Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh on Friday . The Gloucester fly-half has n't given up on earning a Wales recall ahead of this summer 's World Cup . Given Hook 's quality at fly-half , centre and full-back , it is baffling to the layman that Wales head coach Warren Gatland can not find room for him in his matchday 23 or wider squads . Gareth Anscombe is being widely touted as Wales ' likely World Cup utility back , suggesting that even if Hook makes a 45-man training squad to be announced in early June , Gatland 's final 31-man cut could prove beyond him . Asked about his Wales ambitions , Hook said : ` I always hope , but it is out of my hands . I have not had any contact or anything . ` It has probably helped me because I have focused on Gloucester and not thought about Wales . ` I do hope I get a shout from Wales at some point , but it has not happened for a while and I am not expecting it . If it does happen , great , if not ... ' Hook , who made his Wales debut almost nine years ago and has featured in two World Cup campaigns , is philosophical about the current state of play . ` Rob Howley -LRB- Wales assistant coach -RRB- spoke to me last autumn about straightening up and things like that , so I am trying to bring that into my game , ' Hook added . ` But other than that , I am trying to focus on what I have got to do here -LRB- at Gloucester -RRB- , rather than what they want me to do . Hook says first and foremost he is focusing on what he needs to do with club side Gloucester . ` Wales play direct , and I would like to think I could fit into that if needed . I am more of a heads-up player , but I can stick to a structure if needed . ` In the past , you think a lot about the World Cup as it comes up , but not being in the squad has helped me take my focus off it and I am just enjoying my time with Gloucester and not thinking about Wales , in a way . ` I have taken the pressure off myself . I am not expecting anything to happen , and if it did , it would be a bonus . ` It is the first time in my career that has happened , which is frustrating because you want to be in there , but you get over it and focus on what you have to do . At 29 , I should be in my prime , but that is the way it goes . ' Top of Hook 's immediate agenda will be to help Gloucester in their quest for European silverware , and that prospect is in stark contrast to his emotions 12 months ago with French club Perpignan . It is almost a year to the day since Perpignan were relegated from the Top 14 - the first time in their 103-year history they had suffered such an ignominy - and Hook was to sign for Gloucester just a month later . The 29-year-old says it was tough at Perpignan when the French side were relegated from the Top 14 last year . ` It was difficult then for Perpignan , and it is nice to be here with the chance to win something , ' he said . ` It is a chance to go from relegation to a European final . ` It was disappointing how it ended in France , but this is a new challenge and we have been building throughout the season . ` I am improving game on game . Maybe I am a bit wiser now , and the more games I get at 10 , the better I will become . ` David Humphreys -LRB- Gloucester rugby director -RRB- has given me that opportunity at fly-half , even when it was not going so well at the beginning of the season . ` He stuck with me , where other coaches may have shuffled me around a bit . I appreciate that , and I am trying to repay him with my performances . ` He has given me licence to bring my qualities into play , whether it is making a break or playing what I see . You have to play within the structure , and it is making the right decisions at the right time . '