When Floyd Mayweather turned professional in 1996 , his ring nickname was ` Pretty Boy ' . But as he grew more successful and became one of the highest-paid fighters in the world , he swapped that for ` Money ' , fitting for a man who has earned more than $ 400 million in his career . Mayweather is also not shy about sharing his extravagant purchases with the world via social media . Here , Sportsmail looks at his vast collection of super cars , private jets and jewellery . Scroll down for video . Floyd Mayweather counts his money , the boxer has earned more than $ 400million throughout his career . CARS . Mayweather 's love of cars is legendary and has such an expensive collection that he recently referred to two of his three Bugatti 's as ` cheap ' , despite costing more than $ 1m each . He also has a third , which cost him more than $ 3m . One of his car dealers revealed he has been called in the small hours of the morning by the boxer and asked to have car delivered within 12 hours . Another deal said Mayweather has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years , including 16 Rolls-Royces . From left to right : Ferrari 599 GTB Fiorano , Porsche 911 Turbo S , Lamborghini Aventador , Ferrari 458 Spider , Ferrari 458 Spider . Bugatti Grand Sport , Bugatti Veyron , Bugatti Veyron ... and a private jet worth £ 30m . Mayweather leaning against a Bentley back in 2013 when he posted the message : ` Enjoying my night ' Mayweather does n't just buy cars for himself , he treated his girlfriend to a new Ferrari . Floyd Mayweather uploaded the above image to his Instagram account of his Ferrari Enzo . Mayweather bought his son a Bentley golf cart for his 15th birthday . Another two cars are tagged with bows , a Ferrari and a Bentley . Mayweather posted this picture of a Rolls Royce Ghost and Bentley Mulsanne back in 2013 . Mayweather -LRB- right -RRB- shows off two of his Bugattis , which he had before fighting Marcos Maidana last year . JEWELLERY . Reports in America last year suggested Mayweather spent a whopping $ 500,000 on jewellery , including rings and watches during a New York shopping spree . And two years ago he posted a picture of just a single case of watches which he said said was worth $ 6.4 m. Mayweather posted this picture , part of his huge collection of expensive watches two years ago . Mayweather is reportedly partial to a New York shopping spree where he spends thousands . Mayweather also has a very bling collection of silver chains . The undefeated boxer likes his watches in several different colours , but all of them are expensive . Mayweather shows off a gold watch and some sparkly jewels in this picture . Not content with one pair of sunglasses , Mayweather has put together quite the collection . Mayweather also has a vast collection of shoes to choose from . PRIVATE JET . Mayweather is no strange to a late night trip and what other way is there to travel than by private jet ? His current model is worth $ 45m and he often ferries his Money Team wherever he goes . Mayweather poses with some of his team outside his jet . Mayweather during an interview with ESPN before his fight against Manny Pacquiao . Mayweather posted this picture in 2013 of him relaxing on his jet with bundles of money . GAMBLING . Not content with the money he has made from boxing , Mayweather regularly tries to earn more by gambling on sports . Over the last year he posted betting slips showing winnings of up to $ 800,000 . Mayweather takes a trip to the casino to spend some of his hard-earned money . Mayweather regularly stakes huge sums of money on the NFL ; here he won $ 1.4 m . Mayweather won a similar amount when he bet on the Denver Broncos . Mayweather never shies away from posting his betting slips on social media .