The title race might be all but over but the fight for survival is only just beginning . At the end of March , Leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points , seven off safety . Win on Saturday and they will be out of the relegation zone . For Nigel Pearson and his men , their season starts now . When you 're facing relegation you are supposed to be dispirited and lacking in confidence . So how on earth have Leicester won three on the bounce ? Only Arsenal -LRB- 8 -RRB- and Chelsea -LRB- 4 -RRB- can better that as a winning streak . Leicester players are full of confidence after three successive victories in the Premier League . It has been a superhuman effort and they have fought to get themselves in a position where they have something to play for . Leicester were bottom on Christmas Day but win at Burnley and they will give themselves a real chance of staying up -- something only two sides have managed after being bottom at Christmas . It 's not just Leicester , though . The other promoted clubs -- QPR and Burnley -- have shown fantastic spirit . I have been in relegation battles and seen teams with less fight in them than these three . QPR earned a fantastic win at West Brom , were unlucky to draw at Aston Villa and battled manfully against Chelsea . Burnley might be on a poor run but you know Sean Dyche 's side will battle until the bitter end . So how does a manager create a positive attitude when things look so bad ? What you ca n't afford to do is let players sit and study the fixtures and start looking at how many points they need . If they are too busy working out the permutations , they 're not concentrating on their game . Leicester face a crunch clash with fellow relegation battlers Burnley on Saturday . If a player is not being pushed it 's easy for them to shift responsibility and hope somebody else gets them over the line . The best thing to do is keep them busy . If you 're working hard on the training ground looking at team shape , developing players and preparing for games , you are making much better use of your time . I 've been in that situation as a player and the worst thing you can do is to wrap them in cotton wool . There is a tendency to try to protect people in case things go wrong . Training eases up because of injury fears and managers try to keep their players fresh . Leicester manager Nigel Pearson has managed to create a positive attitude in his squad . But that leaves you sitting around with your thoughts and that can be dangerous . There needs to be mental stimulation -- you ca n't sit around and wallow in self-pity . At this stage of the season a week can be a long time between games . Pearson and his players will be absolutely buzzing in training and it 's important to take that energy and intensity into games . It annoys me when managers say it 's all about results . The only way to win is to make sure that your performance is right and that comes from hard work during the week . Pearson has worked hard to make sure Leicester 's destiny is in their own hands . Their form has struck fear into other teams . Leicester striker Leonardo Ulloa celebrates scoring in the 2-0 victory against Swansea . The three promoted sides look brave enough to go out and play , but Sunderland and Hull look paralysed by fear . Steve Bruce thinks Hull 's home form will keep them up but a look at the fixtures shows it wo n't be that easy . Leicester , QPR and Burnley have all given their home fans reason to cheer with their efforts and the thrill of the chase means everything is applauded . Contrast that with the toxic feeling at the Stadium of Light . Leicester have taken a long time to wake up but they have rekindled the atmosphere they had when they beat Manchester United . And with four of their last six games at home , they need to keep that up . If they can , and the level of their performance continues to harness the positivity of that home crowd , do n't bet against them making the great escape . Fans still believe that Leicester can still avoid the drop from the Premier League .