Fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola , officials have warned . While the drinks are said to have health benefits , some brands contain more than a day 's recommended intake of sugar in a single 300 ml serving . The Local Government Association , which represents councils that are responsible for public health , accused soft drink firms of ` dragging their heels ' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products . Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic juice drink -LRB- pictured left -RRB- was found to have 11g of sugar per 100 ml , which is more than the amount in a can of Coca-Cola -LRB- right -RRB- . It said children under the age of ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks . In a survey , the organisation found that some cans of fizzy drinks contain almost twice the recommended daily sugar limit for adults . Even some fruit juices contain more than a single day 's limit in a single serving -- surpassing a can of Coca-Cola . Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic juice drink was found to have 11g of sugar per 100 ml , while PomeGreat ` Super Juice ' had 12.1 g. Both exceed the 10.6 g per 100 ml in a can of Coca-Cola -- but do not come close to the 15.1 g per 100 ml in Old Jamaica Ginger Beer . A 300 ml serving of any of the four drinks would breach the 25g daily sugar limit recommended by the World Health Organisation . Juice businesses insisted the study is misleading because it does not differentiate between unhealthy added sugar -- such as monosaccharides and disaccharides in fizzy drinks -- and natural sugar found in fruit . Cranberry juice is frequently promoted as a health product which is said to ward off urinary tract infections . And pomegranate juice has been linked to resistance to prostate cancer and heart disease . The LGA is calling for a fifth of the VAT raised on sugary drinks , sweets and takeaway food to go to councils to pay for public health schemes . Councillor Izzi Seccombe , Tory leader of Warwickshire county council and chairman of the LGA 's Community Wellbeing Board , said : ` It is wholly unacceptable for one normal-sized can of soft drink to contain double the recommended daily limit . ` Products like these are fuelling the obesity crisis and helping wean a generation of overweight children . ` We are calling on the sector as a whole to step up and show more corporate responsibility . ' A spokesman for Ocean Spray said cranberries are naturally low in sugar , so sweetening is required . Vitamin Water is promoted for its health benefits , but drinks contain four teaspoons of sugar per 330 ml . She added : ` We offer consumers a range of reduced sugar options including our Cranberry Classic Light product . ` We 've made and continue to maintain a firm commitment to low-sugar innovation , and through product formulation , price promotion and portion sizes we seek to offer the best choice in flavours , calories and formats . ' Adam Pritchard , chief executive of PomeGreat , accused the LGA of distributing misleading research . He said his product does not include refined sugar , which the WHO says is more harmful than naturally occurring fruit sugars . PomeGreat instead includes pinitol , a natural compound which stops blood sugar levels rapidly rising . Mr Pritchard said : ` To lump us in with big fizzy drinks companies is just misleading . ` We are a small company competing with huge multinational businesses which are just chucking sugar into drinks because it is cheap . ` We use a much more healthy natural sweetener which costs 2.5 as much as refined sugar . It is not the same thing . '