Women with advanced cervical cancer -- the most common cancer afflicting young women -- are to get the first officially approved new treatment for a decade . Trials show Avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women around four months ' extra life . The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators . Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund -LRB- CDF -RRB- until it is considered for routine NHS use . It has been available in England via the CDF since last March pending licensing . Scroll down for video . Drug : Trials show Avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women about four months ' extra life . Each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from Avastin , costing £ 3,370 for a month 's treatment . The drug 's use was accelerated by the US Food and Drug Administration which approved Avastin plus chemotherapy for advanced cervical cancer in August 2014 . Nearly 3,000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer in the UK each year , and it kills around 1,000 women . Cervical cancer , which is cancer of the neck of the womb , is the most common cancer in women aged 35 and under . It is treated with surgery , radiotherapy and chemotherapy and if diagnosed and treated early the outlook is good . However , for patients who are diagnosed when their cancer is at a more advanced stage it becomes more difficult to treat and a cure is unlikely . Reality TV star Jade Goody died in March 2009 aged 27 after a very public battle with the disease . The time between her diagnosis and death was just months , suggesting her cancer was already at an advanced stage on diagnosis and within five months it had spread . Cervical cancer : Reality TV star Jade Goody died in 2009 aged 27 after a very public battle with the disease . Avastin , which is also known as bevacizumab and widely used in patients with bowel cancer , is the first new treatment since the chemotherapy drug topotecan was approved in 2006 . Dr Mary McCormack , Consultant Clinical Oncologist at University College Hospital , said ` Cervical cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in younger women . ` For those women with metastatic disease -LRB- that has spread -RRB- or whose cancer recurs after surgery/chemoradiation there are very few treatment options . It is very welcome indeed that when Avastin is added to chemotherapy it prolongs survival by approximately four months . ` For a young mother sitting in front of you with small children , or indeed any patient with cancer , that length of time can be extremely important . ' Robert Music , chief executive of Jo 's Cervical Cancer Trust , said ` This regulatory decision for Avastin is positive news . To date , prognosis for women who receive a late-stage diagnosis of cervical cancer has often been poor . ` Any additional time that can be provided through new drugs with limited impact on quality of life is extremely valuable to patients and their families . ' Trial findings show Avastin combined with chemotherapy can extend the lives of women with advanced cervical cancer by 26 per cent compared with chemotherapy alone . The drug , made by Switzerland-based drug makers Roche , led to overall survival of 17 months compared to 13 months . Avastin works by blocking the blood supply to the tumour , starving it of oxygen and nutrients . An independent blood supply is critical for a tumour to grow beyond 2 mm and spread to other parts of the body .11 . Tumours develop their own blood supply in a process called angiogenesis by releasing vascular endothelial growth factor -LRB- VEGF -RRB- -- a key driver for tumour growth . Avastin is an antibody that precisely targets and inhibits VEGF .