One of Sydney 's oldest surviving homes is expected to go under the hammer for $ 4million in the much sought after harbourside suburb of Millers Point next month . The heritage-listed Colonial Georgian residence , with three storeys and six bedrooms , was built by whaling captain George Grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten 's work in 1843 . Boasting stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace , the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks . Scroll down for video . Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms and is set to sell for $ 4million . The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace . The sandstone and brick home has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces , high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen . Less than 10 minutes walk to the city 's centre - with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks - the sandstone and brick cottage has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces , high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen . As if that was n't enough to play with - there is also a separate private self-contained rear guest studio . Only one of two freestanding properties in the New South Wales Government 's controversial social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in the suburb . Described as an ` extremely rare intact example of architecture ' by domain.com.au , the protected property has strict guidelines including not permitting parking in the cobblestone side driveway , changes to the front or back facades or any additions or alterations made to the external colour of the building , The Daily Telegraph reported . Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten 's work in 1843 . The heritage-listed property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks . The protected property has strict guidelines including not permitting parking in the cobblestone side driveway , changes to the front or back facades or any additions or alterations made to the external colour of the building .