A college professor has been charged after he called a driver a ` moron ' and threatened him during a a road rage incident on campus . Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday . The 56-year-old , who works in the College of Applied Engineering , can be heard shouting : ` What kind of moron are you ? ' Scroll down for video . Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday . He then tries to grab the windshield wipers but is pulled to ground when the van drives off . Adkins suffered road rash and was treated at the scene . Witnesses told NewsNet5 the incident was sparked when the minivan cut off the car . Adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a a pedestrian . He told the TV station : ` That 's when I just got very upset about texting and driving . We 've been inundated with ... you should n't be doing that . That 's when I got out of my car and , yes , I got enraged . The 56-year-old , who works in the College of Applied Engineering , can be heard shouting : ` What kind of moron are you ? ' He was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers , and the car drove off . ` I did n't get violent . I did n't get threatening . But I did want to make my point to him . Unfortunately I made it very strong . ` Maybe I should n't have been quite as intense , but at the same time , is it possible that my being that intense saved a future life ? ' Adkins was charged with menacing , a fourth-degree misdemeanor . He will appear in court April 21 and plans to plead guilty . His biggest concern however is about his job - which some people say could be in jeopardy . ` I may be getting in a lot of trouble for it . I hope to hell something comes good out of it , ' he old NewsNet5 . ` If what I did did n't teach him that he should n't be texting while driving , nothing is going to . ' Adkins -LRB- left and right -RRB- claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a a pedestrian . He is due in court next week and plans to plead guilty to a misdemeanor .