Tennis champion Novak Djokovic has apologised to a startled ball boy and his parents after the Serbian player startled him during his final showdown with Andy Murray . Djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the Miami Open to Murray . During the tirade , Djokovic grabbed a towel from the shocked youngster who was caught up in the crossfire . Umpire Damien Dumusois issued Djokovic a warning for the way he shouted at his support team , but there was no reprimand for the manner in which he treated the ball boy . Tennis champion Novak Djokovic issued an apology to a ball boy he frightened during the Miami Open . Djokovic shouted at his backroom team when the ball boy got caught up in the cross fire . Djokovic grabbed a towel from the ball boy , pictured , who seemed startled by the loud confrontation . However , following his victory , Djokovic posted a message on his Facebook page apologising to the youngster and his parents . He said : ` It 's probably been the best start to a season aside from 2011 that I had in my career , and I ca n't be more grateful for all the support I 'm getting from you guys and I 'm enjoying my time playing and competing and hopefully I brought a smile to your faces . ` Also I want to reflect on a bad moment that happened in the final against Andy when I lost the second set . I yelled to my camp and my box in frustration . ` I saw the replay . Unfortunately a ball boy was in the middle of it and I really , really feel sorry and regret that he was there . There was absolutely no intention whatsoever to hurt him or scare him in any kind of way . I sincerely hope he forgives me . I really apologise . ' Djokovic then extended his apology to the boy 's parents . ` I do care about children a lot right now and I look at it in a much different way , ' he added . ` So I want to apologise to his parents for this situation as well . As a father I would n't wish that something like this happens to my son . ` Again I sincerely hope you can forgive me and that we can move on . Unfortunately sometimes the emotions get the better of you . ` Also times as a professional athlete you learn how to control them and how to stay composed and mentally strong . But on a hot day like this when Andy was playing well and pushing all my buttons it was n't easy . ' The youngster was standing between Djokovic and his backroom team during the heated exchange . Djokovic , right , defeated Britain 's number 1 Andy Murray , left , following Sunday 's final in Miami .