V Stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in Los Angeles on Thursday . The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco . This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling . Scroll down video . V Stiviano -LRB- above -RRB- showed off new braces while out to lunch Thursday . She was joined for the male by an older male companion -LRB- above -RRB- . Stiviano and her friend enjoyed lunch at Il Pastaio , a favorite of the Kardashians . On Thursday however , Stiviano and her new friend , whose idnetity is not yet known , enjoyed some food at Il Pastaio in Beverly Hills . The Italian restaurant , owned by chef Giacomino Drago , is known for its celebrity clientele , and is a favorite of stars including the Hiltons and Kardashians . Stiviano was also showing off a new hairstyle for the outing as well , with her normally straight hair very curly and looking particularly full . She also appeared to receive a present from her gentleman friend at one point , pulling something out of a pink bag . Meanwhile , a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge is set to decide if Stiviano must return gifts to her ex Sterlung after he and his wife Shelly took her to court . Shelly laid out some of the items in a court document , including a $ 1.8 million home , $ 1.2 million in cash , $ 400,000 in cars and even a $ 12 lace thong . The couple want back the house and another $ 1million . It was Stiviano who recorded the now-infamous conversation with Donald Sterling in which he berated her for associating with black people and urged her not to bring minorities with her to Clippers basketball games . In the furor sparked when the remarks were made public , the NBA banned Sterling from the league for life , and he was ultimately forced to sell the Clippers franchise he had owned for 33 years for a record $ 2billion . The identity of Stiviano 's male companion is not yet known . She also appeared to receive a present from her gentleman friend at one point , pulling something out of a pink bag . This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling . Stiviano testified last week that the 80-year-old billionaire real estate mogul spent far more time with her and members of her family during the two and a half years she spent as his personal assistant , driver and confidante than he did with his own wife and children . ` We were so interconnected on a level that was more spiritual . He became my everything and I became his all , ' she said , though she repeated under oath that the relationship was never sexual in nature . She also said ; ` The real Donald Sterling is a con artist , a bigot ... he 's mean , he 's despicable , ' Stiviano replied , before quickly adding that to her , he was ` kind , loving , sweet ... a mentor , a father . ... He treated me as he treated no one else . ' She added that tolerating his racist moments was ` part of the job ' that had its rewards in the way he treated her and her family . Stiviano broke down in tears as she described the Clippers owner showing up at the hospital when her brother needed a heart transplant and described how he appeared in court to support her adoption of two boys . Shelly , who accused Stiviano of fraud in her testimony , painted her rival as a gold digger who seduced her husband into lavishing her with money and gifts and is now out to hurt him .