Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend . Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind . Police have expressed their ` disgust ' over the incident while the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries , the ABC reports . Scroll down for video . Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend . It is believed two men had been removed from the venue on Swanston Street when they allegedly assaulted two male staff members at about 10.13 pm . Police say the pair , aged 27 and 36 , sustained minor facial injuries when they left the club but did not require hospital treatment . At about 10.53 pm , one of the men returned and stabbed the North Melbourne man in the back before running from the scene . Detective Senior Constable Alex Brgoc told the ABC ` it was disgusting watching the footage ' . ` The security guard involved was n't even involved in the initial ejection . He had his back turned so he had no opportunity to defend himself , ' he said . Police have released CCTV footage of the incident , as one of the men is described as having a solid build and dark hair . He was wearing a blue/purple t-shirt , jeans and runners . The second man is described as having a solid build , about 180 cm tall with brown hair . He was wearing a maroon t-shirt and dark-coloured pants . Police say a man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind . In a separate incident , early on Good Friday , another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne . Police believe a 24-year-old man was refused entry into a nightclub on Queens Street at about 4.30 am when he then allegedly slashed one of the bouncers in the leg and fled . The injured security guard and his colleagues chased after the South Melbourne man to the corner of Collins Street where an alleged assault took place between the two parties . The 24-year-old suffered serious injuries and was taken to The Alfred hospital where he remains in a stable condition . The security guard suffered a minor slash wound but did not require any medical treatment . Anyone with any information about either of the stabbings should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .