Ethan Czahor -LRB- pictured -RRB- has launched ` Clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer . A former aide to Jeb Bush who was fired for offensive tweets has developed an app that lets you scrub embarrassing messages from the social network . Ethan Czahor has launched ` Clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer . Users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them . Mr Czahor said hoped the app would ensure others do not suffer the same fate as he did . In February , Mr Czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush , the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate . Among the old Twitter messages he posted was one in which he called female students ` sluts ' . One post read : ` When I burp in the gym I feel like it 's my way of saying , ` sorry guys , but I 'm not gay '' . Mr Czahor told Time magazine : ` Why was n't I smart enough to take care of this before it happens ? ` This could happen to anyone in any field - it does n't have to be politics - every millennial is now entering the workforce , and maybe even a senior position , and everything they 've said online for the last 10 years is still there , and that 's a new thing for this generation ' . Mr Czahor said that with Clear a user 's tweets are analysed using IBM 's Watson supercomputer and put through sentiment analysis to ensure they are taken in context . In February Ethan Czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush , the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate , for making sexist and homophobic remarks on Twitter . With Clear a user 's tweets are analysed using IBM 's Watson supercomputer and put through sentiment analysis to ensure they are taken in context . Users are then given a rating between 0 and 100 as to how safe their profile is and the can act accordingly based on the result . Users are then given a rating between 0 and 100 as to how safe their profile is and the can act accordingly based on the result . Researchers from Stanford and Cornell University recently studied 40 million posts made by 1.7 million web users to try to identify trolls . From this data they were able identify so-called Future-Banned Users -LRB- FBUs -RRB- - and Never-Banned Users -LRB- NBUs -RRB- . The former are people that are more likely to exhibit antisocial behaviour on online forums , while the latter are everyday users that do n't show signs of troll-like behaviour . The researchers then built an algorithm that scans posts for signs of such antisocial behaviour , and a study shows this algorithm can identify potential trolls in 80 % of cases . For example , posts made by trolls are less readable . Trolls are more likely to veer off-topic and have fewer similarities in terms of language and content compared to other posts . Trolls are also less likely to use positive words than other users and they swear more . In terms of activity , the study found that trolls make more comments each day , and post more times on each thread . Trolls were also more likely to have had posts deleted than other users . Mr Czahor said : ` The most challenging part of this is determining which tweets are actually offensive , and that 's something that will take a while to get really good at ' . He added he also wanted to develop the app so that it worked for other social networks and blogs . After his tweets became public it emerged that in his personal blog he praised civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. because he ` did n't have his pants sagged to his ankles ' . Mr Czahor said : ` You as a person exist in a lot of places on the internet , and I just feel that you have the right to at least know what 's out there , and to take care of it ' . Like the general public , celebrities have often been caught out by old tweets they posted that have come back to haunt them . And when somebody becomes famous , their messages on social networks going back years are combed through by fans and put under the spotlight . In the US Trevor Noah , the new host of comedy programme The Daily Show , was criticised for old tweets in which he made anti-Semitic jokes . He also made jokes about overweight women which sparked criticism that he was the wrong man for the job . Last year Twitter made it easier to find such messages as its search option allows anyone to comb through every tweet ever published publicly . Previously you had to scroll through years of tweets or pay for expensive search software . The app is currently in beta and interested users can register their interest to be told when the app will be available for download from the iOS store .