Both Chelsea and the Premier League are furious with the BBC for allowing it to be known that the Premier League trophy was being displayed on the centre circle at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday . There is great sensitivity at Chelsea about not presuming their title success before they are crowned champions and manager Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace on Sunday before celebrating . Yet a 20-strong stadium tour group at Chelsea clearly saw the Premier League silverware on the pitch although a security guard attempted to cover it up to prevent photographs being taken . Didier Drogba celebrates against Leicester as Chelsea took a step closer to the Premier League title . Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace before celebrating . The Premier League had agreed to a request from the BBC to film the trophy at Stamford Bridge to help with their programme preparation in advance of Chelsea 's two games this week . But it was on the strict understanding that the big prize was not seen at Chelsea by members of the public , who would then assume the club were taking their Premier League triumph for granted . A BBC spokeswoman said : ` We were filming a sequence for use in the event that Chelsea win the Premier League and the footage will only air on that basis . We made every effort to ensure the trophy was n't exposed to the public , but unfortunately it was briefly visible from a distance to a stadium tour . ' Chelsea allowed the Premier League trophy , lifted by John Terry in 2010 , to be displayed at Stamford Bridge for the BBC on the strict understanding that the big prize was not seen by members of the public . On Thursday night , Tony McCoy received what is sure to be the first of a whole host of awards to mark his retirement as the greatest ever jump jockey when given the Sport Industry 's Outstanding Contribution to British Sport accolade . The presentation was made by Clare Balding , who opted to present the Boat Race rather than McCoy 's last Grand National , and Thierry Henry , who was originally due to hand over the jockeys ' championship trophy to McCoy at Sandown last Saturday before being replaced by Ian Wright . Recently retired jockey AP McCoy was in attendance with his wife Chanelle for the BT Sport Industry Awards in Battersea on Thursday and received the Outstanding Contribution to British Sport accolade . There is still plenty of uncertainty around the exact responsibilities of the England director of cricket with only a skeleton job description having been sent out . And another win by Peter Moores 's side in the third Test against West Indies will further advance the view that the ECB should wait and see how the New Zealand and Ashes series play out before making their choice . Meanwhile , although new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison gives the early impression he has little or no time for the media , at least his director of communications appointment Chris Haynes has ordered daily newspapers to be delivered again to the ECB HQ at Lord 's - certainly a step in the right direction . A sure sign that incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves will want more transparency around the organisation is that the county he bankrolls , Yorkshire , are allowing Sky cameras access to all areas -- including team talks in the dressing room -- for the duration of the season . The filming is for a behind-the-scenes documentary . Yorkshire , bankrolled by Colin Graves -LRB- left -RRB- , are allowing Sky cameras access to all areas for the season . TIGERS TARGET CUP FANS . Leicester Tigers are being provocative with their Rugby World Cup planning at Welford Road after England Rugby 2015 chose to stage two tournament matches at the nearby football stadium where the games are still a long way from selling out . Tigers are putting on dinners , big-screen showings of matches , entertainment on Leicester match days and even a rival fan zone to the official one in the city . Both ER 2015 and World Rugby are annoyed with Tigers ' tactics . But with no major events legislation in place they are relying on Leicester Council to halt the ambush marketing . Meanwhile former England captain Will Carling , who runs his own business , is on ER 2015 's radar as he is looking to set up an unofficial hospitality venue as close as he can to Twickenham . The Portuguese Open tennis in Estoril this week is being staged thanks to the patronage of football super-agent Jorge Mendes who is leading a consortium that has rescued the event from closure . Organisers did not have the funds to carry on the 25-year-old tournament this year until tennis fan Mendes , whose clients include Jose Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo , became involved .