Point guard Stephen Curry nearly single-handedly outscored New Orleans with 11 first-quarter points as the Warriors built a 15-point lead and rolled to victory in Game One of their Western Conference first-round series . Game Two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for Monday night in Oakland . Golden State , the top seed in the West , picked up right where it left off in the regular season , recording a 19th straight home win and 40th in 42 games this year . Stephen Curry scored a stunning 34 points for the Golden State Warriors in there play-off game . The Warriors did it by taking a 25-point lead into the final minute of the third quarter , then holding on . ` We missed a lot of free throws , which made it a lot closer than it needed to be , ' coach Steve Kerr said . ` But in the playoffs you 've just got to get it done somehow . We 're up 1-0 . That 's where we want to be . ' Curry led the Warriors with 34 points , hitting 13 of 25 shots and four three-pointers . All five Golden State starters scored in double figures . Guard Klay Thompson complemented Curry with 21 points , while power forward Draymond Green -LRB- 15 points , 12 rebounds -RRB- and center Andrew Bogut -LRB- 12 points , 14 rebounds -RRB- recorded double-doubles . The point guard has been in spectacular form as he looks to lead the Warriors to the NBA glory . Curry celebrates after scoring a three-pointer on his way to scoring 11 first quarter points . New Orleans power forward Anthony Davis scored a game-high 35 points , 20 in the fourth quarter . He also blocked four shots and grabbed seven rebounds . Small forward Quincy Pondexter , assigned to cover Curry most of the game , added 20 points for the Pelicans . Visiting Washington outscored Toronto 11-4 in the overtime in winning the opener of their first-round playoff series . Washington traveled to Toronto and came away with the victory with a confident overtime performance . Forward Paul Pierce started the overtime with a three-pointer and scored 20 points to lead the Wizards , who let a 15-point lead slip away in the fourth quarter before winning . Guard Bradley Beal added 16 points for Washington and forward Nene contributed 12 points and 13 rebounds . Forward Amir Johnson came off the bench to lead the Raptors with 18 points and guard DeMar DeRozan added 15 points . Paul Pierce -LRB- left -RRB- top-scored in the clash with 20 points as the Wizards secured an important play-off win .