Although Hillary Clinton boasts a robust 3.6 million Twitter followers , not even a vast right-wing conspiracy would be able to interact with 2 million of them . According to two popular online measuring tools , no more than 44 per cent of her Twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform . And at least 15 per cent -- more than 544,000 -- are completely fake . StatusPeople.com , the oldest publicly available Twitter-auditing tool , reports that 44 per cent of the former secretary of state 's followers are ` good ' ; 15 per cent are ` fake ' ; and 41 per cent are ` inactive , ' meaning that they never tweet or reply to any tweets . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . FAKERS : According to one popular online audit tool , only 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton 's Twitter followers are real people who participate on the social media platform . ` I 'M RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT ' : Clinton has cast herself as a champion of ` everyday Americans ' Another Twitter sleuthing website sampled more than 320,000 of Clinton 's followers and found that a much larger number of them were ` fake ' Just 4 per cent of President Barack Obama 's Twitter followers , by comparison , are considered fake . The White House worked overtime to purge most of them after a September 2013 report found that more than half of his followers did n't really exist . Michelle Obama 's Twitter audience is 25 per cent fake , according to StatusPeople , along with 21 per cent of Vice President Joe Biden 's . Another tool , TwitterAudit.com , sampled 320,000 of Mrs. Clinton 's followers and found that 18 per cent were fake . The new measurements will add to the Clinton presidential campaign 's embarrassment following news on Tuesday that a large number of her Facebook fans may represent ` likes ' that were purchased rather than earned . REALLY ? Hillary Clinton 's Twitter follower-count appears to be significantly inflated . FACEBOOK FAKERY : Clinton boasts two-thirds of a million Facebook ` likes , ' but more than 46,000 of them list ` Baghdad ' as their hometown . Vocativ reported that at least 7 per cent of them listed Baghdad , Iraq as their hometown , a larger number than any U.S. city . That would represent more than 46,000 people . Additional evidence of digital astroturfing is that while most of her U.S. Facebook fans are older than 55 , most of the Baghdad contingent is in the 18-34 age range . While Clinton was America 's top diplomat , her State Department was buying Facebook ` likes , ' according to an Associated Press report from last year . ` In 2013 , the State Department , which has more than 400,000 likes and was recently most popular in Cairo , said it would stop buying Facebook fans after its inspector general criticized the agency for spending $ 630,000 to boost the numbers , ' the wire service reported . Clinton left the agency while the inspector general was investigating . ASTROTURF ? A woman cast as a kindly , gardening grandma in Clinton 's campaign launch video is actually a former abortion lobbyist who once helmed a campaign for Texas state Senator Wendy Davis . WHERE 'S SCOOBY ? Clinton 's caravan was spotted in Maumee , Ohio on Monday when she lunched at Chipotle , but no one recognized her . Facebook says it has entire teams of employees tasked with rooting out schemes to artificially boost statistics . ` When we catch fraudulent activity , we work to counter and prevent it -- including blocking accounts and removing fake likes , ' the company reports on its website . Clinton is in Monticello , Iowa on Tuesday for the first stop on her nascent presidential ` listening ' tour . She was driven from New York in a van that her campaign aides have dubbed ` Scooby , ' after the ` Mystery Machine ' van in the Scooby-Doo cartoon series . Daily Mail Online visited Kirkwood Community College on Monday , the site of the event , and heard from students that the former first lady is a ` control freak ' who may be pursuing legal status for illegal immigrants because the Democratic Party needs a new pool of loyal voters .