Three people were arrested for being drunk and disorderly on a Ryanair plane that was about to leave Britain for the Algarve . Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year-old man were removed from the plane just before it left Bristol for Faro around 7 pm yesterday -LRB- Thursday -RRB- . Chris Ware , head of security at Bristol Airport said : ` The Bristol Airport police team were requested by flight crew to attend a delayed departing flight to Faro . A Ryanair flight took off without three booked passengers bound for Faro yesterday after they were arrested for being drunk and disorderly . ` The airline requested the delayed passengers board the flight in anticipation of the air traffic slot time improving . ` Three passengers were removed from the aircraft and subsequently arrested . ` Abusive , aggressive or anti-social behaviour on board an aircraft or at the Airport will not be tolerated , the normal protocol of dealing with disruptive passengers was implemented . ` Unfortunately the actions of these individual passengers further delayed the aircraft 's departure . ' Airport Team Sergeant Mick Parminter added : ` We want everyone who travels through the airport to have a safe and enjoyable start to their trip . ` We would warn anyone travelling through the airport to know their limits . Passengers have a personal responsibility for their own behaviour . ` On average over half a million passengers travel through the airport every month without incident however we will not allow the behaviour of a few to spoil the enjoyment and travel plans for everyone else . ` Alcohol-related anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated . ' Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers ' actions caused further delays to the Ryanair flight . A spokesperson for Ryanair told MailOnline Travel : ` The crew of this flight from Bristol to Faro requested police assistance prior to departure after three customers became disruptive . Police removed and detained these individuals before the aircraft departed to Faro . ` We will not tolerate unruly or disruptive behaviour at any time and we sincerely apologised to other customers for any inconvenience caused . ` The safety and comfort of our customers , crew and aircraft is our number one priority . This is now a matter for local police . ' This latest incident comes only days after Ryanair took the unprecedented step of banning passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between Glasgow and the party island of Ibiza out of concerns for safety and comfort . The Dublin-based airline informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from Glasgow Prestwick Airport to the Spanish island that their alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin , and they risk being kicked off the flight if they do n't comply . In a statement to MailOnline Travel , a Ryanair spokesman said the airline made the decision after consultations with customers and airport officials . The spokesman said : ` Those who have purchased duty free alcohol will be asked to either place their purchases in their cabin baggage and into the hold at the boarding gate , or leave their purchases behind . ` The comfort and safety of our customers and crew is our number one priority and we will not tolerate unruly behaviour at any time . ' The spokesman declined to identify the incidents which sparked the ban or say what will happen to passengers caught trying to sneak alcohol on board .