A Chinese hospital is being painstakingly moved just eight metres a day on 1,000 metal rollers to prevent it from being demolished to make way for a new road . The building , which was built in the 1960s and belongs to Zheng Gong Hospital in Henan Province , was under threat of demolition as it is situated in the path of a road expansion project , reports People 's Daily Online . But hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and avoid paying for a new building - and employed a team of engineers to put ` wheels ' on the building . The two-storey brick hospital outpatient building in China is being rolled every day on giant metal ` wheels ' The large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and needs more than 1,000 wheels to ` roll ' it . Now , the two-storey hospital outpatient building in the city of Zhengzhou , in central China , is being slowly and carefully pushed just a few metres a day on the giant cylinder-shaped rollers . The engineers aim to ` push ' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new , designated spot , away from the demolition zone . The ` wheels ' the building is being moved on are large , cylinder-shaped metal rollers . The People 's Daily reports the large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily ` walk ' possible . One of the engineers working on the project secures the metal sheeting and rollers which are being used . It will take three days of careful and slow rolling to move the hospital building 17.5 m to its new , safe spot . While it should only take three days to move the building to its newly assigned spot , engineers say the preparation has taken over a month . The entire building was initially placed on metal plates , which then had the cylinder-shaped rollers wedged between them . The ambitious project is expected to be completed in the next couple of days . It is not the first time engineers in China have carried out such a move . In November 2013 a six-storey building in Shanghai which weighed 12,000 tonnes was moved 38 metres with the help of 18 lifting jacks . And according to the Guinness Book of Records the largest building to have ever been moved in this way is another Chinese achievement - in 2004 the Fu gang Building in Guangxi Province was moved 36 metres and took 11 days to complete . The building was 111 feet tall and weighed 15,140 tonnes . The building has been placed on metal plates which have cylinder-shaped rollers wedged between them .