The Catholic Church has been accused of blocking the appointment of the first ever homosexual ambassador to Vatican City . Laurent Stefanini , 55 , was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See . But the controversial appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' , according to the French media . The appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' by the Vatican -LRB- pictured -RRB- , according to French media . Le Monde newspaper reported that Mr Stefanini was a practising Catholic but his proposed move from head of protocol at the Elysee had ` not received the agreement of the Vatican 's administration ' . It added : ` The homosexuality of the appointee would have triggered a barrage against him . ' This is despite the fact that Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican , the smallest country in Europe , between 2001 and 2005 . Le Monde writes ironically that Mr Stefanini counted without the ` charitable souls in Paris and Rome who wanted to turn his sexual orientation into a disability ' and ` mobilised to derail his nomination ' . Laurent Stefanini , 55 , was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande -LRB- pictured -RRB- to represent their country at the Holy See . In July 2013 , Pope Francis seemed to speak out against centuries of anti-gay teaching by the Catholic Church , saying homosexuals should not be marginalised . Speaking on a flight back from Brazil to Italy , he reaffirmed the official position that homosexual acts were sinful , but homosexual orientation was not . ` If a person is gay and seeks God and has good will , who am I to judge ? ' said the Pope . The Vatican has not yet commented on the Mr Stefanini 's case , but sources close to President Hollande confirmed that other candidates were now being looked at for the prestigious job . Vatican City , home of the Holy See and headquarters of the global Catholic Church , covers 110 acres and has a population of 842 . France 's Council of Ministers approved Mr Stefanini 's appointment on January 5th , but the position remains vacant . The Archbishop of Paris , Cardinal Andre Vingt-Trois sent a letter to Pope Francis to support the French Government 's choice of ambassador . However , some members of the Roman Curia believed Mr Stefanini 's appointment was a provocation by the French Government . Gay marriage was legalised in France under the presidency of Mr Hollande , who is a father of four who has never wed , despite having numerous girlfriends . In July 2013 , Pope Francis seemed to speak out against centuries of anti-gay teaching by the Catholic Church .