Photographers have captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night . The meteor shower , visible around the world but best seen from Europe , has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour . And the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday , so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you did n't last night . Scroll down for video explanation . John Phelan took this picture , showing the Lyrid meteor at Porthcurno Beach in Cornwall in the early hours of this morning . Nick Watson , a semi-professional photographer from Newcastle , captured an amazing picture of the meteor over Lindisfarne Castle on Holy Island in Northumberland . He took his photo around 1 am BST this morning and incredibly managed to get the colourful Northern Lights in the picture too . ` It was an amazing display and I saw quite a few shooting stars . It was the first time I had seen the Lyrid meteor shower and I 'm really pleased to have got a shooting star on camera , ' said Nick . The Lyrids are so-called because they occur in the constellation Lyra . Amateur photographer and astronomer Stephen Cheatley also took a photo of the meteor at the Forest of Bowland in Lancashire . He spent around one-and-a-half hours watching the meteor and managed to get his incredible picture at around midnight . ` I was very lucky to capture that particular meteor as it was extremely bright , ' he said . John Phelan also took a series of meteor shots at Porthcurno Beach in Cornwall in the early hours of this morning as the sun was rising . This picture by Stephen Cheatley shows the Lyrid meteor at the Forest of Bowland in Lancashire on the early hours of 23 April . Photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night . Here a Lyrid meteor is seen by by Lindisfarne Castle on Holy Island in Northumberland , as captured by Nick Watson . He took his photo around 1 am this morning and incredibly managed to get the colourful Northern Lights in the picture too . Gemma Lavender , All About Space magazine : . ` The Lyrid meteor shower - while not as strong as the Quadrantids , which were visible earlier on in the year - are still a worthwhile meteor shower to watch especially since it can offer up a sudden burst in meteor rate . ` In general , the Lyrids usually peak at ten meteors per hour but one of these unpredictable bursts could mean that you 'll see anywhere up to 100 meteors per hour . ` These sudden bursts are fairly unpredictable , so you really need to wait and see if this shower will offer up any surprises this year ! ` The Lyrids are active through to 25 April , although activity would have weakened by then , but it is possible to catch stray meteors over the next few nights . ` Comet Thatcher -LRB- C/1861 G1 -RRB- is the source of the Lyrid meteors . ` Earth crosses the orbital path of the comet and bits of rock and ice that Thatcher sheds smash into our planet 's upper atmosphere at around 110,000 mph -LRB- 177,000 km/h -RRB- . ` Those `` shooting stars '' that you see are debris being vaporised . ' This picture by John Phelan shows the Lyrid meteor at Porthcurno Beach in Cornwall in the early hours of this morning . Another picture by John Phelan shows Lyrid meteors at Porthcurno Beach in Cornwall . The strength of the showers vary from year to year and most years there are no more than five to 20 meteors an hour . But in 1982 Americans counted nearly 100 an hour and in 1803 it was as high as 700 an hour . This year was particularly good for the Lyrids as the moon was a waxing crescent and was n't in the way . The Lyrids occur when Earth passes through debris left by Comet Thatcher , which orbits the solar system every 415 years . The meteors are sand-like particles and leave luminous streaks across the sky as they burn up in the atmosphere . They are most active in the night sky between April 16 and 25 , peaking this week . The meteor shower is visible around the world but best seen from Europe . Several meteors are visible here . This year was particularly good for the Lyrids as the moon was a waxing crescent and was n't in the way . Graeme Whipps captured this stunning picture of the Lyrid meteor shower above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire last night . ` I was out photographing the sky and saw the meteor , which was amazing , ' said Mr Whipps , 50 , who works as a meteorologist . Chris Burton , meteorologist with forecasting service The Weather Network , said : ` With high pressure dominating the weather this week , much of the -LSB- UK -RSB- has seen clear skies , providing perfect viewing conditions for the meteor shower . ' Dr Radmila Topalovic , an astronomer from the Royal Observatory , Greenwich in London , added : ` The best place to see the Lyrids is to find an open field where you can see the whole of the night sky . The best time is a few hours after midnight where you can expect to see most of the bright streaks in the early hours of the morning . ` Scan the sky over the course of the night as the meteors can pop out from any direction . '