Awaiting his execution in a six-by-eight foot death row cell , Christian Longo believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes . The father-of-three was sentenced to death for murdering his family , stuffing them in suitcases and dumping their bodies in coastal bays in Oregon in December 2001 to ` escape the shackles of domestic life ' . He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of Cancun , Mexico , where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter - before he was captured by the FBI , arrested and charged . Now a film about his life , True Story , starring James Franco and Jonah Hill , has been released , and the brutal killer has spoken out from behind bars . Scroll down for video . Christian Longo , who murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001 before going on an alcohol-fulled Mexican trip believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes . He is pictured during his defense testimony before he was sentenced to death . A film about his life starring Jonah Hill as former New York Times journalist Mike Finkel -LRB- left -RRB- has been released . The murderer is being played by James Franco -LRB- right -RRB- . Writing letters to People from Oregon State Penitentiary in Salem , he says guilt is a ` pervasive part of my daily existence , the reality that all my frequent nightmares are made from . ` But I realize I ca n't do anything about it now , except to try to live as positively as possible with a view that I do n't deserve the breaths I get to take ... I do n't feel that I can be redeemed . ` I believe that some actions are so terrible that nothing can ever atone for them . ' The case began to unravel when the body of Longo 's four-year-old son Zachary was discovered on December 19 , 2001 . A pillowcase filled with rocks had been tied to his leg . His sister Sadie , three , was found three days later . Then the remains of his wife , Mary Jane , 34 , and a third sibling Madison , two were retrieved on December 27 . The pair were found stuffed inside a suitcase weighted down by dumbbells . As soon as the bodies were found in coastal areas near the family 's condominium , Longo became the prime suspect . But he had disappeared south of the border and assumed the identity of Mike Finkel , a New York Times journalist who had been fired for inventing a character in a piece about the African slave trade . After snorkeling , swigging beer , hitting nightclubs and romancing a German woman he had met , he was spotted . His wife Mary Jane -LRB- top left -RRB- and his three children Zach , four -LRB- far right -RRB- , Sadie , three -LRB- center -RRB- , and two-year-old Madison were all killed , stuffed in bags or suitcases , weighed down and then thrown in rivers . Prosecutors say Longo -LRB- top right -RRB- killed his family to ` escape the shackles of domestic life ' Longo -LRB- left -RRB- is played by Franco in the movie which is based on the relationship he built with shamed New York Times journalist Mike Finkel - who fabricated a story . Plastic-covered photos of Mary Jane -LRB- left -RRB- , and her children sit on the dock at a makeshift memorial in Newport , Oregon . The FBI transferred him stateside , where he was arrested and charged with murder . He was found guilty after a month-long trial and sentenced to death . True Story is based by Finkel , who formed an unlikely friendship with Longo . What unfolds is a complex relationship as Finkel , played by Jonah Hill , meets Franco 's Longo , an Oregon man awaiting trial for brutally killing his wife and three children . The two men find common ground in writing but the dynamic wavers as each man struggles with his search for intellectual credibility . Finkel told People : ` The scariest thing about him is that there is nothing scary about him . ` He 's a witty , very intelligent guy , and I 'm still completely flummoxed by what drove him . I do n't believe in the death penalty , but I believe he belongs exactly where he is . He 's despicable to the core . ' In preparation for the film he dined with Jonah Hill in New York , but in a recent interview with his former employer , conducted after he had seen the film , Finkel claimed some of the scenes had been fabricated . He also visited the set once as Longo 's trial was being recreated , an experience he admitted was traumatic . Finkel told the Times : ` It brought back some very uncomfortable flashbacks . I never forget at the heart of this story is three murdered children and a murdered wife . That 's the nature of this material - it 's tragic , creepy and compelling . ' Longo travelled to Mexico and assumed the identity of shamed New York Times reporter Mike Finkel . After learning of the alias , Finkel travelled to Oregon State Penitentiary in Salem to meet the murderer . The film True Story is based on his experiences and the unlikely friendship he struck up . The journalist still keeps in contact with Longo on a regular basis . The prisoner calls him on the first Sunday of every month . ` There 's always this internal tug of war over whether I should pick up the phone or not , but I usually do , ' Finkel added . In January , Franco , who is playing the killer , said : ` He 's probably the worst person that I 've ever played , just because I have such a great family and there 's just something so horrible about killing your kids . So I have very little connection to him . ' To prepare , Franco watched tapes of Longo testifying at his 2003 trial , which he called ` chilling , ' but he opted not to visit the convicted killer currently on Death Row . ` There was no need to go and meet him , and I certainly did n't want to give him any attention or validation by doing that . ' From his cell is campaigning to donate his organs after he is executed in an attempt to repay society . In 2011 , he was denied a request to drop his appeals in exchange for being allowed to donate organs and donation officials have labelled the idea ` morally reprehensible ' . ` Why go out and waste your organs when you have the potential to go out and save six to 12 lives ? ' Longo said from his cell . A moratorium on executions has been in place in Oregon since 2011 . While Longo awaits his death sentence , he is locked in a cell for 21 hours a day . Silk flowers and a sign saying ` Pray for Justice ' adorn the Highway 34 bridge on the edge of Alsea Bay in Waldport , Oregon , in a picture taken in October 2002 .