A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge on Saturday morning , and one person was later arrested in connection with the grisly discovery , authorities said . The duffel bag was found shortly before 8 am near a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc. and a block from a police station , Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan said . Video surveillance of the area led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area , authorities said . Scroll down for video . Police investigated the scene after human remains were discovered at about 8 am on Saturday near a biotechnology company 's building in Cambridge , Massachusetts . All of the remains are believed to belong to one person , whose death is being treated as a homicide , Ryan said . She announced at an evening news conference that a person had been arrested in the case but provided no details . The name of the victim also was not released . Ryan said the person under arrest would be arraigned Monday in Cambridge District Court on charges of being an accessory after the crime of assault and battery and improper disposal of human remains . Authorities stopped short of saying whether they believed the person arrested was the killer . During a news conference police announced that a person has been arrested in the case but no details have been released . Surveillance footage led police to this pictured apartment building , where more human remains - believed to belong to the same victim - were found in a common area . ` We do n't think there 's a threat to the community at this point in time , ' Cambridge Police Commissioner Robert Haas said . The neighborhood where the duffel bag was found includes Kendall Square near the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard Square . The Biogen building was cordoned off with caution tape Saturday morning as investigators examined the bag . A spokesman for Biogen referred all inquiries to police . The chief assured residents of the apartment building that they were safe and said officers would remain there for the rest of the evening . Residents who left the building were allowed to re-enter only after showing proof they lived there ; officers would then escort them to their apartments .