Blackpool striker Nile Ranger has accused the club of ` taking the mick ' out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract that it left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food . The former Newcastle forward has not featured for the Seasiders since the end of November after making 14 appearances for the club in the first months of the season . has been AWOL since December . Ranger has been AWOL since returning to London after being left out of the squad to face Birmingham in early December , and the controversial striker has spoken for the first time about his struggles at Blackpool . Former Newcastle striker Nile Ranger joined Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal . Ranger has been AWOL since early in December and says the club took the mick with his contract . ` I 'm not on a lot of money there to be honest , they really took the mick , ' Ranger was quoted as saying in the Blackpool Gazette . ` They put me on minimum wage and pay as you play . ` I was supposed to go to Leeds but it fell through so I went to Blackpool as a platform and just took whatever deal . I was n't getting in squads and I was asking how am I supposed to fill my fridge if I 'm not playing ? ' ` I thought I should have been playing . People who do n't know the situation will be thinking , `` oh , he 's AWOL again '' . ` There are certain situations going on which no-one knows about . It just did n't work out . With the manager and stuff things just were n't clicking . Ranger spent four years at Newcastle between 2009-2013 but his time was littered with disciplinary incidents . Ranger arrives at court to be sentenced after being charged with common assault in 2013 . ` The manager is a good guy and things and everyone was nice but it was just the way they handled the deal , it was a bit off . ' The 24-year-old 's career has been littered with numerous disciplinary issues that has seen his two previous clubs Swindon and Newcastle terminate his contract . But Ranger wants to start a fresh next season after his one-year deal with Blackpool ends in the summer . ` I want to start a fresh again next season , ' he said . ` There will be plenty of opportunities for me , people think my chances have run out . But there will be plenty of things for me in the future . '