Football in Turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on Fenerbahce 's team bus on Saturday . Meanwhile , a Turkish official says police have detained two people suspected of involvement in the attack . Trabzon Governor Abdil Celil Oz said the two suspects were detained early on Tuesday and that one of them is believed to have followed the convoy while the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus . The decision to suspend football in Turkey affects both next weekend 's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals , although Besiktas ' match against Istanbul Basaksehir , the last of this weekend 's Super Lig matches , is scheduled to go ahead on Monday evening . Fenerbahce 's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor , which Fener won 5-1 , in Turkey 's Super Lig . Five round marks can be seen on the windscreen of the Fenerbahce team bus after the attack . The window nearest the driver was smashed during the attack on Saturday night . The injured driver , with blood seeping from a head wound , seeks help after the attack . Fenerbahce on Sunday demanded that football be suspended until the incident was dealt with and the perpetrators punished , and on Monday a one-week suspension was announced by the Turkish Football Federation -LRB- TFF -RRB- following a meeting with sports minister Akif Cagatay Kilic . ` This was a cowardly and treacherous attack , ' Kilic said in comments on the TFF website . He added : ` I think it 's important to make this response . This was an attack not just on Fenerbahce , but an attack on Turkish sport and Turkish football . I believe we will stand as one against it . ' Kilic also wished a speedy recovery to the bus driver , named as Ufuk Kiran , who was injured in the attack . The club had posted several pictures of the bus on their website after the attack which showed a shattered side window and damage to the front windscreen . The pictures also showed blood on the driver 's seat and the steering wheel . The attack followed Fener 's 5-1 win away to Rizespor . The bus was going over a viaduct on its way from the city of Rize to the airport in Trabzon to return to Istanbul when the incident occurred . Fenerbahce had temporarily gone top of the league with Saturday 's win , although Galatasaray returned to the summit on Sunday by beating Karabukspor 4-2 , and they sit two points clear with eight matches remaining . Ashen-faced head coach Ismail Kartal surveys the damage to the team bus . Players and coaching staff survey the damage after the attack near the city of Trabzon . Local TV footage reportedly showed the damage to the team bus and a hole in the steering wheel .