A British grandmother on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine has accepted that she will be next to face the firing squad . And Lindsay Sandiford has told a friend : ` I just want to get it over with . ' The 58-year-old broke down in tears last night when she learned that her close friend -- Australian drugs gang leader Andrew Chan -- is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on Indonesia 's ` Execution Island ' , Nusa Kambangan . Scroll down for video . Lindsay Sandiford , pictured , believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , who is on death row , has told friends she ` wants to get it over with ' Chan 's brother Michael told Sandiford in a text message sent last night that the execution has been scheduled for Tuesday evening . Indonesia has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of 2015 -- and Sandiford expects to be in the next batch . She told a friend yesterday she was ` utterly heartbroken ' at the news about Chan . ` If they kill someone as good as Andrew , what hope is there for me ? ' she said . ` I just want to get it over with . I feel like just giving up . ' Sandiford says Chan -- who was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine heroin smuggling plot -- helped her cope in jail after she was given her death penalty two years ago . They became friends inside Bali 's Kerobokan prison . Chan has written at least three times to her since being transferred in March to Nusa Kambangan for execution alongside fellow Bali Nine drugs gang member Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , who is also Australian . Chan -- who turned to Christianity and was ordained in prison earlier this year -- told Sandiford shortly before his transfer to Execution Island that he was reconciled to his fate . He said : ` I 'm not afraid to die but I am afraid of dying . I 'm scared of the bullets and I 'm scared it wo n't be a quick death . ' Her friend Andrew Chan , pictured , is expected to be put to death on Kerobokan prison on Tuesday . Sandiford was arrested trying to smuggle an estimated £ 1.6 million worth of cocaine from Bankok into Bali . She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . In his handwritten letters to Sandiford , Chan jokes about the quality of the food , and describes a meal of butter chicken and naan bread as his ` last supper ' . He urges Sandiford , who used to tease him about his religious fervour , to ` keep reading your Bible ' and writes : ` You 'll find great comfort in the words , as God will speak to you directly . ' His last letter ends with the message : ` You have a place within my heart , my friend . Be blessed . Much love and prayers , Andrew . ' In the text , Michael Chan said he hoped his brother would be remembered as ` Andrew the pastor , not the kingpin ' . Sandiford told her friend : ` I really admire Andrew . He 's been an incredible help to me and he would be there for anyone who genuinely needed help inside the prison . ` The heart of the prison has gone since they left . They organised rehabilitation projects . If it was n't for them , we would n't have running water on the blocks , or the classes in painting , cookery and computers . ' Sandiford , from Cheltenham , admitted smuggling cocaine worth £ 1.6 million from Bangkok to Bali in 2012 , but claims she was coerced into the crime by a syndicate that threatened her sons . She took part in a police sting that led to the arrest of the syndicate 's leaders . She was sentenced to die despite a prosecution recommendation that she serve 17 years . The syndicate 's alleged leader , former Brighton antiques dealer Julian Ponder , 44 , was jailed for six years . Sandiford has been refused funding for an appeal against her sentence by the British Government and has rejected consular assistance , in part because of a romance between Ponder and the British Vice-Consul to Bali , Alys Harahap , that led to Harahap 's suspension . A website and Facebook page launched in Sandiford 's name to fund a retrial had by yesterday raised only around £ 700 towards the tens of thousands of pounds needed for a legal challenge to go ahead .