Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $ 2 million hospital in Western Australia reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit . The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital , in southwest Perth , were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources . However , according to health authorities , the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty . The latest potential developments at the hospital follow recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments . The $ 2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments . The West Australian was told junior doctors were moved to ` maximise training opportunities ' by a state committee that organises both accreditation and training for the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists . The hospital went on ` baby bypass ' when the maternity unit opened four months ago , due to an unexpectedly high number of women giving birth . The hospital consequently had to direct expectant mothers to other hospitals . This week the RANZCOG told the West Australian that the obstetrics unit , which opened on December 2 last year , was approved for training in March . Michael Gannon , president of the Australian Medical Association WA , told the West Australian he knew of issues surrounding the recently opened obstetrics unit . He said concerns of the unit 's services were similar to others at the hospital , due to planning issues from years ago . The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February . Earlier in the week , it was revealed that the hospital 's medical service provider Serco failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February . The company was fined $ 60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff , but the hospital was reportedly operating with poorly sanitised instruments , reported the ABC . Australian Medical Association WA president Michael Gannon noted recent reports that some instruments contained blood and human matter . ` There 's been reports of bits of bone on some orthopaedic equipment , there 's been reports , that are really hard to believe , of blood still being seen on some instruments , ' he said . ` So this gives us great concern . ' . Dr Gannon said the latest revelations will further damage the hospital 's public image and likely cause a loss of morale within its workforce . ` I ca n't imagine how people must feel if they 've got surgery booked at the hospital at some stage , ' he said .