A Japanese woman has become the latest holidaymaker to face criminal charges in Italy for defacing a historic landmark . The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral . She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning , but it did not leave any permanent damage , Italian newspaper La Nazione reported . Officials said the tourist used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and the day 's date on the cathedral 's dome . Staff from Museo dell ' Operate del Duomo , a museum which houses artefacts from the cathedral , alerted police , who located the woman and charged her through an interpreter . Completed in 1436 , the cathedral is the fourth largest cathedral in the world and one of the most popular tourist attractions in Tuscany . Now a Unesco World Heritage Site , its famous Renaissance dome was designed by architect Filippo Brunelleschi and added in the 15th century . It 's the second time in four weeks that Italian police have charged a holidaymaker for defacing one of the country 's top landmarks . Italian media said the make-up pencil did not leave any permanent marks , but the woman was charged . In March two American tourists were arrested for carving their initials into the Colosseum in Rome . The women , aged 21 and 25 , carved a ` J' and ` N ' into a brick wall at the Unesco World Heritage Site and then posed for a selfie . Other visitors saw what had happened and alerted security , with police charging the pair with ` aggravated damage on a building of historical and artistic interest ' , according to reports . With millions of visitors every year , Florence has had its fair share of problems with misbehaving tourists in recent years . Last year an American holidaymaker was caught peeing in Piazza Santa Croce , a historic square , just a few months before two visitors were spotted having sex against a wall near Palazzo Vecchio , the town hall , according to The Local . In 2013 , an American tourist upset locals when he accidentally snapped the finger off a 600-year-old statue of the Virgin Mary at Museo dell ` Opera del Duomo -LRB- Museum of the Works of the Cathedral -RRB- . The 55-year-old man , from New Fairfield , Connecticut , was attempting to compare his finger to that one the statue when the digit broke off .