Jailed bigamist Andrew O'Clee , 36 , may have been on the prowl for wife number three after a dating profile matching his description was discovered , pictured outside Chichester Crown Court . A bigamist caught out when his wife discovered on Facebook that he had secretly married his mistress may have been searching the internet for wife number three , it emerged yesterday . A web profile apparently matching that of ` shameless liar ' Andrew O'Clee , 36 , has been spotted on a dating site , where he claimed to be ` looking for a relationship ' . O'Clee led a double life , duping his first wife , Michelle , 39 , into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a ` safe house ' because he was involved in a serious fraud trial . In reality , the former soldier was living a double life , romancing finance manager Philippa Campbell , 30 , who he eventually married in a lavish wedding . His first wife uncovered his deception when she came across a Facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge -- where people are filmed being drenched in cold water for charity . The post led her to photos of his second wedding , which she then reported to police . Michelle , who has been friends with singer Myleene Klass since the pair appeared in a production of Miss Saigon together in 1999 , is currently seeking a divorce from O'Clee . She refused to comment yesterday , but friends said she felt ` well and truly betrayed ' by her husband . And yesterday it emerged that the cheat may even have been looking for more women to romance after a dating profile for an ` andrewoclee ' was uncovered on the Plenty of Fish website . Although it is unclear when the profile -- which no longer includes a picture -- was created , it matches his age and lists the user as living in London , where O'Clee and Michelle rented a flat . The profile , which no longer has a picture , describes a blue-eyed ` adventurer ' who is ` looking for a relationship ' O'Clee -LRB- middle -RRB- was jailed for eight months after his first wife Michelle -LRB- pictured left -RRB- exposed him as a cheat who was also married to Philippa Campbell -LRB- right -RRB- . Mysteriously the profile , which also matches O'Clee 's 6ft 3in height and describes a blue-eyed ` adventurer ' who is ` looking for a relationship ' , claims he has never had a relationship that lasted longer than a year . O'Clee , of Chiddingfold , Surrey , was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy on Tuesday . A judge , sitting at Chichester Crown Court , told business services provider O'Clee that he had created an ` absurd lie ' which had been ` a selfish act ' . Michelle , who married O'Clee in 2008 , told the court she felt ` stupid ' and ` naive ' but had not doubted her husband . She even failed to worry when he turned up five hours late for the birth of their daughter , Amelia . By then he was already dating Miss Campbell , who he married in August 2013 at St John the Baptist church in Kirdford , West Sussex , near their detached £ 575,000 home . She has vowed to stay with him . He started the affair with Philippa -LRB- pictured together -RRB- after claiming his first marriage had ended after he caught shopworker Michelle being unfaithful .