Stranded residents of last week 's devastating floods , who were unable to cross the water to attend an Anzac Day memorial service , were thrilled after a cornet player treated them to a rendition of the Last Post from the water 's edge . Maitland local Karen Newton , a teacher and former professional musician , had just finished playing at the Kurri Kurri dawn service and was on her way to Gillieston Heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods . When she got to the water 's edge at Testers Hollow , Ms Newton plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle call once again , across the water to the isolated residents in a goosebump-inducing moment . Scroll down for video . Maitland local Karen Newton -LRB- pictured -RRB- performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights . As the sun rose over the water , Ms Newton could be seen facing five stranded residents , who had come out to pay their respects to the fallen Anzacs in their own unplanned service . Cassandra Winter , who filmed the video and posted it online , said that Ms Newton 's act is what Anzac Day is all about . The video , which has over 5,000 views on Facebook , beautifully captures the dawn Anzac Day experience . ` After attending the dawn service at Kurri Kurri , I drove toward Testers Hollow , as I could see it was going to be a beautiful and rare sunrise , ' Ms Winter told Daily Mail Australia . ` I decided to capture the sunrise in pictures . As we waited , Karen Newton arrived , -LRB- I 'm guessing for the same reason -RRB- she saw it as a great opportunity to play the bugle over the waters edge . ` It was serene , with the bird life abundant , a peaceful , calm , unhurried moment with the sound of the Last Post drifting along the water to what seemed an endless lake . ' Another Facebook user shared the video and commented that the floods would never dampen the community spirit of the people of Gillieston Heights . ` The flood could n't stop Gillieston Heights paying our respects ! Thank you to all who have made today 's services happen out here ! Lest we forget , ' the user said . The residents were separated from the town by massive flood water and were holding their own unplanned service . The moment was all the more poignant and emotional as the residents of the isolated town remembered Gillieston Heights woman Anne Jarmain , who lost her life in the floods last week . The body of Ms Jarmain , 86 , was found at 7 pm on Wednesday - 10 hours after her car was swept away by raging flood water as she tried to cross Cessnock Road in the NSW Hunter Region . The elderly great-grandmother had just popped out for milk after two days without power and dwindling food supplies . Ms Jarmain was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled Falcon before 9 am on Wednesday . Ms Newton faced the five residents who had come out to see the sun rising on Anzac Day and remembered flood victim Anne Jarmain . Around ten people immediately ran into the water , with four people stripping off and swimming frantically through the icy , fast-moving water . The state 's worst storms in a decade ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas last week with four deaths in the Hunter region . More bad weather is expected later this week , with up to 90 mm of rain expected between Friday and Saturday . Cassandra Winter said the bugle music at dawn was a special moment due to all the devastation that the town had suffered in the last week . ` After the week that had been , with the tragedy of a local woman 's death , due to the floods , it was a fitting tribute for the local women , also to SES volunteers , emergency workers and civilians who had worked together tirelessly throughout the region , ' Ms Winter told Daily Mail Australia . Ms Jarmain , 86 , lost her life when her car was washed away by flood water as she popped to the shops to get milk . Ms Winter said the town is ` slowly getting back to normal following the floods . ` The process has been lengthy , the people of Gillieston Heights at this time are still stranded along with a few other communities in the Hunter , the people are working together and life is slowly getting back to normal , ' she said . She said she is surprised at the response the video has received online and revealed that it has brought many of her friends to tears . ` The amount of people commenting how it had brought them to tears , and wanting to share the video then made me realise people need to see this , she said . ` I 'm thankful for the experience , it has captured the true nature of the Australian spirit . ' Speaking to the Newcastle Herald , bugle player Ms Newton said she thought of the soldiers who died in Gallipoli and Ms Jarmain as she played the moving song . ` It was a very sobering and sombre experience , ' she said . ` I 've just been blown away -LSB- by the response -RSB- . '