The family of murdered Australian baseball player Chris Lane broke down in court as they listened to an emergency call revealing the distressing final moments of his life . The 22-year-old , from Melbourne , was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in August 2013 , when he was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun . His parents , Donna and Peter Lane listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 emergency phone call made by Oklahoma resident who witnessed their son collapsed on the side of the road . Chancey Luna , 17 , was charged with first-degree murder . The teen was riding in a Ford Focus with two teenage friends when he allegedly pulled the trigger as the vehicle drove past . Scroll down for video . Family and friends , along with his then girlfriend Sarah Harper -LRB- right -RRB- broke down as they listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 emergency call made by witnesses who tried to save Chris Lane 's -LRB- left -RRB- life . Joy Smith : He 's turning blue . 9-11 dispatch : Is he talking to you right now ? Joy Smith : No he 's -LSB- gasping noise -RSB- , that 's all he 's doing , making that noise . 9-11 : All right , you just stay on the line with me , OK ? Joy Smith : If you do n't hurry , he 's gone . 9-11 : Ma'am , they 're coming OK , I ca n't make them come any faster . Joy Smith : Oh my gosh how long 's it going to be ? He 's stopped breathing . Mr Lane , who was on a baseball scholarship with Oklahoma 's East Central University , was visiting his girlfriend in Duncan when he was randomly gunned down . Family and friends , including Mr Lane 's former girlfriend Sarah Harper , heard details about how two bystanders tried to resuscitate the young man who had stopped breathing and wept during the proceedings at the Duncan 's District Court on Wednesday . Members of the family broke into loud , uncontrolled sobs when authorities showed the white baseball cap Lane wore when he was shot and photographs of the bullet wound taken in a hospital morgue . Linda Prior cried as she told court how she attempted to shut Lane 's ` big brown eyes ' but was n't able to after failing to resuscitate him . ` The big brown eyes were just staring at me , ' Ms Prior , who has first aid training and performed CPR , told the court . The parents of slain Australian baseballer Chris Lane , Donna -LRB- right -RRB- and Peter , leaving Duncan District Court . Duncan woman Joy Smith -LRB- right -RRB- leaves court after she told court how she saw Mr Lane stumble and fall on the road . Smith 's 911 phone call was played in court . Chancey Luna has been charged with first-degree murder after allegedly shooting Mr Lane in the back . Luna , a Duncan high school student , showed no emotion during the 911 recording and Ms Prior 's evidence . Another local , Richard Rhoades , who also tried to help Lane , said he took off his shirt to place it over Lane 's face when they realised he was dead . ` I just thought it would be nice to close his eyes , ' he said . Luna 's lawyer , Jim Berry , made a shock admission in court on Tuesday that his client had fired the bullet that killed Lane but added the teen was ` reckless ' and was only trying to ` scare the jogger ' . The lawyer told the jury that for Luna to be found guilty of first degree murder , the prosecution would have to prove beyond reasonable doubt the murder was premeditated . Prosecutors said Luna internationally pulled the trigger . The trial continues . Donna Lane , mother of shot Australian baseball player Chris Lane , holds a framed Christmas card he and his girlfriend Sarah Harper had sent her on an earlier , happy festive season . Lane -LRB- left and right -RRB- , 22 , from Melbourne , was shot in the back on August 16 , 2013 , in what police said was a random killing as he ran along a road in Duncan , southern Oklahoma , where he was on a sporting scholarship . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .