Rafael Nadal 's bid for a ninth Barcelona Open title ended in third-round defeat as Italian Fabio Fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4 , 7-6 -LRB- 8-6 -RRB- to move into the quarter-finals . Second-seed Nadal had easily seen off Nicolas Almagro in the previous round but found himself in trouble against Fognini , who had won in three sets in their previous meeting on the clay of Rio earlier this year . And on the same surface in front of Nadal 's home crowd , it was Fognini who took the opening set 6-4 after a crucial break in the latter stages , though the second set was to prove an even tighter affair . Rafael Nadal was dumped out of the Barcelona Open after losing to Italian Fabio Fognini in the third round . In front of a home crowd , the world No 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court . Fognini was able to save six break points in the opening game before conceding it to Nadal , though neither player really dominated even as the Spaniard went 4-2 up . After Fognini first fought back to 4-4 , the set eventually went to a tie-break with Nadal this time having to work his way back from facing match point at 6-3 to level up . Nadal showed his resolve late on but it was Fognini who eventually won through 8-6 , with his opponent missing a relatively routine forehand . It was Fognini 's first win in his six Barcelona appearances but he will now face Pablo Andujar , who also caused an upset in coming through 6-3 , 6-4 against fifth-seed Feliciano Lopez . Nadal , who was denied his 20th win of the season , cut an extremely disappointed figure after his defeat , going so far as terming it ` a disaster ' . In quotes published on the Barcelona Open website , the world No 4 said : ` My game was mundane . I did n't have enough power , speed and control in my forehand . I did n't manage to push Fognini back . Fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4 , 7-6 -LRB- 8-6 -RRB- to move into the quarter-finals of the Barcelona Open . ` Fabio played better and he deserved to win . I did not deserve to win . That 's why I will accept the upcoming challenges . I will work hard until I get back to my best . But it will be a while . ` It 's a very sad day for me . This tournament means a lot to me , it 's one of the best ATP 500 events on the tour and I feel at home . ' Defending champion Kei Nishikori had little trouble going past Santiago Giraldo in straight sets , the 6-2 , 6-1 win coming in just under 90 minutes . Nishikori , who had beaten Giraldo to win the crown last year , survived several break points to ensure a match-up against Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain . Spaniard Nadal has just one title to his name since winning his 10th French Open in June last year . Fognini -LRB- pictued -RRB- goes on to face Pablo Andujar , who also caused an upset against fifth seed Feliciano Lopez . Argentina 's Pablo Cuevas made a good fist of his third-round match against Bautista Agut , even stretching the first set to a tie-break , but the seventh seed eventually won 7-6 , -LRB- 7-5 -RRB- 6-2 . David Ferrer continued the home presence in the tournament as he fended off Swedish wildcard Elias Ymer 6-3 , 6-4 to set up a clash with Philipp Kohlschreiber who beat Benoit Paire 6-4 , 7-6 -LRB- 8-6 -RRB- . Martin Klizan levelled up his head-to-head record at 1-1 against Victor Estrella Burgos after beating him 6-4 , 6-3 to progress to the quarter-finals . He faces the winner of an all-home encounter involving Tommy Robredo and Marcel Granollers .