Malcolm Brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine . When award-winning BBC foreign correspondent Malcolm Brabant walked into a clinic one afternoon to have a yellow fever vaccine , he was warned the possible side-effects could be dizzy spells and a headache . Yet within 24 hours of having the jab , in April 2011 , Malcolm had been reduced to a sweating , shivering wreck , gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down . Then the psychosis began . A shooting star , glimpsed from the balcony of his home , convinced Malcolm - who had no previous history of mental illness - that he was a modern-day Messiah . ` I went completely bonkers , ' he says today . ` The vaccine fried my brain . ' Malcolm , 59 , who had the jab in preparation for an assignment in the Ivory Coast , believed his Kindle could fly , that dead friends were contacting him and that he could stop traffic just by thinking about it . He spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions , unable to work - and even attempted suicide . Fortunately , he has since made a full recovery . But Malcolm believes the yellow fever vaccine - available in High Street vaccination clinics , GP surgeries and even Boots - could have dangerous side-effects that affect more people than previously thought . Since its invention in 1951 , more than 540 million doses of the vaccine have been given . Anyone travelling to parts of Africa or South America is advised to have it . Yellow fever is a serious viral infection spread by mosquito bites . Symptoms include fever , chills , loss of appetite and nausea . While many people recover after five or six days , 15 per cent enter a second , toxic phase , with recurring fever , abdominal pain , and jaundice due to liver damage . They may also start vomiting blood . This toxic phase is fatal in about 20 per cent of cases . Clearly a dangerous illness , there is no doubt vaccination can be life-saving . But Malcolm and others who say they have been adversely affected by the jab want the manufacturer to investigate . Malcolm , who for many years was the Beeb 's man in Greece , had the jab in a clinic in Athens , where his family was living . Next morning , his new wife Trine , found him downstairs , shivering and sweating , his face beetroot red . ` I was beside myself with worry , ' says Trine , 55 , an author and journalist . ` It was n't just the fever but the change in character . He became irrational , then emotional - crying . ' When his fever showed no signs of relenting after five days , Trine took Malcolm to hospital . The doctors , who also discovered through blood tests that Malcolm had suffered recent liver damage , told him they believed he 'd had an adverse reaction to the vaccine . He believes the yellow fever vaccine could have dangerous side-effects . They managed to lower his temperature . But his mental problems were only just beginning . Formerly agnostic , Malcolm became convinced he was Jesus , and two weeks after being admitted to hospital he was moved to a mental hospital and given anti-psychotic medication . It was a harrowing time for Trine . ` One day I visited him in hospital and he stripped off his clothes and asked me to turn the sheet into a nappy and put it on him so everyone could see he was Jesus , ' she says . ` Doctors had told me not to upset him , just to do what he asked , so I did it . It was heartbreaking . ' After three weeks , Malcolm was discharged in May 2011 , and seemed to be recovering , so went back to work . But within weeks he deteriorated again . Malcolm developed full-blown psychosis , and over the following months moved between psychiatric hospitals in different countries - in the UK , Greece , and eventually with money running out , in Trine 's native Copenhagen . On one occasion he attempted to take his own life . Happily , Malcolm was well enough to be discharged from hospital in July 2012 and has since made a full recovery . He is now pursuing the manufacturers of the vaccine , Sanofi Pasteur , to admit liability for what happened to him . As Trine explains : ` Every doctor we dealt with said they thought he 'd suffered an adverse reaction to the vaccine . Since May 2011 I have been back to Sanofi Pasteur many times , but they are refusing to do anything or even meet us . ' Malcolm is not the only person who believes they have had an adverse reaction to the drug . He is in touch with 12 others who believe they , too , have suffered grave side-effects . The NHS says that up to three in ten people who are immunised with the yellow fever vaccine suffer a mild headache , muscle aches , mild fever or soreness at the injection site - and that these symptoms occur because your immune system is trying to fight the small dose of yellow fever you have been injected with . These symptoms may last for up to 14 days after the injection . It 's thought that far fewer people , four in a million , suffer more serious psychotic or neurological reactions , mainly unconnected to the symptoms of yellow fever itself . One of those is former Royal Naval Commander Graham Beard , who is convinced the jab , which he had in July 1999 , ruined his health . He still suffers bizarre attacks , with loss of vision , hearing impairment , vertigo and headaches -LRB- posed by model -RRB- . A fortnight after being given the injection , Graham , now 56 , experienced terrible pains down his left side . He spent three weeks in Watford General Hospital and another three in the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery in Queens Square , London . ` No diagnosis was made , except that I had suffered a major neurological illness , ' says Graham , a father-of-two from Wales . After three months at home convalescing , Graham - who had also been unable to move - finally got movement back in his limbs and the pain disappeared . But then began a series of debilitating attacks which continue to this day . ` While now controlled by epilepsy medication , I still suffer bizarre attacks , with loss of vision , hearing impairment , vertigo and headaches , which occur sometimes daily or with gaps of several days or weeks , ' he says . ` The most I have ever had is 19 in a single day . The stress and exhaustion from these attacks essentially stopped my career . I managed to hang on for ten years , but by 2010 , after 32 years in the Navy , I realised I was n't being fair on the team . ` Having struggled to accommodate the condition , while taking a staggering succession of medications and having constant tests , it finally beat me and I had to walk away from the career I loved . ' Graham always mentioned to specialists that his symptoms seemed to have begun after he had the yellow fever jab and , consequently , he has been advised by medical professionals it 's likely that a vaccine caused the problem . But it was only after hearing about other cases such as Malcolm 's that he decided to speak out . ` Surely the company that makes the vaccine has a moral duty to review it to see if it should be modified or replaced , ' says Graham . As long ago as 2005 , Dr Thomas Monath , a former Harvard public health professor and world expert on yellow fever , confirmed that the vaccine can cause ` really severe and significant adverse events ' . He told Good Health : ` While we should not overlook the 60 years of wide use of yellow fever vaccine , with a remarkable record of safety and effective prevention of this terrible disease , rare and unusual adverse events temporally associated with vaccination may occur . Some of these , such as the neuropsychiatric syndromes described in Mr Brabant 's case , may not be acknowledged as causally related in the official literature . ' The manufacturer , however , does not believe it needs to reassess the vaccine . In 2013 Dr Ronald Neeleman , head of vaccination innovation at Sanofi Pasteur , admitted to a conference that the vaccine had n't been reviewed in many years , saying it serves ` a small market , with very low returns , and there is not really an incentive to redevelop ' . A spokesman told Good Health that the company takes reports of adverse events ` very seriously ' and ensures they are investigated promptly , but ` after carefully examining all the medical information that has been disclosed to us up to April 2013 , we have been unable to establish any evidence for a causal relationship between the administration of the yellow fever vaccine Stamaril and Mr Brabant 's reported medical condition . ` The current state of scientific knowledge does not support that these reported symptoms could be biologically plausibly linked to the natural history of the disease , nor the mode of action of the vaccine . ` Similarly , the observation of an event after vaccination does not automatically mean that vaccination has caused this event . ' Malcolm , who has written a book , Malcolm Is A Little Unwell , wo n't be satisfied until the experiences of people like him are acknowledged in official literature about the vaccine and he has been offered compensation . ` The vaccine almost destroyed me , ' Malcolm says . ` I want justice for my family , and the hundreds of others whose lives have been ruined . '