The US body that regulates Internet addresses is looking to crack down on a Canadian company using the new ' . sucks ' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as Kevin Spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations . So far , purchased names include Youtube.sucks , Bing.sucks , Visa.sucks , Bankofamerica.sucks , Yahoo.sucks , Telusmobility.sucks and other major brand names . Kevin Spacey has reportedly paid have his his ' . sucks ' domain taken down . Kevin Spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the ' . sucks ' domains which opened on 30 March . Taylor Swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from ' . porn ' and ' . adult ' domains attacking her , CNBC reported . The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , or ` ICANN , ' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada 's Office of Consumer Affairs to see if the actions of company Vox Populi Registry Ltd. were illegal . ICANN initially approved of the so-called top-level domain name , among nearly 600 it has added recently to expand beyond common names such as '.com , ' '.org ' and ' . us . ' But it is backtracking after an advisory panel made up of industry groups and companies like Microsoft , Verizon and eBay complained last month . Vox Populi began accepting registrations using ' . sucks ' on March 30 from trademark holders and celebrities before it is released to public applicants . Taylor Swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from ' . porn ' and ' . adult ' domains . It has recommended charging $ 2,499 a year for the privilege , and according to Vox Populi CEO John Berard , most of the names have been sold by resellers for around $ 2,000 a year . Berard has said the domain name is meant to create destinations for companies to interact with their critics and called his company 's business ` well within the lines of ICANN rules and the law . ' Two weeks ago , the advisory body called the Intellectual Property Constituency representing major companies and industry groups asked ICANN in a letter to halt the rollout of ' . sucks , ' calling it a ` shakedown scheme ' and ` predatory . ' Companies like GoDaddy.com register some domain names for just $ 1 a year , and Vox Populi will offer consumers the right to secure a ' . sucks ' address for just $ 10 a year starting in September . The advisory body says that the threat of opening a ' . sucks ' site to the average consumer later is ` an essential element of Vox Populi 's coercive scheme . ' ICANN said in its letter that if Canadian or U.S. regulators find Vox Populi 's actions are illegal , it could declare the company in breach of its contract and seek to change the registry 's behavior . It said it is also seeking other remedies within its agreement with the company . The advisory body says that the threat of opening a ' . sucks ' site to the average consumer later is ` an essential element of Vox Populi 's coercive scheme .