A video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe , the Jungfrau . The time lapse footage speeds along the 9 km long electrified track , which leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively . Opening in a tunnel built into a Swiss mountain , the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers . Turning a corner , the train moves at a slow and steady pace -- the track barely visible from under the snow . Two people quickly cross the track in front of the train as it begins picking up speed and passes alongside a ledge that looks down on chalets below . The video then shows the train beginning its descent of the mountain , passing very close to a number of skiers who make their own way to the bottom of the slope . The video opens inside a tunnel build into the Swiss mountain as the train makes its way along the 9 km long electrified track . Turning right the train enters another tunnel and plunges back into darkness before re-emerging next to even more skiers . Suddenly the train begins travelling even faster as the banks of snow rise up higher alongside it . Like a bobsleigh the train hurtles down the track as the settlement at the bottom of the mountain slowly comes into view . The train emerges into the light and passes very close to a number of skiers who make their own way to the bottom of the slope . The train turns right to enter another tunnel and plunges back into darkness before re-emerging next to even more skiers . Skiers on the distant mountain look like ants as the train begins slowing once more and the size of the banks decrease . A number of people can be seen crossing the track ahead as the train pulls into the station . The video concludes with the train finally arriving and making a controlled stop . The video concludes with the train picking up speed and hurtling down the track like a bobsleigh before arriving at the station . The Jungfrau railway runs almost entirely within the Jungfrau Tunnel , built into the Eiger and Mönch mountains , and contains a total of five stations . The track was opened in 1912 , 16 years after construction began in 1896 . Today more than 800,000 people visit the attraction every year .