Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam was left with mixed emotions after scoring the best goal of his career only to end up a loser at Stamford Bridge . Adam netted one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history as he lobbed Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half-time . That levelled the scores up at 1-1 , but Adam 's wonder strike would end up counting for nothing as Chelsea snatched a second-half winner to leave Stoke nursing a third successive league loss . Charlie Adam -LRB- centre -RRB- lets fly from inside his own half as he scores one of the goals of his career at Chelsea . Thibaut Courtois watches on as he is unable to stop Adam 's shot from hitting the back of the net for 1-1 . Stoke ended up losing 2-1 at Stamford Bridge as Loic Remy -LRB- left -RRB- scored the winner for Chelsea . And while Adam was understandably proud of his ` incredible ' goal , the Scotland international admits the main thing for him is how the team get on and he was quick to turn his focus to next weekend 's clash with West Ham . Asked if it was the greatest goal of his career , Adam said on Stoke Player : ` Of course . It 's an incredible strike , it 's a nice goal to score but the important thing for us is winning the game . ` It 's three on the bounce we 've lost now , which is bad , but hopefully we can improve on that next week against West Ham . ` On an individual level it 's great , but on a team performance it was ok and there 's a lot that we can improve on for next week . ' Adam -LRB- second left -RRB- admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but losing the game . Stoke manager Mark Hughes has seen his side lose in their last three Premier League encounters . West Ham are currently ninth in the standings , one spot ahead of Stoke , but both teams have 42 points . Adam added : ` It 's going to be a tough game . They 're in and around us as well . If we can win that will keep us in the top 10 , a few points ahead of them and hopefully we can do that with two homes games to come . '