A giant lamb born weighing the same as a toddler is thought to be the biggest ever birthed in the UK . The animal , aptly named Hagrid after the fictional giant in Harry Potter , was born on Tuesday at three times the size of its peers . Dwarfing other newborns on the farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire where he was born , Hagrid 's owners believe he may be the biggest ever lamb born in the UK at 25 lbs . Scroll down for video . Hagrid the lamb -LRB- right -RRB- is thought to be the biggest ever born in the UK , measuring 14inches tall and weighing 25 lbs . The animal towers over his peers at the farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire where he was born . The creature was born naturally on Tuesday and his mother is in remarkably good condition following the birth . Standing proudly at 14inches tall , the Suffolk Cross towers over his peers some five inches below . Despite his remarkable size the lamb was born naturally and his mother is making a good recovery . ` I could n't believe my eyes - he was enormous . ` It presented all correctly with two feet and his head and I just needed to help him out . For such a massive lamb , a natural birth like that is pretty remarkable . ' Despite Hagrid 's shocking size , his mother has recovered from the birth and both are healthy . ` He is doing well . He is up on his feet and suckling and doing good , as is his mum . Thankfully she did n't suffer , ' added Mr Elkington . Hagrid 's owners said his mother had always birthed large lambs but that they had never seen one of his size . Chris Elkington and his wife Louise , who have 130 breeding Ewes on their farm , believe Hagrid is the largest lamb ever born in the UK . While normal lambs are born at around 10inches tall , Hagrid stands almost five inches taller and weighs significantly more . ` She had been a rather big ewe all year and when I got her in the shed I said to my wife we were going to have a massive lamb - but not quite that big . ` It was like lifting a small child out of her . We are very pleased . ` I have been farming for a long time - about 15 years - and never seen anything like this at all . It 's incredible . ' The previous record for the largest lamb in the UK was held by one called Joan born at 24 lbs . In March this year another , called The Big One , was born at 2oz heavier in Wales . Delivered five days early on a farm in Denbigh , the animal was three times heavier than the average newborn lamb .