Iran has forbidden its citizens from travelling to Saudia Arabia 's holy sites over claims two teenaged boys were abused by Saudi airport officials while returning from a pilgrimage . Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March . The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers , particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen . Iranian protesters demonstrate against Saudi-led strikes in Yemen outside the Saudi Arabian Embassy in Tehran . Muslims undertaking the umrah in Mecca - the pilgrimage which is not obligatory in Islam can be taken at any time during the year . Sunni Saudi Arabia has led the bombing campaign against Yemeni Shiite rebels , the Houthis , much to the anger of Iran . Iran , a Shiite nation , is backing the rebel group . Iran 's Foreign Ministry has said the two boys , aged 14 and 15 , were abused by airport security after they were separated from other passengers for body searches , Russia Today reported . Iraninan Culture Ministry spokesman Hossein Nooshabadi told the state TV that the pilgrimage would be suspended until the Saudi government ` applies a strong attitude ' to the case . He also said ` capital punishment ' should apply to the case , without offering further details . The alleged abuse , the details of which have not been publicly disclosed , sparked unauthorized protests at the Saudi Embassy in Tehran on Saturday . Public anger has grown over the incident , with President Hassan Rouhani ordering an investigation and Iran 's Foreign Ministry summoning a Saudi diplomat for an explanation . However there has been confusion over what exactly happened . Yesterday , a representative of Iran 's top leader on pilgrimages to Saudi Arabia downplayed the case , saying the pilgrims were n't abused . ` In the incident , no abuse has happened and the two policemen who attempted abuse were identified and detained by Saudi police , ' Ali Ghaziasgar was quoted as saying . Iranians burn Israeli and US flags : The shiite nation opposes Saudi Arabia 's alliance with the United States . The alleged abuse to the two teenagers comes amid increasing tensions between the two regional powers . Some 500,000 Iranians visit Saudi Arabia each year for the off-season umrah pilgrimage to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's holiest sites . The umrah differs from the annual Muslim hajj pilgrimage as it can be undertaken at any time of the year . Saudi officials have n't commented publicly on the dispute . Earlier this month , aviation authorities in the kingdom turned away an Iranian plane carrying pilgrims , saying it did not have permission to use the country 's airspace , Saudi state media reported . On Monday hundreds of students staged a demonstration against the Saudi government outside its embassy in Tehran . On Monday , hundreds of students staged another demonstration in front of the Saudi embassy in Tehran , protesting the air strike campaign in Yemen . Relations between Shiite Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia are hostile at the best of times . Iran has insisted in the past that its pilgrims be allowed to hold ` disavowal of infidels ' ceremonies -- rallies denouncing Israel and Saudi ally the United States - when on pilgrimages . Saudi Arabia bans such demonstrations at hajj and in 1987 , one such rally led to clashes with Saudi security forces in which more than 400 pilgrims , mostly Iranians , were killed . Iran prevented pilgrims from attending hajj for three years after the killings . Relations between the two countries , Shiite Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia , are hostile at the best of times .