The creator of the best-selling Alex Rider spy novels has accused fellow children 's author David Walliams of dumbing-down fiction and failing to ` challenge ' young readers . Anthony Horowitz said books by the comedian -- who was the UK 's top-selling children 's author last year -- are ` witty and entertaining ' but nowhere near ambitious enough . The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Walliams ' Gangsta Granny for criticism , as well as the Diary Of A Wimpy Kid books by author Jeff Kinney . Scroll down for video . Author Anthony Horowitz -LRB- pictured right -RRB- said books by comedian David Walliams -LRB- left -RRB- -- who was the UK 's top-selling children 's author last year -- are ` witty and entertaining ' but nowhere near ambitious enough . He insisted that such writers should challenge their young readers and not be ` afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas ' . He suggested they should follow the example of authors such as John Green and ` write up for children , not down to them ' . Green 's book , The Fault In Our Stars , tells the story of two teenagers who fall in love while they are both dying of cancer , and was the top-selling title of 2014 , with more than 870,000 copies sold . Horowitz , who is also the principal writer on the ITV period detective drama Foyle 's War , singled out Gangsta Granny , with its breaking-wind jokes and a character who perpetuates the myth that children ` automatically dislike reading ' . Writing in the Times Educational Supplement , he said he was troubled that children 's books ` seem to have come full circle ' . Walliams made over £ 7million in 2014 from book sales including The Boy in the Dress and Demon Dentist . He added : ` To some extent , narrative fiction was reinvented by JK Rowling -- it 's hard to believe that children were n't challenged by books that stretched to 760 pages -- and a phalanx of writers crested on her success : Michael Morpurgo , Philip Pullman , Jacqueline Wilson , Malorie Blackman , Eoin Colfer , Darren Shan ... and me . ` Today it is Jeff Kinney and David Walliams who top the bestseller lists , with books that are witty and entertaining but nowhere near as ambitious . ' He added : ` Speaking personally , I was a little sad when , in Walliams ' Gangsta Granny , we were told that among the old woman 's vices , which included dribbling and farting : `` Her house was stuffed full of books and she was always trying to get Ben to read them , even though he loathed reading '' . ' Horowitz said ` the idea that children automatically dislike reading or that books belong to a more fusty , ancient generation is patently absurd ' . His Alex Rider books , the first of which was published in 2000 , have been ` brightly re-jacketed ' , and are ` as popular as ever ' . They have sold 19million copies in 30 different languages , he pointed out . Horowitz said : ` Quite recently , I addressed an audience of largely unpublished writers in New York and I stand by the advice that I gave them . ` Write up for children , not down to them . We do n't need to be afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas . The audience is there . ' Walliams last year made more than £ 7million from book sales . The 43-year-old Britain 's Got Talent judge had four books in last year 's top 50 bestsellers list . His latest book , Awful Auntie , sold more than 500,000 copies last year . The success of his books , which also include Ratburger and Billionaire Boy , has also been boosted by television adaptations , such as The Boy in the Dress , which starred Walliams , Meera Syal and Jennifer Saunders , and was shown on the BBC at Christmas .