The thermometer reading Mario Balotelli shared on social media to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night will make no difference to Brendan Rodgers . Liverpool 's manager had already gone cold on the Italian , concluding some time ago that he has no future at Anfield . Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about Balotelli . He knew Jose Mourinho considered him ` unmanageable ' and he listened to the anecdotal evidence he received from the members of his staff who had encountered the troublesome striker during their time at Manchester City . But Rodgers rather hoped Balotelli might be maturing with age , and he made the mistake of thinking he could succeed where others had failed in actually getting through to him . Mario Balotelli has no future at Liverpool after manager Brendan Rodgers lost patience with the striker . Rodgers will admit he ignored the warning signs but had hoped Balotelli was maturing as he got older . Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn . Liverpool 's manager was desperate too , of course . Attempts to recruit other strikers , in particular Alexis Sanchez , had proved unsuccessful last summer and he was concerned that Rickie Lambert would not provide ample cover in a Champions League season if Daniel Sturridge suffered further injury problems . He was right to worry about Sturridge 's physical fragility but wrong , he would probably now concede , to spend £ 16million on Balotelli . For three hours in his office at Melwood he attempted to lessen the risk before asking his employers to part with the money . He spoke both to Balotelli and his agent , explaining what was expected of every Liverpool player and sharing his philosophy on the power of the collective . Over the years his C.O.R.E principles speech -- Commitment . Ownership . Responsibilities . Excellence -- had worked with players . He would use a flip-chart to deliver his lecture on the standards he demands and , for the most part , players had responded accordingly . But not Balotelli . Not the player who already had a reputation for having no respect for authority , for his considerable talent or for the clubs he represents . Liverpool missed out on Alexis Sanchez last summer and instead paid £ 16m to sign Balotelli from AC Milan . Balotelli has endured a torrid time at Anfield and has managed to score just once in the Premier League . Rodgers is saddened by the fact Italy international Balotelli appears to have no respect for Liverpool . Crystal Palace -LRB- A -RRB- Lost 3-1 , November 23 , 2014 Reason : Hamstring and groin injuries . Ludogorets -LRB- A -RRB- Drew 2-2 , November 26 , 2014 Reason : Hamstring and groin injuries . Stoke -LRB- H -RRB- Won 1-0 , November 29 , 2014 Reason : Hamstring and groin injuries . Leicester -LRB- A -RRB- Won 1-3 , December 2 , 2014 Reason : Hamstring and groin injuries . Sunderland -LRB- H -RRB- Drew 0-0 , December 6 , 2014 Reason : Hamstring and groin injuries . Basle -LRB- H -RRB- Drew 1-1 , December 9 , 2014 Reason : Hamstring and groin injuries . Bournemouth -LRB- A -RRB- Won 3-1 , December 17 , 2014 Reason : Groin injury . Arsenal -LRB- H -RRB- Drew 2-2 , December 21 , 2014 Reason : One-match ban . Leicester -LRB- H -RRB- Drew 2-2 , January 1 , 2015 Reason : Not selected . Aston Villa -LRB- A -RRB- Won 2-0 , January 17 , 2015 Reason : Illness . Chelsea -LRB- H -RRB- Drew 1-1 , Januray 20 , 2015 Reason : Illness . Bolton -LRB- H -RRB- Drew 0-0 , January 24 , 2015 Reason : Not selected . West Ham -LRB- H -RRB- Won 2-0 , January 31 , 2015 Reason : Not selected . Bolton -LRB- A -RRB- Won 2-1 , February 4 , 2015 Reason : Not selected . Everton -LRB- A -RRB- Drew 0-0 , February 7 , 2015 Reason : Not selected . Swansea -LRB- A -RRB- Won 1-0 , March 16 , 2015 Reason : Illness . Arsenal -LRB- A -RRB- Lost 4-1 , April 4 , 2015 Reason : Knee injury . Blackburn -LRB- A -RRB- Won 1-0 , April 8 , 2015 Reason : Illness . Rodgers is saddened by the fact that Balotelli appears to have no respect for Liverpool , and no apparent willingness to even follow the simplest instructions . In Sturridge 's absence Rodgers told Balotelli he needed a striker who would ` press ' at the point of Liverpool 's attack ; who would play high up the field and in so doing set the pattern of Liverpool 's play . Balotelli , much to his manager 's frustration , just would n't do it , in the misguided belief that he knew better . On the training field there have been similar issues ; a situation that has offended team-mates who do buy into Rodgers ' methods and want to build on the success they enjoyed last season . So there will be no second chance for Balotelli at Liverpool next season ; no opportunity to redeem himself . Rodgers is continuing to use him when absolutely necessary but he is at the very top of a list of players he will be putting up for sale this summer . He has to get him out and put what money he can recover for him to better use , if only to improve morale in a dressing room that probably lost patience with the guy before even he did . Liverpool players are offended Balotelli has not followed simple instructions from his manager this season .