Alexis Sanchez is developing a fondness for Wembley Stadium . Two goals for Chile against England were followed by two goals in the FA Cup semi-final against Reading . It is a stage that suits him and Arsenal will expect even more when they return for the FA Cup final next month . ` Let us hope he keeps that up and scores twice in the final , ' said Santi Cazorla . ` We are happy for him . He is a key player for us , in a good moment . ' Alexis Sanchez celebrates as his goals take Arsenal into the 2015 FA Cup Final . The Gunners forward wheels away after opening the scoring in the 2-1 defeat of Reading on Saturday . Sanchez slides to his knees as he keeps his impressive scoring record at Wembley going . After an explosive start to his first season in England , including a burst of 14 goals in 18 games , Sanchez has emerged from a more subdued mid-season with three strikes in his last three matches . The extra-time winner on Saturday , however , owed almost everything to a dreadful goalkeeping error by Adam Federici . Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year with Chelsea 's Eden Hazard the hot favourite , but it may be the most impressive debut campaign from an overseas signing since Gianfranco Zola . Like Zola , who arrived at Chelsea in 1996-97 , Sanchez can end his first season with an FA Cup win and Arsene Wenger will stress the marginal gains if Arsenal can claim second in the Barclays Premier League for the first time in a decade . The Chile international struck his second goal to save Arsenal in extra-time . Arsenal team-mates congratulate Sanchez as they head into a second successive FA Cup Final . Sanchez 's second goal owed a lot to a mistake by Reading keeper Adam Federici . If so , the Chilean signed for £ 32million from Barcelona last summer has been largely responsible . He has been fabulous to watch , loyal to the traditions of Wenger 's flamboyant attacking style with bottomless reserves of energy and a contagious desire . He has 22 goals and there are signs of a good chemistry developing with Mesut Ozil since the German 's return from injury in January . They combined for the first at Wembley . Wenger has admitted for weeks that he would like to give Sanchez a breather but his influence has been so vital -- and the race for Champions League places so tight -- that the manager has found it difficult . And Sanchez just keeps going . His season started with 45 minutes in the FA Community Shield , his Arsenal debut , on August 10 and will stretch through to the Copa America in his home country . The 26-year-old also scored a brace at Wembley in Chile 's 2-0 defeat of England in November 2013 . Sanchez celebrates his second goal against England before his move to the Premier League from Barcelona . He has played eight internationals since the World Cup , starting in seven , with six of them on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean . ` Of course , we are all tired and so is he , ' said Cazorla . ` He has the Copa America , too , but he just wants to play all of the time . Now , we have to rest and finish the season with the objectives we had at the start . ' Sunday will be a test of Arsenal 's progress . Can they stall Chelsea 's title charge ? Has Wenger made enough improvements to halt his terrible run of results against Jose Mourinho teams ? ` We have to show we are now on a consistent level and it is a good opportunity to do that next Sunday , ' said Wenger . ` Let 's finish this season well . We have six games , a big game next weekend and I believe we have the spirit , which is encouraged by the results . ` We have learned from our hiccups . We have matured a little bit . When we had a difficult moment against Reading the team kept going . We do n't feel sorry for ourselves . We just keep to our plan . ' Per Mertesacker was forced off with an ankle problem but most of Wenger 's injury worries are clearing . ` The Cup final is better than any doctor , ' quipped the Arsenal boss . Arsene Wenger 's side host league leaders Chelsea at the Emirates in their next match . Jack Wilshere -LRB- centre -RRB- was among the substitutes on Saturday as he continues his recovery . Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker was forced off the Wembley pitch with an ankle injury . Jack Wilshere was back in the squad , an unused substitute at Wembley after five months out , and Mathieu Debuchy played for the first time since dislocating his shoulder in January . In contrast to Sanchez , it has been a miserable first season at Arsenal for Debuchy , with operations on an ankle and a shoulder each ruling him out for three months . But the France defender is back and his next task will be a duel with Hazard . ` I am so happy , it is so important to be back on the pitch with the team , ' said Debuchy . ` It was hard for me after the second surgery but I am strong in my head . I need to work hard . I am not 100 per cent but I need to be ready . '