To mark the point at which Manchester United 's season really began to turn around , you have to go back further than the win against Tottenham last month . The truth is that a dark , cold night at Preston North End in mid-February is more significant . United were poor that night in the FA Cup at Deepdale , coming from behind to win . That , however , was the night Wayne Rooney was restored to a centre-forward position , the night Louis van Gaal finally began to realise the best place from which his best player and captain should lead was from the front . Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front . The 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season and United had struggled . Now , manager Louis van Gaal -LRB- left -RRB- looks set to unleash an in-form Rooney on Manchester City on Sunday . United actually lost their next game at Swansea but have subsequently won their next five in the league , with Rooney scoring four times . Incredibly , given the pattern of this season , they head into Sunday 's derby game with Manchester City as slight favourites . Prior to that night in Lancashire , Rooney was on the verge of knocking on his manager 's door to ask for an explanation about his deployment in the centre of midfield . It seemed as though Van Gaal was about to experience his first very real problem at Old Trafford . Whether he sniffed something in the air , we will never know . But Van Gaal performed a sharp volte face at just the right time and Rooney has gone on to become the most significant figure in United 's return to relevance . At Old Trafford , just as he has since Cristiano Ronaldo left for Real Madrid almost six years ago , Rooney represents the most serious threat to City 's prospects . Prior to the win over Tottenham , Rooney stood before his team-mates in Manchester 's Lowry Hotel and delivered an impassioned call to arms . He is once more the central figure at his club , in more ways than one . ` I think some people mix up scoring goals with form , ' said Van Gaal yesterday . ` For us Wayne is very important as a player , as a captain and because he can score goals . But he can do that from midfield , too . The last goal he scored -- against Aston Villa -- came when he was playing in midfield . ' Van Gaal 's mid-season deployment of Rooney in midfield remains a sensitive subject . No coach likes to admit he may have been wrong . All that matters now , though , is the 29-year-old 's current trajectory , which is undoubtedly upwards . His name is written right through recent derby history of course . He is the fixture 's record goalscorer and the scorer of one of its most spectacular goals , that remarkable overhead kick back in 2011 that some City supporters , rather oddly , still maintain came off his shin . Previously there had been the transfer saga of autumn 2010 . Courted heavily by City as he prevaricated over a new United contract , Rooney most definitely had his head turned . To this day , rumours persist of meetings in an underground car park at the Etihad Stadium -- that one has always seemed a little fanciful -- and promises of a salary in excess of £ 300,000 per week . Rooney scores his side 's second goal during United 's 3-1 Premier League victory over Aston Villa . What we do know is that there was a point when City and their manager Roberto Mancini thought the transfer was about to happen . So , too , did many United fans . ` Join City and You 're Dead ' warned graffiti on a city-centre poster carrying his image at the time . Had it done so then these fixtures would probably never have been the same again . As it is , derby day now finds Rooney even more fired up and motivated than ever . City have won the last four and one only has to scroll through the tapes to watch the England centre forward 's body language , especially during last season 's 4-1 reverse at the Etihad , to see exactly how that has gone down . Rooney may be a Liverpudlian but he understands the City rivalry better than most at his club . In Stretford , Rooney has the opportunity to ease United clear of Manuel Pellegrini 's team . When asked yesterday if he has a leader of the United captain 's ilk in his squad the City manager was less than convincing . ` Every squad has different kinds of personalities , different players , ' said Pellegrini . ` All of them have different options to motivate in different ways . ` I do n't think it 's good to analyse the personality of our captain . In a squad you must have not just one leader , not just the captain . ' City captain Vincent Kompany has been struggling with a hamstring injury but is expected to play against United , albeit with discomfort . He has admitted Rooney 's volley of 2011 stayed with him for some time and it 's little wonder . It remains a stand-out memory of recent fixtures and Rooney now finds himself in the perfect position to contribute some more . Rooney scores a sublime over-head kick during the Manchester derby at Old Trafford back in 2011 . Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany is expected to play in Sunday 's derby , albeit in some discomfort .