This is the moment Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD cops in a late-night incident that saw an Indiana Pacers player stabbed . Footage taken outside a nightclub in Chelsea , New York , appears to show Sefolosha being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers . Moments later , the video - shared by TMZ - shows his teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs . It happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club . Video shows the moment Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD cops . Video also shows Sefolosha 's Atlanta Hawks teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs . Thabo Sefolosha -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Pero Antić were both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene . The newly released footage shows Pero Antić -LRB- pictured leaving a courthouse in New York -RRB- already sitting on the curb before police grab 6ft 7ins Sefolosha . Both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene . They were charged with obstructing governmental administration . The newly released footage shows Pero Antić already sitting on the curb before police grab 6ft 7ins Sefolosha , wrestle him to the ground and then lead him away . Both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them . They said : ` As members of the Atlanta Hawks , we hold ourselves to a high standard and take our roles as professionals very seriously . ` We will contest these charges and look forward to communicating the facts of the situation at the appropriate time . ' Sefolosha 's attorney , Alex Spiro , said the forward was injured during the arrest . The arrests happened as police were trying to investigate the stabbing of Indiana Pacers star Chris Copeland . Copeland , a former player for the New York Knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday . He is currently in a stable condition while 22-year-old Shezoy Bleary has been accused of attacking the 31-year-old and two women with a switchblade . Injured : Chris Copeland , a player for the Indiana Pacers , and his wife , Katrine Saltara , pictured , were both stabbed following an argument outside a New York City club early on Wednesday . Arraigned : Bleary was taken to his arraignment by NYPD . He 's seen here in front of the New York State Supreme Court on Wednesday . Allegations : Shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4 am . Yesterday , it was reported that Bleary was seen leaving New York City 's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Copeland was undergoing surgery for his injuries . An argument in the early hours outside the 1 OAK nightclub had escalated into violence at around 4 am . Copeland 's wife Katrine Saltara , 28 , was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation . Copeland and Saltara were reportedly arguing on the street as the attacker eavesdropped and then started to interfere . When Copeland told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a switchblade and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . Injured : Video by a passerby shows Copeland and his wife on the ground before they were taken to hospital . Scene : The couple were stabbed by a man who interrupted them as they argued outside 1OAK in Chelsea . Bloody scene : After Copeland reportedly told the man to back off , he allegedly pulled out a knife and stabbed them . Blood-splattered : A nearby car , which belongs to Copeland , has streaks of blood across it after the alleged attack . ` They were engaged in a verbal dispute in front of the location , ' said Officer Sophia Mason , an NYPD spokeswoman . ` The males engaged in a confrontation , and that 's when the 22-year-old male stabbed the 31-year-old male , ' Mason said . He then turned on Saltara , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm , sources told the New York Post . Another woman , Catherine Somani , 23 , was also stabbed in the abdomen as she apparently tried to break up the fight , WABC reported . She was believed to be the suspect 's girlfriend . Probe : NYPD officers search for evidence outside the nightclub in Chelsea in New York City . The couple , pictured , were rushed to Bellevue hospital where they are in stable condition . Loved up : The couple are seen in a picture taken after their engagement in September 2013 . Copeland and his wife were both listed in stable condition at Bellevue Hospital , while Somani was rushed to Lenox Hill Hospital . Their injuries are not thought to be life threatening . CBS reported that Copeland underwent surgery on Wednesday morning . ` We are aware that Chris Copeland was injured early this morning in New York City , ' Indiana Pacers President Larry Bird said in a statement to DailyMail.com on Wednesday . ` We are still gathering information and will update when we know more . Our thoughts are with Chris and those injured . ' The team confirmed that he had suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen . Cuffed : Pero Antic , who plays for the Atlanta Hawks , was arrested for failing to clear the scene for police and he is seen being escorted out of the 10th Precinct of the NYPD on Wednesday . Arrested : Atlanta Hawks ' players Thabo Sefolosha , left , and Pero Antić , right , were arrested for allegedly failing to leave the scene when police arrived . All three players were in the city for games on Wednesday . On the court : Copeland previously played for the New York Knicks -LRB- pictured in 2013 -RRB- . He was in New York to take on the team on Wednesday night but was undergoing surgery on Wednesday morning for his wounds . The fight broke out down the street from 1OAK , a popular Chelsea club where celebrities including Leonardo DiCaprio , Justin Bieber , Miley Cyrus and Lindsay Lohan have been spotted partying . The couple is believed to have only been inside the club briefly . The Hawks and Pacers were both in New York for basketball games . Copeland , who is from New Jersey , was supposed to play his former team , the New York Knicks , at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . He previously played 56 games for the team in his 2012-2013 rookie season . Both Pacers and Knicks fans flocked to social media to wish him a speedy recovery on Wednesday . ` Hope that you and your wife have a speedy recovery , ' one fan wrote . ` Once a knick always a knick . ' The Hawks will take on the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center , but it is not yet clear if the two arrested players will be available to play . ` We are aware of the situation involving Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha this morning , ' Hawks spokesperson Garin Narain told DailyMail.com on Wednesday . ` We are in the process of gathering more information and will have further comment at the appropriate time . '