An engaged couple have joined forces and lost a combined weight of 11st in time for their big day after the bride-to-be was bullied about her size . Holly Beard , 24 , and her fiance Steve Hancock , 27 , from Adderley Green , Staffordshire , tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in January last year . But Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat . Scroll down for video . Holly Beard and Steve Hancock reached a combined weight of 41st after moving in together . Before she could tuck in , a member of the public shouted at her : ` She does n't need a cake - look at the size of her . ' Holly , who has since left her job , was left mortified and crying in the toilet after being humiliated in front of her colleagues last April . After vowing to lose weight for her wedding day this May , she joined Weight Watchers in June last year . She has since gone from 17st 8 lb to a slim 11st 9 lb in just nine months . Steve also began to shed the pounds after joining Holly on her diet plan and switching his meals to align with hers . The warehouse manager lost 5st and going from 23st 7 lb to a healthier 18st 7 lb since June last year . But after Holly received cruel taunts in her workplace the couple went on a joint diet losing 11st between them . Holly , who lives with Steve says that before she started her diet she would eat without thinking . ` I was getting comfortable with Steve after we moved in together and I did n't realise how to look after myself properly . ` It was just eating too much of everything , too many potatoes , too much lasagne and a pudding after even when I was n't hungry . ' But after her embarrassing incident at work Holly knew that something had to be done . ` In April last year the boss had brought a cake for everybody as a treat that day . ` He gave us the cake and there was a patient standing next to me who shouted : `` She does n't need a cake - look at the size of her . '' ` It was awful . I cried in the toilets and cried the rest of the day . When other people lost weight , I would find myself defending my own weight . It was a horrible way to live . ` When I went to have a wedding dress fitted in June last year it was a size 22 . I decided to join Weight Watchers that month and have n't looked back since . ' The dramatic weight loss has also seen Holly slim down from a size 22 to a ten to 12 which has proven to be a nightmare for her wedding dress fitter . Holly went from 17st 8 lb to a slim 11st 9 lb in just nine months after joining Weight Watchers . ` I 've had to have my dress fitted every two months because I am down to a size ten to 12 now . ` She has only just started making the dress and I have n't even seen it . I am giving the poor woman a heart attack . ' Holly says that her new size will come as a shock when she gets married , especially guests who live far away . ` I lived in Scotland for half my life so there are so many people who have n't seen me this small . It will be a shock for them when I walk down the aisle . ' As well as her health improving , Holly says that her confidence has seen a complete turnaround . ` I would never go out without make-up before . Now I do n't even care what I wear because I know I look good on the outside , and I also feel good in myself . ` I 'm always going to be curvy , but if Kim Kardashian can be curvy and slim , so can I. ` The best thing has been taking the journey with my future husband . Steve has done so well and I do n't want people to forget that we 've been through it together . ' Steve says that he would never have reached his new weight without the help of his fiancé . He said : ` I 'm a typical man and I ca n't cook . Steve has gone from 23st 7 lb to a healthier 18st 7 lb since June last year . ` Holly cooks all my food and I could n't have lost the weight without her . She is a different woman now . ` It 's crazy how much we 've both changed , and I 'm so glad we did it before the wedding . It feels like a fresh start . ' The couple halved the size of their portions and ate from smaller plates in order to lose weight for their big day . They also cut out carb-heavy lunches and dinners , instead eating healthier salads and well-balanced meals . The pair now plan to tie the knot in front of 40 friends and family at the Three Horseshoes Inn in Blackshaw Moor , Staffordshire on May 21 . Holly 's mother Pat visits her daughter - who now works as a weight loss consultant for Weight Watchers - every three months and has been stunned by the dramatic weight loss . She said : ` The support Holly and Steve have given each other has been incredible . The wedding gave them both something great to aim for . I 'm just so proud . ` They have both been very enthusiastic and such an inspiration . They never looked back . I always thought my daughter looked nice , even before . ` Now she looks absolutely fantastic . '