Chelsea moved to the brink of winning the title with a 1-0 win over Manchester United on Saturday , but Jose Mourinho says the race is not over yet . Eden Hazard scored the only goal at Stamford Bridge to move the league leaders within two wins of being crowned champions . John Terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time , with his team clear in the knowledge that they are almost there in the hunt for a first title in five years . John Terry leads the Chelsea celebrations after Saturday 's victory against Manchester United . Wins in their next two games against Arsenal at the Emirates and against Leicester City would wrap up the Barclays Premier League crown with room to spare . But Mourinho shot down any talk of celebration and has said he will not allow his players to believe they have crossed the finish line until the maths say so . ` In football is not about if it 's not about almost , it 's about mathematics , ' Mourinho said . ` When mathematically it 's done , we celebrate . Until that moment we need two victories to be champions . ` We need to win matches . What we can say is that we play nine points at home . We can be champions just at home with the matches we play at home . Obviously if we can get points away , it 's better . ` I am too old on this . I think I will be ready to work again next week and to make the players feel that there is still a long way to go . ' Chelsea need just two more wins to clinch the championship . Chelsea were forced to defend on the edge of their own penalty area for much of the game as United took the initiative with 70 per cent of the possession . Centre back Kurt Zouma was paired with Nemanja Matic in midfield as Mourinho sought to stop Louis van Gaal 's side who have been in rampant form of late . The Portuguese coach had nothing but praise for his entire team for the way they fought to keep the visitors at bay . Manager Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do . ` The team was fantastic , ' he said . ` I 'm the one that knows how fantastic it was . The game was exactly what we want . When we manage to play the game we want to play , the game was fantastic . ` Eden had that magic that the top ones have , especially in big matches . Obviously it was fundamental for us , but I think -LRB- Gary -RRB- Cahill made an amazing block on a -LRB- Radamel -RRB- Falcao shot . JT was amazing . The keeper was great . ` -LRB- Cesar -RRB- Azpilicueta was , for me , the best player on the pitch . -LRB- Nemanja -RRB- Matic worked like an animal . -LRB- Kurt -RRB- Zouma put -LRB- Marouane -RRB- Fellaini outside the game . The number 11 -LRB- Didier Drogba -RRB- was another animal fighting against two kids with age to be his son . ` Oscar worked fantastically well , Ramires came in and gave what we need , even -LRB- John Obi -RRB- Mikel came in and he holds the ball . And Willian was in bed for two days and comes here directly from his house and put himself available to give a little help . It 's fantastic . '