One of Argentina 's top referees is under investigation and faces a possible ban after overturning a red card and penalty decision based on a television replay . Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield after Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area and showed the Arsenal man his second booking of the game . However , the decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor and informed Delfino via his earpiece . One of Argentina 's top referees faces a ban after overturning a decision based on a television replay . Arsenal 's Daniel Valencia is dismissed by German Delfino after appearing to handle the ball in the area . Linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor and informed Delfino . Delfino overturned the decision - to the annoyance of Velez who lost out on a penalty and a man advantage . Despite the correct decision being awarded by the referee - replays showed striker Mariano Pavone was the handball offender and the frontman was subsequently booked - Velez were left fuming after the penalty was overturned and Valencia was allowed to return to the field . Video technology is not allowed in Argentine football and , after a melee ensued on the pitch involving players and coaching staff , Velez manager Miguel Angel Russo said : ` Delfino has every right to change his decision . But by his own decision , not off the television . ` The Fifa rules are very clear , they do n't accept technology ... If cameras are to exist then let them be used for everyone . ' Velez captain Fabian Cubero gave an on-pitch interview during the game and said : ` You ca n't change it . What are the rules ? ' Arsenal 's Valencia was allowed to return to the field while Velez striker Mariano Pavone was shown a yellow . Velez players and coaching staff protest at referee Delfino after his decision to overturn the decision . Velez manager Miguel Angel Russo said : ` Delfino has every right to change his decision . But by his own decision , not off the television ' Velez captain Fabian Cubero gave an on-pitch interview and said : ` You ca n't change it . What are the rules ? ' Meanwhile , referee Delfino accepted the decision was sloppy and admitted : ` The procedure was horrible . It ca n't happen like this . ` You 've got to be strong . I changed the decision because of my colleague , we are a team . ` If it was handball by Pavone then I 'm happy that there was justice ... but it was sloppy and I 'm responsible . ' After his initial reprieve , Arsenal 's Valencia picked up another booking and was dismissed deep into injury time as Velez went on to claim a 2-1 victory .