Swansea manager Garry Monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on Everton 's season - but he is determined to stop his former manager Roberto Martinez profiting at his old Liberty Stadium stomping ground on Saturday . Martinez was lauded by Everton fans last season as the club qualified for Europe with a fifth-placed finish in the Barclays Premier League . But the going has been a lot tougher for the Spaniard in his second season on Merseyside with Everton having only removed the spectre of relegation by winning their last three matches . Garry Monk wants Swansea to continue their own impressive form with victory over Everton on Saturday . Bafetimbi Gomis -LRB- centre -RRB- scored twice for Swansea in their 3-1 victory over Hull last weekend . Ki Sung-Yueng -LRB- second right -RRB- also got on the scoresheet as Swansea maintained their impressive form . Vandals even defaced the outside of Goodison Park with ` Martinez Out ' and ` Not Good Enough ' sprayed on the wall of a stand in white paint , but Monk insists that is simply a part of modern-day football when results do not go your way . ` I always say you 're only a few games away from being great or rubbish , ' Monk said . ` Roberto is a good manager , but sometimes you have good periods and sometimes you have bad ones . ` It 's just making sure you come through them and he 's won the last three games , they 're back on the up and he 'll want to finish the season strongly . ` Of course they 'd want to be pushing further up the league and it 's not a position you 'd associate with Everton . ` But if they can get back up to finish positively it will put a different twist on the season . ' Everton have had to balance their domestic commitments with a demanding Europa League campaign which saw them knocked out at the round-of-16 stage last month . And Monk knows from Swansea being in the competition last season how much that has an impact on Premier League performances and results . ` Europe is tough , the travelling and constant games in certain periods , ' Monk said . ` It all adds up and the intensity of the football at this level takes it out of you and takes its toll . ` Whether it -LRB- Everton 's results -RRB- is all down to that I do n't know , but it does play a major part and if you look at the teams who have played in the Europa League , including ourselves , it has had an impact . ' Swansea have never beaten Everton in the league but they claimed a point at Goodison Park in November after being reduced to 10 men following Jonjo Shelvey 's dismissal . Martinez criticised Swansea 's ` strange ' tactics and style of play that day but Monk put it down to ` more frustration with his own side and not winning the game ' . Roberto Martinez is hoping to continue Everton 's form against his former team in the Premier League . Monk -LRB- right -RRB- holds no ill feeling towards Martinez , despite him criticising Swansea after defeat in November . ` It might have been a game they 'd targeted to win and when it does n't happen as a manager you do get frustrated , ' said Monk , who knows victory will take Swansea past their previous best Premier League points total of 47 . ` That 's what it boiled down to . But we did well , we had Jonjo sent off so we were never going to go gung-ho and we got a good point . ` We did well in the circumstances and now we want to go one better and get all three . '