Frances Bean Cobain has admitted she 's not a big fan of her dad 's music in a candid new interview . Speaking to Rolling Stone Magazine about her documentary Kurt Cobain : Montage of Heck , the frontman 's daughter revealed she 's not really into Nirvana . ` I do n't really like Nirvana that much , ' she said . ` Sorry , promotional people , Universal . ' Scroll down for video . Nevermind : Frances Bean Cobain , pictured here in September , has revealed she is n't a huge fan of her late father Kurt 's music . SAINT LAURENT Babies 40 suede boots . Buy at Net a Porter . Visit site . She 's the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple , Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain , so it 's no surprise that Frances Bean Cobain has evolved into a rock chick with very expensive taste . Instead of wearing Converse like many young girls of her age might do , Frances turned to the grungiest high fashion designer of them all , Saint Laurent , when it came to choosing a pair of boots to invest in . Rocking a pussy bow black blouse with black embellished leggings , Frances made her knee-high suede booties the key piece of her outfit and they certainly make a grand statement with their luxe finish and eye-catching tan hue . Brown suede boots have been a key trend through autumn/winter 2014 and will continue to reign supremacy until next fall , so steal Frances ' style now and buy these Saint Laurent booties for yourself at Net a Porter . But hurry , they 're selling out fast ! If you 're not willing to splash the cash , take a peek at our top alternatives in the style edit below , where Warehouse 's versions with a slightly higher heel have shot to the top of our wish lists . Warehouse suede knee high boots . Visit site . ISABEL MARANT Étoile Ruth suede knee boots at Net-A-Porter . Visit site . DV by Dolce Vita Myste at 6 pm . Visit site . TOPSHOP DASHER Knee High Boots -LRB- now reduced to £ 60 -RRB- . Visit site . ` I 'm more into Mercury Rev , Oasis , Brian Jonestown Massacre , ' she revealed to the music mag . ` The grunge scene is not what I 'm interested in . ' However she does recognise her late father 's genius , and admitted some of his songs still bring her to tears . ` Territorial P*ssing s is a f**king great song . And Dumb , I cry every time I hear that song . It 's a stripped-down version of Kurt 's perception of himself ; of himself on drugs , off drugs , feeling inadequate to be titled the voice of a generation . ' The 22-year-old , who lost her dad to suicide when she was just 20 months old , said it was n't awkward for her as a child not being a huge fan of his music . Abandoned : The 22-year-old was just 20 months old when the Nirvana frontman committed suicide , which she describes as being ` abandoned in the most awful way possible ' ` I would have felt more awkward if I 'd been a fan , ' she said . ` I was around 15 when I realized he was inescapable . Even if I was in a car and had the radio on , there 's my dad . He 's larger than life , and our culture is obsessed with dead musicians . We love to put them on a pedestal . ` If Kurt had just been another guy who abandoned his family in the most awful way possible ... But he was n't . He inspired people to put him on a pedestal , to become St. Kurt . He became even bigger after he died than he was when he was alive . You do n't think it could have gotten any bigger . But it did . ' In the revealing interview , Frances also divulges why she thought her father shot himself exactly 21 years ago today , aged just 27 . ` Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art , because the world demanded it of him . ` I think that was one of the main triggers as to why he felt he did n't want to be here and everyone would be happier without him . Left behind : Frances and her mother Courtney Love at the January premiere of documentary film Kurt Cobain : Montage Of Heck at the Sundance Film Festival . ` There is , with any great artist , a little manic-ness and insanity . So many people are content to settle . ` My dad was exceptionally ambitious . But he had a lot thrown on him , exceeding his ambition . He wanted his band to be successful . But he did n't want to be the f**king voice of a generation . ` In reality , if he had lived , I would have had a dad . And that would have been an incredible experience . ' While serving as an executive producer on the acclaimed documentary , which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival this year , Frances said she told writer director Brett Morgen she did n't want to focus on the romanticism or mythology of her father . ` Even though Kurt died in the most horrific way possible , there is this mythology and romanticism that surrounds him , because he 's 27 forever , ' she said . ` The shelf life of an artist or musician is n't particularly long . Kurt has gotten to icon status because he will never age . He will always be that relevant in that time and always be beautiful . Too soon : Cobain was found shot dead in his home in Seattle exactly 21 years ago on Wednesday , aged just 27 . The visual artist also revealed that her fathers ex bandmates Dave Grohl , Krist Novoselic and Pat Smear get the ` K.C. Jeebies ' when they see her , partially because she sounds just like Kurt . ` His speaking voice is sort of similar to mine . It 's sort of a monotone , ' she said . ` The depth to it is similar to the way I speak . I do n't know what the f**k that is . I was n't even talking when he was around . ` It 's very weird how genes are . Dave , Krist and Pat came over to a house where I was living . It was the first time they had been together in a long time . And they had what I call the `` K. C. Jeebies , '' which is when they see me , they see Kurt . They look at me , and you can see they 're looking at a ghost . They were all getting the K. C. Jeebies hardcore . ` Dave said , `` She is so much like Kurt . '' They were all talking amongst themselves , rehashing old stories I 'd heard a million times . I was sitting in a chair , chain-smoking , looking down like this , ' she said , pretending to look bored . ` And they went , `` You are doing exactly what your father would have done . '' ` But I was glad they came over , ' she smiled . ` It was a cool experience , like having a Nirvana reunion minus one . Except for his spawn . ' Frances also said of her dad 's relationship with her mother Courtney Love : ` I always knew that their relationship was toxic . And I do n't promote having a fix-it baby , which is what I was - to fix their problems . ` But I know from the video footage and letters that I have that Kurt wrote me ... my dad did love me . ' Spooky : The visual artist said she gave Kurt 's ex Nirvana bandmates the ` KC Jeebies ' when they see her , because they are ` looking at a ghost '