They might look like they 're competing for a spot on a talent show . But this hip-thrusting dance duo are in fact novices who decided to polish up their skills to surprise guests on their wedding day . Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , Classic by MKTO . Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on . Scroll down for video . Caught on camera : They might look like they 're competing for a spot on a talent show - but this hip thrusting dance duo are in fact novices who decided to polish up their skills to surprise guests on their wedding day . Underwear on show : Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , Classic by MKTO . From lunges to push-ups , the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat . At one point Nikki 's father makes an appearance , in keeping with tradition . In a bid to make it easier to move around , Kyle changed into jeans , sneakers and a T-shirt for his wedding dance , while Nikki slipped into a knee-length dress . To date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times with many viewers giving it a big thumbs up . Lasting memories : Video footage shows the newlyweds getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on . Going strong : From lunges to press-ups , the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat . ` This is amazing ! Made me so happy , ' one commenter wrote . Another fan added : ` I can only dream of a man who loves dancing with me , let alone like this in front of a crowd , and such a quality ! ` Damn girl , you 're lucky with him ! All the best to the both of you and keep dancing ! ' The Kuchenbeckers got married at The Cotillion banquet hall in Illinois . They later hung their dancing shoes up and jetted off to Cancun , Mexico , for honeymoon . Internet stars : To date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times with many viewers giving it a thumbs up . Dressed for the occasion : In a bid to make it easier to move around , Kyle changed into jeans , sneakers and a T-shirt for his wedding dance , while Nikki slipped into a knee-length dress . A family affair : At one point Nikki 's father makes an appearance , in keeping with traditions .