The Secret Service will have to drive Scooby One and Scooby Two back to Chappaqua without HIllary Clinton riding shotgun . Instead , she 's flying coach and toting her own luggage . A United Airlines regional jet carried her back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha , Nebraska airport . Her flight was bound for Newark , New Jersey , the major airport most convenient to her spacious Chappaqua , New York home . A reporter with the liberal news outlet Vox tweeted a photo of Clinton toting her own luggage on Thursday in Omaha . SHE 'S JUST LIKE US ? A Town Car sedan -LRB- right -RRB- met Mrs. Clinton on the tarmac in Newark on Thursday , flanked by police and Secret Service vehicles . Hillary Clinton took the fast route home from Iowa to the East Coast : just a 3-hour flight instead of 20 hours of driving time . Clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in Council Bluffs , Iowa . That 's just a few miles away , and home to a cafe where she held a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party insiders who were told to surrender their cell phones and cameras beforehand . In contrast with the private jet service Hillary has been accustomed to on her storied and lucrative speaking tours , her ride home was a no-frills commercial flight without a First Class seat to be found anywhere . For flights from Omaha to Newark , United uses Embraer ERJ-135 and ERJ-145 jets with nothing but narrow economy-class seats . END OF AN ERA ? Scooby 's first trip ended with a total of 10 confirmed sightings and more than 1,300 miles driven . Clinton flew back East on an EMbraer ERJ-series plane like this one . EASIER TO RUB ELBOWS : The aircraft Mrs. Clinton took home has narrow chairs and the whole plane is economy class , but at least there 's no middle seat . Hillary 's handlers have been trying to reposition her as an ` everywoman ' eager to meet with ordinary people . But her first Iowa event , promoted as a spontaneous coffee shop sit-down with average voters , turned out to be a carefully staged production whose young participants were driven to the cafe by Clinton 's Iowa political director . At least three of the ` everyday Americans ' featured in Hillary 's campaign launch video have ties to Democratic Party politics . And hours before her flight , Secret Service agents parked the now-familiar ` Scooby ' van in a handicapped spot so she would have a shorter walk . On Thursday a Vox reporter photographed Hillary at Omaha 's Eppley Field airport , holding on to her own rollaboard luggage and talking with a member of the public . But while she boarded the plane like everyone else , she did n't disembark that way : Afellow passenger tweeted a photo of the Town Car sedan -- and police escort -- that awaited her in Newark on the airport tarmac . Just one person tweeted that Clinton was on their plane , not unlike her Ohio lunch at Chipotle where no one recognized her . EMBARRASSING : U.S. Secret Service parked ` Scooby ' in a handicapped space Thursday while Clinton held a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party officials . It 's not clear how Clinton 's twin ` Scooby ' vans , her armored and customized campaign vehicles , will get back to Chappaqua . The Secret Service did not respond to a request for comment . Agents will likely have to drive the vehicles back themselves . If Hillary were the American president , they would be rolled aboard Air Force One and flown east . But that will have to wait at least until January 2017 .