Tim McGraw is facing a backlash from country music fans who say that his decision to headline a concert for a gun control charity could end his career . The Louisiana-raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a Hartford , Connecticut show on July 17 for the Sandy Hook Promise group , which organized in response to the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in late 2012 . However , anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw , 47 , risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush . Scroll down for video . Country star Tim McGraw is facing backlash from conservative fans after agreeing to put on a Connecticut concert in support of a pro gun control charity . McGraw committed to a benefit concert for Sandy Hook Promise , which formed in the aftermath of one of the US 's deadliest school shootings . Above , first responders at the scene of the shooting on December 14 , 2012 . The conservator pro-gun blog Bearing Arms published a piece saying that McGraw 's fan base ` overwhelmingly supports gun rights and views a concert benefiting Sandy Hook Promise as being a betrayal ' . It draws a parallel to the Dixie Chicks fall from the graces of country music 's fold after singer Natalie Maines made disparaging remarks about Bush in the lead up to the Iraq War . Commenters on the conservative blog Breitbart bemoaned a red state hero 's turn towards the perceived liberal cause of gun control . ` Not real country singers in my book anyway , ' AWRHawkins said . ` It is sadly apparent that these kinds of girly men are helping to destroy country music as we -LRB- used to -RRB- know it , ' another , BloodofAlbion75 , said . McGraw 's opening act Bill Currington backed away from the project after backlash saying , ` I 've never been one to take on controversial issues - I 'm a singer . ' ` I do feel strongly about honoring and supporting the Sandy Hook community and will be making a donation to a local organization , ' he said on his Facebook page . However , McGraw , the headliner , stood by his decision when speaking to the Washington Post . Opening act Bill Currington -LRB- left -RRB- walked away from the project after the backlash but will join McGraw -LRB- right -RRB- on the rest of their tour together . McGraw said that one of his band members was good friends with Mark Barden -LRB- pictured -RRB- a musician who lost his son Daniel in the shooting . ` Let me be clear regarding the concert for Sandy Hook given much of the erroneous reporting thus far . As a gun owner , I support gun ownership , ' he said . ` I also believe that with gun ownership comes the responsibility of education and safety -- most certainly when it relates to what we value most , our children . I ca n't imagine anyone who disagrees with that ' . In a statement announcing the concert on his website , McGraw had said that ` Sandy Hook Promise teaches that we can do something to protect our children from gun violence . I want to be a part of that promise -- as a father and as a friend ' . He added that one of his band member 's is good friends with musician Mark Barden , who lost a child in the shooting by 20-year-old Adam Lanza that killed 20 children and six adults . McGraw has been one of country music 's most bankable acts for decades and has sold more than 40million records . He was estimated to bring in the 11th most money of all country artists in 2014 with $ 23.5 million , according to Forbes . Sandy Hook Promise states its mission as to ` protect children from gun violence so no other parent experiences the loss of their child ' and to help the community of Sandy Hook .