A German language teacher has been suspended in France after suggesting that panzers should invade the country again so as ` subdue unruly pupils ' . The Frenchwoman also used her classes to defend Adolf Hitler 's domestic record , and his plans for overseas expansion . ` He was a good man who built motorways and liked music , ' she is alleged to have said , before being suspended from the Auguste Remoir college in Limoges , west-central France . The German language teacher suggested that tanks -LRB- pictured is a panzer during the Second World War -RRB- should be used to invade France again to subdue unruly pupils . Hundreds of German tanks rolled into the country in May 1940 as their Blitzkrieg led to France becoming part of the Third Reich . Yet , according to complaining parents who passed on the comment to other teachers , the woman said she hoped ` German tanks come to Renoir to subdue unruly pupils ' . Seventeen of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher , and it was quickly acted on by the authorities . Parent teacher association president , Maurice Sourdioux , said : ` In my experience , this kind of procedure is extremely rare in national education . I have never seen it anywhere else . ' She has since been suspended from the Auguste Remoir college in Limoges , west-central France -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The teacher , who has been at the school since September , has denied any wrong doing , saying she was ` very shocked by the extent of the case ' . References to the Second World War are particularly sensitive in France , where a collaborationist government worked with the Nazis . State institutions including the SNCF railway company and police in major cities such as Paris assisted in the Holocaust too . Despite this , there are regular cases of far right sympathisers expressing support for the kind of racism and anti-Semitism championed by the Nazis . Last month , a music teacher in Berlin was questioned by police after forcing pupils to march up and down singing a Nazi song . Germany had been forbidden from producing and using tanks because of the Treaty of Versailles . But under a secret program code named the ` Traktor ' , they began developing armored military vehicles and artillery . The early tanks which were mostly used for training were then tested in the Soviet Union . The early German panzer force 's success was mainly down to tactical innovation rather than the quality of the vehicles . But many of their later tanks outclassed Allied armor , delivering more casualties than they took in most engagements during the Second World War . A parade of German tanks crossed the desert plans of Libya in the Second World War in May 1941 . Production of the first tank , the Panzer I , began in 1932 and mass production began in 1934 . It had been intended only as a training tank to introduce the army to armored warfare but the Panzer I saw combat in Poland , France , the Soviet Union and North Africa during the Second World War . The army went onto to produce the Panzer II to fill the gap after the construction of medium tanks , Panzer III and IV , fell behind schedule . Along with the Panzer I , the II made up the bulk of German tank forces during the invasion of Poland and France . The final Panzer , IV , was the workhorse force during the war making up half of all German tanks . It was also the only German tank to remain in production for the entire war - with a total of 8,800 produced .