Health officials say a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the U.S. and is spreading - already causing more than 200 illnesses since last May . Shigella infections , otherwise known as ` Delhi Belly ' or ` Montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic , India or other countries . The symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea . Outbreaks of the Shigella bacteria are not unusual , but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults . Cases of shigellosis -LRB- bacteria pictured -RRB- , otherwise known as ` Delhi Belly ' or ` Montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic , India or other countries . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released the report Thursday . The superbug sickened at least 243 people , in 32 states and Puerto Rico . Sometimes antibiotics are prescribed , especially for more serious cases . CDC Director Tom Frieden said in a statement : ` These outbreaks show a troubling trend in Shigella infections in the United States . ` Drug-resistant infections are harder to treat and because Shigella spreads so easily between people , the potential for more -- and larger -- outbreaks is a real concern . ` We 're moving quickly to implement a national strategy to curb antibiotic resistance because we ca n't take for granted that we 'll always have the drugs we need to fight common infections . Scientists unlocked the genetic code of bacteria grown from a soldier who died of dysentery in World War I . Their findings revealed a superbug already resistant to penicillin and other antibiotics decades before they were in common use . CDC Director Tom Frieden said the spike in outbreaks show a ` troubling trend ' in Shigella infections across the United States . Kate Baker of Britain 's Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute said last November that analysis of genetic differences between this 1915 sample of Shigella flexneri and three others isolated in 1954 , 1984 and 2002 showed that while the bacterium has changed relatively little , the mutations it has acquired have made it more dangerous and persistent . It also went though what is known as a ` serotype conversion ' , she said , which made it able to re-infect and cause illness in people who had already been infected before and would previously have been immune to further attacks . Shigella causes an estimated 500,000 cases of diarrhea in the United States every year . CDC and public health partners investigated several recent clusters of shigellosis in Massachusetts , California and Pennsylvania and found that nearly 90 percent of the cases tested were resistant to ciprofloxacin -LRB- Cipro -RRB- , the first choice to treat shigellosis among adults in the United States .