Given Manny Pacquiao is on his show next week it 's just as well Jimmy Kimmel did n't offend the Filipino fighter with his rendition of his inspirational ballad Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino . On his show Jimmy Kimmel Live the comedian sang an excerpt of the song , penned and recorded by Pacquiao to be his walk-out music for the richest fight of all time against Floyd Mayweather . Kimmel 's appreciation of the song , an earnest work dedicated to Pacquiao 's fellow Filipinos and with footage after the devastating Typhoon Haiyan in the video , appeared tongue in cheek . Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino for his walk-out music when he fights Floyd Mayweather and US talk show host Jimmel Kimmel has performed it on his live show . The Jimmy Kimmel Live crowd get into the piano ballad with some old-fashion hands in the air . Kimmel 's sidekick Manuel sways to Kimmel also as he sings the song dedicated to the Filipino people . We are going to fight . I am going to fight to the world . Fight for your name . I am Filipino . We are Filipino . ` I humbly submit this for consideration at next year 's Grammy Awards , ' Kimmel said introducing a clip . ` I never heard a song that summed up my emotions so completely . ' After singing a few lines , he said : ` That translated into England means `` I 'm gon na beat Floyd Mayweather 's face in '' . ' The boxer was nevertheless impressed , and a little amused . After Kimmel 's effort sung in the Tagalog , a language spoken by about 57 million of the Philippines ' more than 98 million people , went viral Pacman took to Twitter to thank the comedian for singing his song . Pacquiao 's 80s-style music video includes a montage of the boxer 's fights and his humanitarian efforts . Multi-talented Pacquiao not only wrote and sang the touching tune but also directed the music video . ` Thank you Jimmy for singing my new album - it was good , ' Pacquiao said laughing . ` You were practicing hard for that song . I am excited to be in your show next week . Thank you so much to all your support . ' Pacquiao 's song translates to English as ` I Will Fight For The Fillipino ' and will be blasted through the MGM Grand Arena on May 2 before he bids to end Mayweather 's 47-fight unbeaten run . Pacquiao saw the funny side of Kimmel 's spoof of his tune and thanked him on Twitter and in a video . Pacquiao works up a sweat during his media workout at Wild Card Boxing gym on Wednesday . Pacquiao , here training with Freddie Roach , will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live next week . Known as ` The Nation 's Fist ' , devout Christian Pacquiao is also a politician , has appeared in nine films and has a noted soft side when it comes to his musical exploits in his home country . The likelihood Kimmel 's viewers will hear the song as Pacquiao intended it next week is high given his was the first US talk show the boxer ever appeared on back in 2009 . On that show he sang a rendition of Dan Hill 's classic 1977 ballad Sometimes When We Touch . Pacquiao later released the song as a single in 2011 and it even made No 19 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary top 20 list .