Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton issued a pointed defense of her family foundation on Thursday after allegations surfaced that it reaped millions from foreign countries that had issues pending before her mother when she was secretary of state . ` What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent ' in the wake of the scandalous claims , said Chelsea , the philanthropy 's vice chair , ` even though Transparency International and others have said we 're among the most transparent of foundations . ' Clinton , the daughter of former U.S. president Bill Clinton and presumptive Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton , spoke during an event on women and girls at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . Chelsea Clinton defended her family philanthropy on Thursday in New York , calling it ` among the most transparent of foundations ' The Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the State Department when Hillary Clinton was at its helm . Hillary Clinton -LRB- seen Wednesday at Georgetown University -RRB- was helping approve Russia 's purchase of US uranium production as her foundation received millions from executives tied to the deal . ABC News hosted the event , and reported that Chelsea outlined what she said is ` the right policy . That we 'll be even more transparent . That to eliminate any questions while we 're in this time , we wo n't take new government funding , but that the work will continue as it is . ' The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it would n't return money it has already collected . That has n't sat well with Republicans vying for their party 's presidential nomination : Hillary Clinton is Public Enemy Number One on the campaign trail , and they smell blood . ` Having raised tens of millions of dollars from foreign nations presents a clear conflict of interest for anyone running for President of the United States , ' Texas Sen. Ted Cruz wrote Wednesday on Facebook . Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson , who has n't formally entered the 2016 hunt , told Daily Mail Online that ` not only should they definitely give back the money and cease accepting foreign donations , but should also make every effort to find missing documents that would shed light if in fact they are innocent . ' More problems : The Clinton Foundation erroneously reported it had received no funds from governments for three years -- even though it previously received millions -- and now has to refile its tax returns . Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly FIorina called the series of accusations against Bill and Hillary ` the Clinton way : raking in millions from foreign governments behind closed doors while making promises about transparency that they never intended to keep . ' The Republican National Committee pounced as well . ` The new revelations reported by the New York Times continue to raise serious questions about Hillary Clinton 's judgment and her handling of conflicts of interest surrounding the Clinton Foundation while serving as Secretary of State , ' RNC spokeswoman Allison Moore said in a statement . Thursday 's unrelenting news cycle about possible overlaps between the former first family 's personal and charitable finances were prompted by details emerging about a new book titled ` Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich . ' The book , due in stores next month , reportedly includes evidence that Hillary Clinton doled out special State Department favors to governments -- and for-profit companies tied to them -- in exchange for foundation donations and six-figure speaking fes for Bill Clinton . Hillary Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon laid out a lengthy defense on Thursday , writing online that a New York Times article outlining the charges included no ` direct evidence in support of the claim ' that Mrs. Clinton did anything wrong . Former president Bill Clinton -LRB- left -RRB- received $ 500,000 for a Moscow speaking engagement with Renaissance Capital . He also met Vladimir Putin -LRB- right -RRB- , at the time Russia 's prime minister , during the visit . This week in New Hampshire , Hillary herself brushed off the brewing scandal . ` We 're back into the political scene , and therefore we will be subjected to all kinds of distractions and I 'm ready for it , ' she told reporters in the town of Keene . ` I know that comes unfortunately with the territory . ' ` It is , I think , worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me , ' she added . ` They would n't have anything to talk about if I were n't in the race . But I am in the race , and hopefully we 'll get onto the issues , and I look forward to that . ' Mrs. Clinton herself has yet to outline any serious public policy positions in connection with her run for the White House .