These pictures show the moment a Mercedes became sandwiched between two London buses following a four-vehicle pile-up in central London . Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in Goodge Street this morning . It forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road . Scroll down for video . Sandwiched : A Mercedes , believed to have been operated as a minicab , became wedged between two London buses this morning . The four-vehicle crash happened in Goodge Street . Two people were treated at the scene . Long delays : The four-vehicle pile-up , which also involved an Audi TT , forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road . It caused significant disruption for traffic in central London . Richard Beltran , who works nearby , caught the aftermath of the crash on camera . He said it involved an Audi TT sports car , a Mercedes , believed to have been operated as a minicab , and two Routemasters - dubbed ` Boris Buses ' . The 38-year-old said : ` There were four vehicles involved . At the front was the Audi TT , which had been hit hard enough that it bounced a metre and a half away from the bus behind , which had a smashed windscreen . ` Then in between that and another bus was a Mercedes . I stayed around for two hours and the scene was still being cleared up . The bus at the front could be driven away but tow trucks were needed for the other one and the Mercedes . ` At one point there were about 15 buses lined up on Goodge Street before the drivers realised they had to divert elsewhere . ' Caught on camera : Richard Beltran , who witnessed the aftermath , said he stayed around for two hours while the scene was being cleared up . Smash : Mr Beltran said the Audi TT sports car had been hit hard enough that it bounced a metre and a half away from the bus behind , which had a broken windscreen . Tight squeeze : The driver and passenger of the Mercedes , which was wedged between two buses , were treated at the scene , Metropolitan Police said . No arrests have been made in connection with the collision . Recovered : A tow truck was needed for the Mercedes and second London bus , according to Mr Beltran . The Metropolitan Police confirmed they had been called to the incident . A spokesman said : ` Police were called at approximately 11.35 am on Sunday to Goodge Street at the junction with Tottenham Court Road following reports of a collision involving several vehicles , including two buses . ` Officers , London Ambulance Service and London Fire Brigade attended . The driver and passenger of a Mercedes were treated at the scene . ' No arrests have been made , police said .