She had n't spoken for weeks after her health deteriorated rapidly due to terminal brain cancer . But one day recently , Sara Martin , from Lititz , Pennsylvania , uttered a single word : ` Florida ' . Now , the mother-of-three 's devoted family is taking her there for what will likely be her final holiday . They leave for Sarasota , south-west Florida , today . Final holiday : Brain cancer sufferer Sara Martin , from Pennsylvania , is being driven to Florida today after she uttered the word ` Florida ' following weeks of not speaking . Above , Mrs Martin , center , sits in the rented van her family is taking to Sarasota , alongside her daughters Gretchen , 11 , and Carlie , 12 , who are staying at home . On her way : Mrs Martin , center , who also has a nine-year-old son , Connor , with her husband Dean , is lifted into the RV that her family is driving to the south-west coastal city . The mom-of-three has not spoken again since . Family : Mrs Martin was diagnosed with aggressive , inoperable brain cancer in 2010 . Above , she is pictured with her family in 2013 , three years after her diagnosis but more than a year before her health declined this winter . Mrs Martin , 37 , who has three children - Carlie , 12 , Gretchen , 11 , and nine-year-old Connor - with her husband Dean , was diagnosed with an aggressive , inoperable form of brain cancer in 2010 . Since her diagnosis , she has taken part in charity runs , gone on holidays and made countless invaluable memories with her family . All the while , she has been well supported by her loved ones . However , Mrs Martin 's health declined this winter after she underwent a second round of radiation treatment , prompting her relatives to arrange for her to receive hospice care at her home . Soon , she no longer talked . But during a recent visit , her sister , Amy Martin came up with a new way to try to get her sibling to smile , nod , or say something - offer her the opportunity to go to Florida . ` If you say ` Florida , ' I 'll get dad to take us , ' Amy Martin promised her sister . But she added : ` But you 've got to tell me . I 've got to know if you really want to go . ' Although Mrs Martin , a former physical therapy assistant at Lancaster General Hospital , said nothing for the rest of the day , the next morning she shocked her relatives while she was being dressed . In good spirits : Since her diagnosis , Mrs Martin -LRB- right -RRB- has taken part in charity runs , gone on holidays and made countless invaluable memories with her family . All the while , she has been supported by her loved ones . Run : The Pennsylvania mother -LRB- pictured doing a 5,000-kilometer run with two female friends and her two daughters -RRB- saw her health decline this winter after she underwent a second round of radiation treatment . Beautiful : Her family have rented an RV for the 1,000-mile , 18-hour trip to Sarasota , where Mrs Martin , who uses a wheelchair to get around , will be able to relax on her favorite beach : Siesta Key Beach -LRB- pictured -RRB- . As her husband and her mother , Barbara , were tending to her , she suddenly said : ` Florida ' . ` We were like , `` Oh , no ! We have to take her ! '' , ' Amy Martin recalled after being told the incredible news . She added : ` There 's nothing like sunshine and the beach to make you feel better . ' And Mrs Martin 's father , Earl , agreed : ` I guess we 're going ' . Mrs Martin has not spoken again since . Her family have rented an RV for the 1,000-mile , 18-hour trip to Sarasota , where Mrs Martin , who uses a wheelchair to get around , will be able to relax on her favorite beach : Siesta Key Beach . The vehicle will allow her to lie back and sleep comfortable during the lengthy journey , which has been partly funded by kind-hearted donors within her community in Warwick Township . Sisters : Amy Martin -LRB- left -RRB- , was the one who inspired her sister -LRB- right -RRB- to speak after telling her : ` If you say ` Florida , ' I 'll get dad to take us . ' She added : ` But you 've got to tell me . I 've got to know if you really want to go ' In better health : Unfortunately , Mrs Martin 's children are in school , so are not making the trip to the coastal city . Above , Mrs Martin is pictured with her husband and children in October 2012 , two years after her diagnosis . Unfortunately , Mrs Martin 's children are in school , so are not making the trip to the coastal city in Sarasota County , where her parents have a vacation house , according to Lancaster Online . Instead , she is traveling with Amy Martin , brother-in-law , John Martin , and family friend , Trina Martin , all of whom hope the trip will give Mrs Martin a ` change of scenery ' and an amazing memory . And although Mrs Martin , who used to teach Sunday school at Hammer Creek Mennonite Church , north of Lititz , was told this winter by doctors that she does n't have long to live , her sister is hopeful . They might have said that , ` but here we are in April , ' Amy Martin said . Couple : Mrs Martin , pictured with her husband in 2013 , has been told by doctors she does n't have long to live .