There 's no denying that the British interior aesthetic has come a long way over the past several decades . And for those looking to step back in time during a weekend getaway , there are plenty of options available at your fingertips . Whether you prefer the earthy aesthetic of the Atomic Age or the bold hues of the Brit-pop '90s , Airbnb rentals offers places that cater to interior decor of all tastes . Here , MailOnline Travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era ... Scroll down for video . Travel through time with this Airbnb rental , which hark back to the earthy aesthetic of the Atomic Age . 1950s . It was the age of modernism , with an emphasis on open living spaces , and the Landgate Cottage in Rye demonstrates this to a tee . The cottage , which sleeps four , features dark wood beamed ceilings and plenty of mid-century furnishings , situated ideally near the town citadel . There 's also a working fireplace in the cosy living space to relax in front of on the property 's retro couch . Complete with dark wood beamed ceilings and natural accents , the Landgate Cottage is quintessentially 1950s . True to the period , the rental is decorated in an organic aesthetic of earthy colours and plenty of natural accents . Neutral paint and wall-to-wall carpets complete the Atomic Age look . The quaint cottage starts at £ 98 per night . In the 1960s , there was an increased emphasis on freedom of expression - and that included interior decor . 1960s . The following decade saw an increased emphasis on peace , love and freedom of expression . As aesthetics move more toward the post-modernist era , the swinging '60s saw a proliferation of bright colours , many of which were associated with India . Carpets , sofas and walls were all covered in vibrant colours and patterns , as evidenced in the interiors of the Colour House in Kendal , Cumbria , and were meant to evoke a ` psychedelic intensity . ' The Colour House in Kendal , Cumbria , is a 1960s-era dream with its bold hues and bright wall coverings . Whether or not that 's the case here , this rental is undoubtedly unique in its bold design , so it 's perhaps unsurprising to learn that the host is a graphic designer herself . Although the suite is part of the house , there is individualised access so guests can come and go as they please . The suite can accommodate four people , features one double bedroom and starts at £ 55 per night . Nothing says 1970s nostalgia like a classic VW campervan , available now for rental on Airbnb . 1970s . Nothing says nostalgic for the past like a classic VW campervan . The vehicle , nicknamed Delilah , is kitted out to a high standard , complete with fridge , sink , two-ring cooker and grill . Hark back to the days of DIY culture and a ` built to last ' aesthetic with the van that also comes with a leisure battery or the option to hook up to a campsite 's electric mains . Delilah can sleep two adults and two children and can be rented for £ 650 per week . A few strong decorating trends dominated the 80s , including gold accents , leather and dark paint . 1980s . This seaside home , located in Brighton , is a stylish 80s-era house spread over three floors . A few strong decorating trends dominated the decade . Among them : over-the-top bedding , lots of excessive frills , mirrors and , of course , animal print . With plenty of metallic accents - think : gold-balustraded stairs , Italian gold bathroom tiles , and a gold sofa bed - See Saw Sea is clearly inspired by the contemporary art and photography of the period . The property accommodates four and is available for £ 110 per night . In the era of Brit-pop and New Labour , it was all about a clean look with a good dose of bright colour . 1990s . It was the era of Brit-pop and New Labour ... and with these social revolutions came a toned-back , clean look , with a good dose of colour . Also situated in Brighton , Wonderland Cottage , and its vibrant hues , took decor inspiration from the children 's story , Alice in Wonderland . The bold property sleeps four in two bedrooms and is available from £ 79 per night . In the 2000s , muted hues reigned supreme in the British home , evidenced in this Shoreditch conversion . 2000s . With the turn of the century also came the re-introduction of muted colour into the British home . As illustrated by this spacious Shoreditch warehouse conversion in London , the look of the space is a bit more individualised in this decade . Hints of technology are beginning to creep their way in , and , of course , IKEA furnishings are prominently featured . This two bedroom rental , just steps from the trendy Old Street area , sleeps five comfortably and starts at £ 180 per night . With the age of technology comes plenty of open space , lots of personalised touches and built-in storage . 2010s . The technological era has arrived and with it , built-in storage and personalised touches . This unique rental , just minutes from London 's trendy Hoxton Square , was originally a Victorian bank depository . Decorated in an eclectic style , mixing contemporary and vintage , there are many original artworks and loads of natural light . The open-plan living space sleeps four and is available from £ 290 per night . For a glimpse into the future of property rentals , look no further than this geodesic dome in Andalusia , Spain . 2020s . For a glimpse into the future , look no further than this geodesic dome in Andalusia , Spain . The igloo is set on a wooden platform with adjacent deck and dinner table . Also featuring an outdoor shower , huge mirror and Moroccan style toilet , this rental-of-the-future is an experience in and of itself - never mind the stunning landscape at your doorstep . The private , futuristic dome bedroom is outfitted with a double bed , seating area , and mosquito netting . Just one of dozens of unique rentals offered by the hosts , guests will have access to the community kitchen in the main house , as well as a shaded patio . Then , retire to the comfort of your private dome , outfitted with a double bed , mosquito netting and seating area . Experience the almost untouched beauty of the Spanish peninsula with a one-of-a-kind lodging , which starts at £ 290 per night .