When Dr Michael Shannon saved Chris Trokey 's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago , he could never have known that the favor would one day be returned . But in 2011 , Dr Shannon was trapped in his burning SUV after it was T-boned by a semi-truck , when Trokey , now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic , worked to pull him out alive . Their incredible story was shared by KTLA after the pair both participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in Rancho Santa Margarita , California on Sunday . Reunited : Chris Trokey , second left , saved the life of Dr Michael Shannon , pictured center , with fellow paramedics -LRB- pictured -RRB- in 2011 - thirty years after the doctor saved his life as a newborn . The two men greeted each other like old friends before having their heads shaved for The St. Baldrick 's Foundation . They recalled how , exactly four years prior , Dr Shannon had been driving on Pacific Coast Highway in Dana Point when he was hit by a truck and pinned beneath it in his vehicle . Firefighters from Paramedic Engine 29 - of which Trokey was a part - responded to the fire and managed to stop the flames and cut him out of the car . But Trokey was unaware of who he had saved until he went to the hospital , where Dr Shannon spent more than a month recuperating . ` I was like , `` Oh my gosh , Dr. Shannon ? '' ' Trokey told KTLA . Wreckage : Trokey was one of the paramedics who treated Dr Shannon and rushed him to hospital - where he spent more than a month - after he was hit by a semi-truck and trapped in this burning SUV . Firm friends : The two men caught up last Sunday when they both took part in a fundraising event . They had met many years before - when Trokey was born weighing just 3.2 pounds and his pediatrician - Dr. Shannon - stayed with the baby around the clock to make sure he survived . ` It 's amazing to watch them all grow up , but to have one come back in your life , on a day you really need it , that 's really incredible , ' Shannon said . He added to Yahoo : ` I do believe that things are supposed to happen when they do . I see examples of this almost daily in my life and practice . ' Trokey said that Dr Shannon is now pediatrician for his own newborn son . The duo joined dozens of others to have their heads shaved on Sunday , raising a total of $ 12,000 .