David Cameron will today promise extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year to counter spiralling costs . In a speech on the economy , the Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment . The Conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £ 150,000 to fund additional free childcare places . Scroll down for video . David Cameron , pictured , will today announce an extra 600,000 childcare spaces at a cost of £ 350 million . Mr Cameron , pictured , will tell the audience that the Conservative Party wants to reward hard work . ` For many second earners , work did n't pay because the cost of childcare was so high . So we introduced 15 hours of free childcare a week for three - and four-year-olds and disadvantaged two-year-olds . ` In the next Parliament we will double that for three - and four-year-olds . That ' s right -- 30 hours of free childcare a week -- worth £ 5,000 to working families . ` That means over 600,000 extra free childcare places available for families every year -- nine million extra hours of childcare a week and parents able to work an extra 78 days a year without any childcare costs -- all by 2017 . ' Mr Cameron will also argue ` that true compassion is n't giving people a benefits cheque -- it 's giving them a chance ' . The Conservatives inherited a ` shocking situation ' where ` some of the poorest people faced some of the highest marginal rates of taxation ' and couples ` were spending as much on childcare as one of them took home in earnings ' . ` We , the Conservative Party , have been using all the tools at our disposal -- the tax and benefit system ; childcare and the minimum wage , to turn that around . This goes to the heart of the country we are trying to build : one based on the principle of something for something , not something for nothing -- where those who put in , get out , where hard work is rewarded -- where we make work pay . ` I 've said it before : I 'm not in this job to be some high powered accountant . I do n't just want the lines on the graph to go in the right direction . I want lives to go in the right direction . I believe passionately in reducing poverty . And the best route out of poverty is this : work . ` We 've proved that . Since we came to power -- since we 've got more people working than in our history -- there are 600,000 fewer people and 300,000 fewer children in relative poverty . ' The new free childcare will be available where all parents in the household are working at least eight hours a week at the minimum wage . The new 30 hours entitlement will cost just under £ 350 million a year .