A veteran Georgia middle school teacher has been removed from the classroom after she gave students her highly critical personal opinion of President Barack Obama and some parents complained . Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year , city schools superintendent Chuck Ledbetter announced on Tuesday . Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him could n't be Christian , either . Nancy Perry , left , wo n't teach again at Dublin Middle School in Georgia after she gave students her highly critical personal opinion of President Barack Obama and parent Jimmie Scott complained . A 12-year-old boy in Perry 's class brought the matter to the attention of his father , Jimmie Scott , who complained to the school . ` If your parents voted for Obama , they 're evil and I do n't see how your parents could vote for someone that 's Muslim ' he told WMAZ , paraphrasing Perry 's alleged comments . Scott said he immediately requested a parent-teacher conference to which Perry brought along her husband Bill , who sits on the county Board of Education . Instead of discussing Nancy Perry 's classroom comments , Scott says that she and her husband showed him what he described as internet propaganda . ` She showed it to me and said , `` See , Obama is a baby killer . He aborts babies at nine months old as they 're coming through the birth canal . '' ' Superintendent Ledbetter said Perry was already planning on retiring before the complaint about her behavior . ` On behalf of the School District , we want to apologize to the student and to his parents , ' he said at a school board meeting . Scott said he requested a parent-teacher conference , but Nancy Perry brought along her husband Bill , pictured above , who sites on the Board of Education . The pair showed him what he described as anti-Obama internet propaganda . City schools superintendent Chuck Ledbetter says school principals are now required to call the superintendent if any board member asks to sit in on parent-teacher meetings . ` It is not the place of teachers to attempt to persuade students about religious or political beliefs . ' Scott also addressed the community at the meeting , saying his family had been ridiculed and had racial slurs thrown at them . Scott is black and Perry is white . ` We 've lost loved ones in the community because a line was drawn , ' Scott said . ` Either you were for my son or you were for the teacher . ' Ledbetter also apologized for the actions of Perry 's husband , who he said should n't have attended the parent-teacher conference . Ledbetter said school principals are now required to call the superintendent if any board member asks to sit in on a parent-teacher meeting . ` See , Obama is a baby killer . He aborts babies at nine months old ' Nancy Perry is alleged to have told Jimmie Scott .