Easing through a relatively straight-forward group to reach the latter stages , there are n't many who would have tipped Porto to go all the way in the Champions League this season . 11 years ago the Portuguese outfit achieved the impossible as Jose Mourinho guided an unfancied squad to glory but since then they have flattered to deceive , only reaching the quarter-finals on one occasion before this season . Julen Lopetegui has masterminded an unbeaten Champions League campaign for Porto this season . Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final . The Portuguese side beat the odds to claim the Champions League trophy after defeating Monaco in 2004 . Jose Mourinho lead Porto to glory that year but later moved to take over at Chelsea in the Premier League . Julen Lopetegui has assembled an exciting team , a squad based around technical ability and a high-pressing game , a side that demolished Basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round and are unbeaten in the competition . After finishing third behind current leaders Benfica and Sporting Lisbon last season , the ` Dragons ' took quite a risk in opting for Lopetegui . The 48-year-old had only managed two seasons at club level with Rayo Vallecano and Real Madrid B before impressing as coach in the Spanish youth ranks . The likes of David de Gea , Koke , Isco and Thiago came through under Lopetegui , while he has brought in Oliver Torres and Cristian Tello to develop a defined style of play . Only Bayern , Barcelona and Juventus can better their average possession of 58 per cent . Yacine Brahimi has been a shining light for Porto in this European campaign , netting a hat-trick against Basle to take his tally to five goals , while he has been credited with three assists . Only Lionel Messi -LRB- 12 -RRB- Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- 11 -RRB- and Luiz Adriano -LRB- 9 -RRB- have been involved in more Champions League goals this season . But it was not the Algerian who took centre stage last week as Bayern were dismantled . That honour went to Ricardo Quaresma - a maverick figure in the dressing room . Heralded as Portugal 's next big thing as a teenager , breaking through at Sporting Lisbon just like Cristiano Ronaldo , Quaresma struggled to live up to his reputation at Barcelona and Inter Milan . Unsuccessful short spells at Chelsea , Besiktas and Al-Ahli followed , and now 31 , Quaresma is certainly enjoying his second spell at Porto . Quaresma slots the ball past Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer at the Dragao Stadium . The winger struggled during short spells with Chelsea -LRB- left -RRB- and Inter Milan -LRB- right -RRB- . Quaresma and his Porto team-mates look relaxed during training at the Allianz Arena on Monday . It was last chance saloon for the winger when Porto gave him a chance in December 2013 , having been without a club for six months . Not many top-flight clubs , let alone those challenging the European elite would have given him a chance . But his double against Bayern alone would suggest Porto made the right choice . Quaresma has always been a man with immense technical ability and flair , and his early penalty as well as his desire and finish past Manuel Neuer to send the home crowd into raptures further demonstrated his class . Lopetegui has played Quaresma and Tello either side of Jackson Martinez up front , with three midfield players providing the base . His style of play has been embraced in Porto , while his popularity in his home country may have been a factor in Casemiro and Tello opting for loan moves in Portugal . The Real Madrid and Barcelona duo have relished the first-team opportunities that have come their way . The Brazilian stopper 's presence in the holding midfield role , allows the smaller , more technical playmakers around him to strut their stuff . Jackson Martinez is a Premier League target and had lead the line superbly for Porto this season . Lopetegui gives instructions to Brazilian right back Danilo at the Dragao Stadium last week . Oliver Torres -LRB- left -RRB- and Hector Herrera -LRB- right -RRB- close down Bayern Munich midfielder Thiago . But that is not to say Porto have lost an identity which has seen them balance their books while remaining successful on all fronts . Radamel Falcao , James Rodriguez and Eliaquim Mangala are just three of a whole host of players who were sold for over £ 30million , after being bought , comparatively , on the cheap . The above transfer technique comes naturally to Porto ; there are no real work-permit issues in Portugal unlike England and the rest of mainland Europe , and South American players can begin playing there whenever they like . That package gives the Primeira Liga side a win-win situation . They pay little to attract talented but relatively unknown stars , while the players themselves want to get to Europe as quickly as possible to elevate themselves on the football ladder - the Champions League is the perfect platform to perform - and possibly attract other bidders . It 's certainly a profitable cycle . There are now many more talents who could make a transfer window . Maruading right back Danilo has already penned a deal with Real Madrid , Jackson Martinez is seemingly constantly a Premier League target , while Alex Sandro and Hector Herrera are also highly regarded . That is not to mention Brahimi , who Man United and City are said to be chasing . His influence in the Champions League season would not go amiss at the Etihad Stadium as Manuel Pellegrini 's side look to make their mark in Europe . Yacine Brahimi has been Porto 's star man in the Champions League and has five goals in the competition . Radamel Falcao -LRB- left -RRB- and James Rodriguez -LRB- right -RRB- were sold for big money - as is the club 's way . Porto are hoping to knock Bayern Munich out of the Champions League and send shockwaves across Europe . Porto were able to rest nine players against Academica , a victory that kept them just three points behind Benfica at the top of the table after a shoddy domestic start . They have n't lost a game in the league since January . That is in stark contrast to Bayern , who could add Franck Ribery 's absence to the likes of Arjen Robben , David Alaba and Javi Martinez . Lopetegui though , maintains that Porto need to play a ` great ' game to beat what he claims are one of the best sides in history . ` We have to produce a great performance against one of the greatest teams in the history of Bayern , ' Lopetegui , who is a former Barcelona and Spain team-mate of Guardiola , said in his pre-game press conference on Monday . ` I am expecting a superb Bayern team , regardless of who they will end up playing and we are prepared for what will happen . ` It will be a very difficult task but we will try to find simple answers , we like the idea of playing Bayern , who are one of the best teams in the world . We can not think about what could happen , we must focus on the game tomorrow and try to give the answer on the pitch , ' Pep Guardiola and Lopetegui embrace before kick-off of the Champions League quarter-final first-leg . Lopetegui -LRB- back left -RRB- and Guardiola -LRB- back , second right -RRB- are former Barcelona and Spain team-mates . Porto defender Maicon points to the sky after Martinez sealed the 3-1 victory against Bayern Munich .