A father-of-two who brushed his ankle against a bin bag , scraping the skin , developed a flesh-eating bug and nearly lost his leg . Douglas Murphy was cleaning up after a children 's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag . Though the 47-year-old barely registered it at the time , the scrape almost cost him his right leg . A cut so small it was hardly visible , became infected , causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug . So extreme was Mr Murphy 's infection , surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg . But as they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure , the antibiotics Mr Murphy had been given finally began to show signs of working . Douglas Murphy , 47 , from Brooklyn , New York , pictured with his daughters Livvy Grace and Eleanor , nearly lost his right leg after scraping it against a bin bag while clearing up after a party . ` I attended a picnic for my daughter 's kindergarten class , ' said Mr Murphy of Brooklyn , New York . ` The kids played and it was a wonderful day . After the party ended , I helped in the clean up . ` I filled a bag with trash and , as it neared filling , spun the bag so I could tie it off . ` The bag 's bottom corner brushed -- and we 're talking barely touched -- my ankle and left a little teensie bit of juice on my sock . ` There was no abrasion or anything visible . ' That evening , Mr Murphy , who owns a summer camp company , was at home watching a movie with his daughters Livvy Grace , now 13 and Eleanor , now 11 , when he began to feel feverish . ` My leg , foot and ankle began to swell and a nasty dark purple began to spread and grow . My temperature was rising , I started feeling awful , ' he said . ` I thought it was a spider bite . I made my kids look but they did n't see anything . ' By the following evening , his temperature had rocketed to 42 ° c and he could put weight on his ankle . He rushed to New York Methodist Hospital and collapsed at the intake desk . Mr Murphy was diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis and medics battled to save him from the grips of infection . ` For the next few days , I was incoherent , feverish -- completely out of it , ' he said . ` The infection spread and my temperature did not go down . I was in deep , deep trouble . A cut so small it was barely visible became infected , triggering the flesh-eating infection , necrotizing faciitis . Surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg , when they noticed antibiotics given to the father-of-two had begun to work . As a result his leg was saved . ` They did n't tell me how bad it was but apparently told my mum , who flew in and stayed at my bedside , to get my paperwork in order as they might not save me . ' As the infection took hold , Mr Murphy began to suffer ` crazy fever dreams ' , telling his mother he was due to fly via private plane to Tokyo to attend a party hosted by Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie . Despite being hooked up to several IV drips and plied with different combinations of antibiotics , Mr Murphy 's fever refused to slow . When red infection lines began to shoot over his knee , surgeons decided to prep him for amputation . It was not until they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the operation that the medicine finally began to work . Eventually , the infection was beaten and Mr Murphy was moved to a regular hospital room to recover . ` At first they put me in a shared room and it was really only then that I began to get coherent . ` There was a guy in the bed nearby and his wife sitting at the foot of the bed , ' Mr Murphy said . ` They were both staring at me . I looked down at my massive , swollen , disgusting leg with flesh literally falling away , hair a mess , soaked in sweat -- not the person you want to be wheeled into your room . ` Once I moved into a single room and washed up , I began to feel more human . ` My sister stayed in my room day and night and , while wearing gloves , peeled away layer after layer of dead , disgusting tissue . ' Mr Murphy said he is grateful to be alive . His foot has now completely healed but still hurts a lot of the time . Mr Murphy was discharged and given crutches , which he found difficult to navigate . On his first day back home , he slipped , broke his hip and was sent back to hospital for a string of orthopaedic surgeries which ended in a total hip replacement . His lymph system was severely damaged following the infection and his foot is now covered in scar tissue . He is keen to raise awareness of his ordeal , working tirelessly with the National Necrotizing Faciitis Foundation . ` When I look at the pictures I have a hard time believing that it 's me and I survived , ' he said . ` The doctors think that a teensie abrasion from the trash bag and the presence of the bacteria on the bag was enough to let in the infection . The bacteria is present all over the world . ` My foot has healed completely mottled and hurts much of the time but I get used to it . ` It 's good to be alive . ' Necrotizing faciitis is often triggered by group A streptococci bacteria , pictured . Necrotizing faciitis is a rare but life-threatening infection affecting the deep layers of the skin . It progresses quickly after being triggered by various types of bacteria , including group A streptococcus and staphylococcus . Many infections are caused by organisms already residing on a person 's skin . Group A streptococci is a bacteria commonly found in the throat and on the skin . The vast majority of infections are relatively mild illnesses , such as strep throat and impetigo . Occasionally , however , the bacteria can become life-threatening if entering parts of the body where not usually found such as the blood , muscles or the lungs . The bacteria is often spread through direct contact with the mucus of an infected person and through contact with infected skin wounds and sores . Invasive group A streptococcal disease , which may occur when the bacteria gets past the body 's defences , is a severe and sometimes life-threatening infection in which the bacteria has invaded parts of the body , such as the blood , deep muscle and fat tissue or the lungs . Two of the most severe forms of invasive group A streptococcal disease are necrotising fasciitis and Streptococcal Toxic Shock Syndrome -LRB- a rapidly progressing infection causing injury to the major organs -RRB- . The early signs and symptoms of necrotising fasciitis include fever , severe pain and swelling , and redness at the wound site . The early symptoms of Streptococcal Toxic Shock Syndrome may include fever , dizziness , confusion , low blood pressure , rash and abdominal pain .