Microsoft has a new pilot program to hire people with autism for full-time positions within the company . The announcement was made on the company 's blog by Microsoft Corporate VP of Worldwide Operations , Mary Ellen Smith , who has a teenage son , Shawn , with autism . The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington and the program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne , a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT . Smith wrote on the blog : ` It 's simple , Microsoft is stronger when we expand opportunity and we have a diverse workforce that represents our customers . ' The announcement was made on the company 's blog by Microsoft Corporate VP of Worldwide Operations , Mary Ellen Smith , who has a teenage son , Shawn , with autism . ` The day my son was diagnosed I distinctly remember the final words of two doctors I overheard as my husband and I left the medical center , `` I think they understand . '' ` I also remember how we walked to the car , pulled onto the road , drove 15 miles to our home , and entered the house . All in silence . We did not know what to say . ` But we do now . What we learned over the last 15 years was to find our voice . To model what a unique advantage a young man like my son Shawn can offer . ` To think of where he is now , a college freshman and part-time employee , and where he has the potential to go , makes my husband and I so proud . The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington and the program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne , a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT . She added : ` I am also proud of how our society and our workplace is moving forward with the commitment to help support people with autism and disabilities in general . ' Last year Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella was forced to apologize for saying that women do n't need to ask for a raise and should just trust the system to pay them well . Nadella was blasted on Twitter and in blog posts for his comments , which were made at an event for women in computing . He had been asked to give his advice to women who are uncomfortable requesting a raise . His response : ` It 's not really about asking for the raise , but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along . ' Microsoft is now focusing on diversity . Last year Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella -LRB- pictured -RRB- was forced to apologize for saying that women do n't need to ask for a raise and should just trust the system to pay them well . Not asking for raise , he added , is ` good karma ' that would help a boss realize that the employee could be trusted and should have more responsibility . Still , his comments at the event , the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing , underscored why many see technology companies as workplaces that are difficult to navigate or even unfriendly for women and minorities . Tech companies , particularly the engineering ranks , are overwhelmingly male , white and Asian . Criticized for their lack of diversity , major companies say they are trying to address the problem with programs such as employee training sessions and by participating in initiatives meant to introduce girls to coding . Twenty-nine percent of Microsoft 's employees are women , according to figures the company released last year . Its technical and engineering staff and its management are just 17 percent female . That 's roughly comparable to diversity data released by other big tech companies last year . Commenting on Microsoft 's decision Sarah Lambert , Head of Policy at the National Autistic Society , told Daily Mail Online : ` It 's encouraging to see a global company like Microsoft recognise the untapped potential of adults with autism and we hope that other organisations follow their lead . ` Autism is a spectrum condition and many people may have strengths such as accuracy , a good eye for detail and reliability , which can benefit all sorts of businesses , not just the technology industry . '