Fed up of your neighbor 's dog barking ? It seems you could be in for a windfall . A couple in Oregon have been awarded $ 240,000 compensation for more than a decade of disquiet . Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs . Winners ! Debra and Dale Krein -LRB- pictured -RRB- have been awarded $ 240,000 after complaining that their neighbors ' Tibetan mastiffs have caused them more than a decade of disquiet by barking until 5 am . Overruled : John Updegraff and Karen Szewc -LRB- above -RRB- tried to argue they needed the dogs for their livestock . Finally , after three years of proceedings , a jury has ruled in favor of the disgruntled Oregonians , ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days . Debarking is a surgical operation that reduces tissue in the vocal chords . The procedure lowers the volume of a dog 's bark . The Kreins claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants , John Updegraff and Karen Szewc , started breeding dogs in 2002 . According to the Mail Tribune , the canines would routinely bark until 5 am and throughout the day outside the property just 300 feet from the Kreins . The jury ruled that the Tibetan mastiffs -LRB- stock image -RRB- , born in 2002 , should have their vocal chords removed . Irritation : The Kreins ' property -LRB- right -RRB- is less than 300 meters from Updegraff and Szewc -LRB- center -RRB- , who claim to keep livestock on their sprawling land . The jury ruled their dogs were unsuited to protecting livestock . This continued , they told the court , despite the fact that Updegraff and Szewc were cited by Jackson County Animal Control in 2002 and 2004 for violating public nuisance codes . The defendants attempted to argue that the mastiffs were needed to protect their livestock . However , on Thursday a judge at Jackson County Circuit Court ruled the animals were not suited to the role . Court case : The jury at Jackson County Circuit Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- heard defendants Updegraff and Szewc were cited twice for public nuisance in 2002 and 2004 but failed to control their animals ' barking .