Almost half of headteachers have vacancies in English , maths and science departments amid a growing recruitment crisis in secondary schools . They are struggling to fill core teaching positions , with some posts attracting only one or two applicants . School leaders warn the ` bleak ' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and ` greater competition ' for graduates among employers . Almost half of headteachers have vacancies in English , maths and science departments amid a growing recruitment crisis in secondary schools . A survey by the Association of School and College Leaders -LRB- ASCL -RRB- found that 44 per cent of respondents had vacancies in English , 52 per cent in maths and 50 per cent in science . Overall , 86 per cent had ` difficulty ' recruiting teachers for core subjects . Meanwhile , 62 per cent had similar problems in non-core subjects . And 65 per cent said they believed recruitment was more difficult than in previous years . London schools are experiencing the most problems finding teachers in English , maths and science , followed by the North West and East of England . The non-core subjects facing recruitment difficulties include geography , design and technology , business studies , computer science , religious education and modern foreign languages . The survey received 97 responses from headteachers and groups of headteachers from local networks of schools . One leader of a secondary school in southern England said : ` I have advertised for a head of maths twice and so far only had one applicant . This is a non-selective comprehensive school which has been significantly above average for maths consistently in the last five years . ` Why would n't someone want to lead such a great team ? ' A headteacher in the East of England said : ` A recent advert for a head of English drew two candidates , both with insufficient relevant experience . ` Head of ICT/computing drew a field of two suitable candidates out of four applicants , and teacher of maths drew one suitable applicant from a pool of two . All in all it is very bleak and there is a distinct lack of choice . ' A survey by the Association of School and College Leaders -LRB- ASCL -RRB- found that 44 per cent of respondents had vacancies in English , 52 per cent in maths and 50 per cent in science . A headteacher in North Yorkshire claimed ` recruitment is becoming a significant factor in preventing school improvement ' . He said : ` Maths , physics and now good-quality English candidates are in very short supply and schools in challenging circumstances are facing the future with little hope of recruiting credible candidates . ' Meanwhile an assistant headteacher in the Midlands said their school -- rated outstanding by Ofsted -- only received two applications for a full-time English post . Brian Lightman , ASCL general secretary , said : ` The existing teacher supply model does not work . Schools all over the country are experiencing unprecedented difficulties recruiting trainees , qualified teachers , middle and senior leaders . ` The next government must act urgently to ensure that effective processes are put in place to model numbers of teachers needed in each sector and region , and then promote the status and value of teaching as a profession . ' The union is drawing up a ten-point plan to deal with the recruitment crisis , proposing action by both teachers and politicians . It wants an expansion in school-led teacher training , the development of a core curriculum for teaching degrees and the launch of a campaign to attract new recruits .