Michael Schumacher 's 16-year-old son Mick begins his Formula 4 career in Germany this weekend . Schumacher Junior is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series after impressing during his karting career , finishing second in the world , European and German kart championships last season . His debut in single-seater racing gets underway at the Motorsport Arena Oschersleben , which holds the first of eight ADAC Formula 4 meetings . Mick Schumacher makes his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series in Germany this weekend . Schumacher Junior drives his car out of the garage at the Motorsport Arena Oschersleben on Friday . Schumacher Junior will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday 's first race , and will take part in two more races on Sunday . This is the first time that Schumacher Junior is racing under his own name after using the maiden name of his mother Corrina Betsch in an attempt to avoid extra attention . Three-time Formula One champion Niki Lauda said : ` Of course , the public will be watching him , thanks to his father , and that is a huge burden for him . ' Schumacher Junior began karting seven years ago , and this year reached the German Formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers . Schumacher Junior is making his debut in single-seater racing after a successful karting career . Schumacher Junior is pictured in the team garage ahead of the first race of the season on Saturday . He links up with team-mate Harrison Newey , the British 16-year-old son of the Red Bull designer Adrian . Van Amersfoot Racing team managing director told Bild : ` We are all pleased with how things are going . Mick makes few errors . ` The talent is there , the preparation is there , the intelligence is there . Michael Schumacher pictured during Formula One testing at the Jerez circuit in Spain in December 2007 . Schumacher celebrates on the podium after winning the Australian Grand Prix in March 2004 . ` We are proud to have a big name race for us , but the name alone wo n't bring us any points . We 'll all have to work hard for those . ' Seven-time Formula One champion Michael is recovering after suffering a serious head injury in a skiing accident in December 2013 .