Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on an anger management course after a student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident in February . Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds , but was not charged with any offence . Leeds issued a lengthy statement outlining Hardaker 's punishment , which will also see him forfeit one month 's salary to be donated to a local charity and do up to 20 hours a week of voluntary work for the club 's foundation for the duration of his contract . Hardaker and team-mate Elliot Minchella both paid £ 200 in compensation and wrote a letter of apology to a 22-year-old man following a police investigation but Leeds said Hardaker 's punishment is far stronger ` given his previous misconduct ' . Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker -LRB- centre with the ball -RRB- on an anger management course . The one-cap England international received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year and was also fined by England for breaching team discipline during the 2013 World Cup . The statement from Leeds read : ` The club has accepted his apology for his actions , however , given his previous misconduct , Zak has realised that it is his actions rather than his words that must now show his intentions to put these events behind him . ' It went on : ` We have passed the point of telling him what he has to do , however , for the first time Zak has admitted to us and , more importantly to himself , that he has an issue with aspects of his lifestyle which he wants to improve . ` We have listened to what he has committed to do for himself and we will support him . ' Minchella received a written warning and a fine of 50 per cent of his monthly salary , while team-mates Rob Mulhern , Josh Walters and Ash Handley were fined and issued verbal warnings . Police said the student received two black eyes and a bruised neck during the incident . Hardaker received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year . Leeds Rhinos have today issued the following statement relating to an incident which happened in the city earlier this year that was brought into the public spotlight : . ` The Leeds Rhinos Players Code of Conduct prohibits players from visiting licensed premises after midnight without prior permission from me or the Head Coach . Our investigation has revealed this regulation was breached by five players on a midweek evening before the start of this season . Furthermore Zak Hardaker and Elliot Minchella were involved in an incident at a student accommodation building , which led to a police investigation and a written apology from both players to a student and a £ 200 compensation payment from Hardaker and Minchella . ` Our internal investigation has now concluded . It has been an exhaustive process and we are always disappointed when players fall below the standards we expect of them and let everyone else down . The players themselves are embarrassed and very apologetic and I am sure it has been a lesson learned for all involved . ` Rob Mulhern , Josh Walters and Ash Handley have each received a fine and a verbal warning . Elliot Minchella has received a written warning and a fine of 50 % of his monthly salary . ` With regard to Zak Hardaker , the club has accepted his apology for his actions , however , given his previous misconduct , Zak has realized that it is his actions rather than his words that must now show his intentions to put these events behind him . Therefore , we have agreed the following actions : . 1 -RRB- Zak will forfeit one months salary and this will be donated to support a local charity project . 2 -RRB- He will enroll on a course for anger management . 3 -RRB- Zak will work as a volunteer for up to 20 hours a week for the duration of his Rhinos contract to assist the Leeds Rhinos Foundation and Marketing Department . ` Zak is full of passion and enthusiasm and has many qualities that are to be admired in a young player but a small part of him has led to problems and this has to be addressed , not only for the image of the game but most importantly for Zak 's own well being and his ability to fulfil his potential . We have passed the point of telling him what he has to do , however , for the first time Zak has admitted to us and , more importantly to himself , that he has an issue with aspects of his lifestyle which he wants to improve . We have listened to what he has committed to do for himself and we will support him . '