Abandoned , rusting and desolate , the hulking remnants of these old bangers have been claimed by nature . German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields . He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare Jaguar XK120 , which , if restored , could be worth £ 82,000 , and a fleet of vehicles used by the Allies in the Second World War . Many of the cars , often with doors , tires or windows missing , are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over . Dieter , 57 , from Cologne , first came across a Citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush six years ago . After witnessing how the foliage had grown in and around the man-made machine , he was hooked and began to track down other unusual resting places . Part of a sculpture park in Sweden which contains 50 cars . Covered in moss and lichen , they appear to blend in with the woods around them . The sun sets over dozens of abandoned cars in 2014 in Colorado . Dieter has travelled the world for six years searching for scenes like this . Two old cars poking out of a barn in Arizona in 2014 . Dieiter became hooked after finding a Citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush . Seemingly camouflaged cars are stacked on top of each other causing them to blend in with the landscape , in 2013 in France . Another view of the Swedish sculpture park . Thick foliage has grown up through the rusting shells which were once roadworthy vehicles . A Jaguar XK120 abandoned at the park could fetch £ 82,000 if restored . Another exhibit at the Swedish sculpture park -LRB- left -RRB- and a rusty red car abandoned in a forest in Germany , pictured by Dieter in 2014 . Three cars that wo n't be going anywhere soon resting in a field in Oklahoma while a working vehicle cruises by in the background . This old car is barely discernible amidst at the bottom of a heap of rusty , overgrown junk in France , pictured by Dieter in 2013 . A battered ` Stop ' sign stands ironically in front of a rusting vehicle that clearly has n't been driven for years in a yard in France . Dieter said : ` In Belgium I came across a place with about 250 cars , untouched in a little wood . The cars have rusted over time and the paintwork has dulled . ` The place was founded by the Allies after WW2 . They left these cars in a little wood , but they did not take them when they went back home . ' ` Other graveyards are not as rich in history but make for eerie and stunning places to explore . ` While in many cases I can not retrace the history of the vessels , some sites are more discernible and conspicuous than others . ` In Sweden , for instance , I visited a car yard where vehicles had been disassembled during the 1950s . ` Because the site stood a mere two miles from Norwegian border , the car parts were then taken piece-by-piece over into the neighbouring country , where the importation of whole cars was forbidden . ` The automobiles were reassembled - this was not prohibited . Only 30 miles from my hometown , Cologne , I discovered a special collection . ` A car dealer had a funny idea . When he turned 50 in 2000 he arranged 50 cars from 1950 as a sculpture park in his garden and made a big party . ` Some friends got really angry when they saw , for instance , an extraordinary Jaguar XK120 left alone on purpose . ` In restored condition this car could fetch $ 120,000 -LRB- £ 82,000 -RRB- . ' Dozens of cars lining forest a pathway in France appear to be sinking into the mud . Dieter is interested in how foliage can grown in and around man-made machines . These American cars have seen better days as they lie abandoned in the baking sun out in the Arizona desert , pictured in 2014 . A yellow and black race car has clearly been battered by the elements before this picture was taken on February 27 last year in Germany . OId fashioned American cars and big yellow school buses site in quiet rows at a site in Texas . America is a favourite subject for Dieter . A few blotches of paint cling on to the rusty shell of this old banger in Colorado . It 's hard to imagine it ever having been fit to drive . A Ford collection of Taunus , sold between 1939 to 1949 , look the worse for wear , pictured on February 15 this year in Germany . A rusty yellow car abandoned by Allied forces after the Second World War pictured in 2012 in Belgium . Dead foliage litters the entire scene . Moss covers and old fashioned vehicle in Germany . Dieter first discovered his passion for such subjects in his home country . This car in Oklahoma looks more capable of running than most but it is doubtful it would be wise to go for a spin nonetheless .