England international Ben Morgan has delivered an encouraging fitness bulletin as he continues to recover from a season-ending injury and retain the hope of keeping alive his World Cup dream . The Gloucester No 8 has not played since breaking his left leg during an Aviva Premiership game against Saracens in early January . But the signs suggest he is on course to play a part during England 's World Cup warm-up period ahead of the tournament kicking off in mid-September . Ben Morgan is hopeful of featuring for England at the forthcoming World Cup despite his long-term injury . Morgan last featured for England when he scored two tries during their victory over Australia five months ago . Injury then struck , and he missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign as a result . The 26-year-old , though , remains an integral part of England boss Stuart Lancaster 's World Cup plans , and the current prognosis is a good one after Morgan recently underwent final surgery to remove a pin from his leg . ` To be honest , I have not found this difficult at all , ' said 27 times-capped Morgan , after watching his Gloucester colleagues continue their preparations for Friday night 's European Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh . ` I am really positive and using this as a great experience to make myself better for when I come back . Who else gets six months off to rest up and train hard ? ` Yes , I will be at a disadvantage in terms of the fact I have n't played any rugby . ` But looking at the World Cup in particular , there will be lads who would n't have played for probably two and a bit months going into the first -LRB- warm-up -RRB- game , so everyone is going to be on an equal playing field . ` Things are going well at the moment . I am just trying to make sure I get back healthy when I come back . Gloucester No 8 Morgan broke his left leg playing against Saracens in the Aviva Premiership in January . ` I have a lot of strengthening to do around my legs - in the early stages you do n't want to rush that . When things strengthen up , that 's when I can start chucking some serious tin around . ` I had an operation last week . It is a case of seeing if things affect my ankle , and if they do n't , then I can do them again . ` It is very reactive . I just have to take it day by day . It could be a couple of weeks down the line or a couple of months down the line when I run again , but there is no point rushing this sort of thing . ' Lancaster is due to name a 45-man World Cup training squad next month , followed by his final 31-man group for the tournament in late August . England 's World Cup preparations , meanwhile , also feature home and away games against France in August , plus a September appointment with reigning Six Nations champions Ireland at Twickenham . Morgan last played for England during his side 's victory against the Wallabies at Twickenham in November . Reflecting on the injury , Morgan added : ` It was tough , but it was one of those things . It happens - deal with it . ` If I start thinking about what I missed out on , I 'm just going to become negative . I have this mindset going forward about living the law of attraction . ` It is basically positivity breeds positivity . If you get that positive mindset , you attract everything into your life that is positive . I 'm thinking of this as a positive experience . ` I can get bigger , better , faster , stronger and improve myself as a player before I come back . I can use this to my advantage . Otherwise I could sit there and fester and get fat , lazy and never come back . ` I sat in the hospital and thought to myself ` okay , it 's done . How long is it going to take me to get back ? '' ` Ideally , I would like to be back playing in those warm-up games because that gives me a shot of getting in the squad . ` There are so many variables about what can happen , though . ` I might get a couple of months down the line and think that realistically I 'm not going to get back , so think about next season instead . I have to look after myself . ` Yes , I desperately want to get back and put myself in contention , but I 'm not going to do anything that is detrimental to my health . ` Right at this moment , I am in a great place . '