The man accused of killing a gay community college worker said the motorcycle he used to get away broke down along Interstate 95 and he walked 30 miles before a woman headed to Florida gave him a ride , according to a police report released on Wednesday . The woman picked up the 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , whose face and neck are covered in dark , self-administered tattoos , some with neo-Nazi symbolism . The woman did n't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $ 500 , the report by Volusia County Beach Safety officers said . Scroll down for video . Would you slow down for this man ? Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down , police said on Wednesday . Among his self-administered tattoos are the word ` brotherhood ' on his neck and the number ' 88 ' on his left cheek which is linked to neo-Nazis . Stancil pictured with his mother Debbie at his graduation . She said he is ` rattled and confused and needs mental help ' . The mother also claimed that the victim had made sexually laced comments to her son . The driver was headed to Key West , Florida , but dropped Stancil off in Daytona Beach , where he was found sleeping on the beach on Tuesday morning . When officers approached him , he pulled the knife but dropped it when an officer drew his gun . He was arrested without incident , the police report said . Stancil is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina , where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane , a print shop director at Wayne Community College . On Tuesday , he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and , despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent , he admitted to the killing , WRAL reported . He confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement , saying he ` ridded one last child molester from the Earth ' , according to the station . He said Lane , who had been his supervisor at the college 's print shop until Stancil was fired last month , had been ` messing with ' one of Stancil 's family members . Lane was gay , and authorities said they are investigating a possible hate crime . They have n't released a motive for the shooting , but Stancil was dismissed from a work study program at the print shop last month . An extradition hearing was scheduled for Wednesday to send him back to North Carolina to face a charge of open murder . The police report said Stancil voluntarily gave police a statement , which authorities did not release . During his first court appearance on Tuesday in Daytona Beach , Florida , Stancil indicated he killed Lane because his former supervisor molested a relative . Nothing in police records substantiated the allegations . The suspect 's mother , Debbie Stancil , said she knows the relative was not sexually abused by Lane , as Kenneth Stancil claimed in court , because the relative and Lane had never met . She believes Kenneth Stancil is making the accusations because he is ` rattled and confused ' . Stancil , left , shot dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` He just snapped . That is not my son , ' Debbie Stancil , said . ` He 's probably out of his mind . I think he needs mental help . ' Debbie Stancil said her son was angry over being dismissed from his work-study job for excessive absenteeism . She also said Lane made sexually laced comments to her son . ` He was verbally inappropriate with Morgan at school . Very much verbally inappropriate , ' she said . ` He would tell him to stop and he kept on . ' Lane 's brother and sister declined to comment . College spokeswoman Tara Humphries said she did not know whether any complaints had been lodged against Lane . Lane and Stancil started working together in August . Stancil was dismissed in early March . He had been enrolled in a three-semester welding course . Lane and Stancil were linked - whether they knew it or not - by the suicides of people very close to them . Lane 's partner of 12 years killed himself last year . Stancil 's mother says her son never recovered after finding his father in the backyard after he had killed himself in 2009 . Stancil gave himself a facial tattoo last weekend that included the number ' 88 ' on his left cheek . Experts who track hate groups said the number is a neo-Nazi code for praising Adolf Hitler . Neo-Nazis have often been accused of attacking gays , said Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center . Police have not said whether Stancil held white supremacist beliefs or what hate crime they are investigating . Stancil 's mother said the tattoo marked a wannabe rather than someone with neo-Nazi beliefs . Stancil , pictured in court on Tuesday , is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina , where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane , a print shop director at Wayne Community College .