Made famous by their ` matchy matchy ' style and twin-like looks -LRB- despite the five year age difference -RRB- , the Melbourne based fashion duo Jess , 22 , and Stef , 27 , Dadon are now set to take their crazy style collaborations to a new level . The sisters have teamed up with ` Print All Over Me ' - an innovative online New York-based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints - and Buffalo shoes , the brand behind the Spice Girls ' trademark platforms . Introduced to the company via a mutual friend in the U.S. , the girls knew it was a match made in heaven . ` We both have a love of colour and prints and so we said lets do something crazy together , ' says Stef . Scroll down for video . Quirky collab : Sister duo Jess and Stef Dadon have teamed up with New York company ' Print All Over Me ' Cocktails and creativity : The sisters are heading to LA soon for summer to launch new shoe line ` Twoobs ' The photo-shoot was their own idea , which according to Jess they ` threw together ' because they did n't think the collaboration on its own had enough of their signature look that is all about over-the - top colours and accessories . While the duo look posed and polished in the pics , they let us in on a little secret , according to the ` How Two Live ' girls , they insist they do n't actually like modelling , despite the 1732 posts on Instagram that would suggest otherwise . ` We do n't like to model , so we decided to add wigs and sunnies so we can hide behind them and they do n't see us , ' says Jess . Candy coloured palettes : Stef , 27 -LRB- left -RRB- and Jess , 22 -LRB- right -RRB- Dadon have over 111,000 followers on Instagram . Steph says they use the term ` modelling ' loosely as they do n't see themselves as professional models , they just happen to be in the photos showcasing the clothes . The photo shoot which took place in Sydney 's Luna Park provided the perfect backdrop for the crazy , clown-like antics of the collaboration . ` They closed the park for the day so we had a couple of hours to take over and shoot . It provided the perfect creepy abandoned backdrop . ' Model shy : The girls admit while they love wearing clothes , they are actually camera shy . Theme this : Sydney 's theme park ` Luna Park ' was the backdrop for their crazy colour pop collaboration . The shoes featured are also as part of the collaboration and are from the brand ` Buffalo Shoes ' which are the same brand who sky-rocketed platforms into the mainstream when they were famously worn by the Spice Girls during the 90s . ` We 'd been collaborating with the guys from Buffalo shoes but we were n't sure what our following would think , so we posted a pic on Instagram and everyone has been dying over them - so it 's had a great response , ' says Jess . While the photo shoot for their current collaboration only took a quick 45 minutes , the Dadon sisters had a lot of other projects keeping them busy . Down-to-earth duo : 45 minutes is all it took to string together the glamour shots as seen throughout . Pop princesses : The platforms made by Buffalo Shoes are the same company made famous by the Spice Girls . First there 's their new shoe label , titled ` Twoobs , ' coming out in June in America . ` We did a shoe collaboration with Windsor Smith a year and a half ago and once we got a taste for shoes we fell in love , ' says Jess . ` This first line will be all about sandals with flat and platform soles , ` she said . According to Jess , platforms are a must because they 're much more comfortable than heels - ` you 're feet wo n't be sore at the end of the night and you still get the height . ' Flair for fashion : With a natural knack for fashion the girls are now releasing a ` how-to ' book titled #howtolive . Colour craziness : ` How To Live ' have become well known thanks to their colourful Australian style . Questioned why America is their first market , the sisters admit escaping to summer weather is their biggest appeal , especially as their based most of the year in Melbourne -LRB- known for it 's southerly chill -RRB- . ` We 're going to go for three months then decide if we 'll stay on permanently . We love L.A. , and we already have a fan base and connections to the shoe industry over there so it just made sense , ' says Stef . They also have a book in the works , with the very insta-worthy title ' #howtwolive ' coming out in September . Celebrity scene : In their short two and a half years of blogging they 've met Rachel Zoe and Anna Dello Russo . The book offers 36 ` how-two ' projects including fashion , recipes and nail art ideas . As for more collaborations ? There 's more on the cards but according to the girls it 's still under tight wraps at the moment . Not that the fashion bloggers will need any help with exposure . The duo have met a lot of fashion royalty in the two and a half years since their blog 's conception - with highlights including Rachel Zoe at New York Fashion Week and Anna Dello Russo when they guest edited for Elle Girl Japan . Fame and fortune aside , at the end of the day all the girls really care about is representing fashion . ` In the Australian blogging scene , everyone does the same thing , so we decided early on our goal was to bring colour into the Australian market , ' says Jess . Patriotic pair : Despite business endeavours in the U.S. they take pride in representing Australian designers . And it 's their vibrant and uniquely Australian approach that seems to be working . ` When we met Rachel Zoe we were wearing an amazing Australian designer Natasha Fagg and she came up to us and was like ` `` I love what you 're wearing , you girls look so crazy , '' ' says Jess . ` It also helps that we were wearing big sunnies , very Rachel Zoe , she adds . ` We love to promote Australian designers when we 're overseas . When we guest edited Elle Girl , it was so cool to have people from Japan come up and ask us who we were wearing , ' she said . Despite their recent success , the duo from Melbourne remain down-to-earth about their life and even admit that despite receiving the odd gifts here and there they prefer to buy all their own clothes . ` It 's flattering to receive gifts but we 're a bit picky and it 's always better to buy what you love and stay true to what your style is , ' says Jess .