Prince William and Prince Harry once tried to get their personal chef to cook them pizza by forging a note to him , it emerged yesterday . Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food . William and Harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change . Scroll down for video . Former Royal chef Darren McGrady -LRB- right -RRB- said that when the Royal princes were children -LRB- left -RRB- they swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food . William and Harry -LRB- pictured as children at Balmoral Castle with the rest of the Royals -RRB- were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change . William and Harry , pictured with their mother , dressed for the start of a new term at school in April 1990 . Mr McGrady said that their ` juvenile handwriting gave their identity away ' - and that they ended up with roast chicken anyway . He said that he was ` more scared of the nanny than I was of William ' so obeyed her rather than the third in line to the throne . In an interview with People magazine , he said : ` They may be royal children , but they still have children 's palettes ' . Mr McGrady is the former chef to The Queen and Princess Diana and spent a total of 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace . During that time he got to know the family and their culinary tastes very well . ` I remember holding the boys as babies , when the Princess was eating cereal in the kitchen , thinking , ` Wow , here I am , literally holding the crown jewels , ' McGrady he told People . Mr McGrady said the young princes ' -LRB- pictured with Princess Diana and Prince Charles -RRB- ` juvenile handwriting gave their identity away ' - and that they ended up with roast chicken anyway . When the Princes -LRB- left with Prince Charles on a sking holiday -RRB- were growing up the chef of the day at the Palace would send a list of suggestions to the nursery for what they should eat and the nanny -LRB- pictured right , with a young William -RRB- made her choice and then a butler would bring the meals down to the children . He said that when the Princes were growing up the chef of the day at the Palace would send a list of suggestions to the nursery for what they should eat . The nanny made her choice and then a butler would bring the meals down to the children . William and Harry would eat the same food as adults only it would often be diced or pureed . Mr McGrady said that they were served ` traditional , English food ' and William was supposedly fond of cottage pie and peas , poached chicken and rice and fish cakes . He said : ` Everything a normal British child would have . The only difference is that they had a chef cooking it for them . ' When it came to dessert they went for ` quintessentially British comfort food ' and their favourite was jam roly-poly . He said : ` Each time , I 'd send up six pieces , and each of them would go . ' Other desserts which were popular with the Princes included summer pudding and sticky toffee pudding which also happens to be a favourite of Princess Kate . Rank played its part even in what the children ate and whenever the Princes were joined by their cousins such as Zara and Peter Phillips or Prince Andrew 's daughters Beatrice and Eugenie , their nanny decided what everyone ate as they were more senior . Mr McGrady said : ` So when William came in , his nanny was the senior nanny , because she had the senior royal , so the boys always had their choice of foods on the menu ' . The former Royal chef -LRB- pictured -RRB- said rank part even in what the children ate and whenever the Princes were joined by their cousins such as Zara and Peter Phillips or Prince Andrew 's daughters Beatrice and Eugenie , their nanny decided what everyone ate as they were more senior . William was supposedly fond of cottage pie and peas , poached chicken and rice and fish cakes as children while both princes were fond of ` quintessentially British comfort food ' and their favourite was jam roly-poly .