A Czech politician says he has created an entirely new country by claiming three-square-mile patch of land along the Croatia-Serbia border that neither country claims is theirs . Vit Jedlicka , 31 , a member of the Czech Republic 's Conservative Party of Free Citizens , is the self-declared president of ` Liberland ' , which is located on the banks of the Danube River . The land making up the so-called ` micronation ' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula which split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s . Mr Jedlicka says that under international law he is now entitled to take control of the apparently ` unclaimed ' territory ' . Hope : If Liberland is ever formally recognised it will become the third smallest sovereign state in the world , behind the Vatican City and Monaco . Mr Jedlicka describes himself as a Libertarian and says citizens living in ` Liberland ' will be able to set their own individual rate of tax , as well as drawing up their own property and personal rights . Founder : Vít Jedlicka , 31 , is a member of the Czech Republic 's Conservative Party of Free Citizens . The anti-EU Czech politician says the idea for the state came from a desire to live in a country where ` honest ' people could prosper with minimal to no interference from a centralised government . All services - such as medical , fire and refuse - would operate voluntarily , with the overall idea being that the nation 's perfectly capable citizens would eventually work out the correct level of taxation and the right service requirements for a fully-functioning nation , without the levels being set by the state . ` We really felt restricted . We really felt under pressure , ' Mr Jedlicka told Fox News . ` We really feel that Europe needs another tax haven . We need a place where people can prosper , ' he added . During the phone interview Mr Jedlicka said : ` We could n't make our government lower taxes . I tried hard to tell my politicians that we need to lower taxes . That we need to lower regulation . ` All my opponents told me , `` you should have your own state to prove your ideas of liberty '' . So I did it , ' he went on to say . After extensive research into areas classified as terra nullius , or ` no man 's land ' , Mr Jedlicka discovered the 2.7 square mile patch of land along the Croatia-Serbia border . Unclaimed territory : Liberland is located on the Croatia-Serbia border , on the banks of the Danube River . The so-called creation of Liberland is far from the first time an individual has declared the formation of a new nation state . The most famous example is Principality of Sealand - an abandoned oil rig off the coast of Suffolk that declared independence in 1967 . Although only two people live there and it has never been formally recognised , Sealand has its own football club and national flag . Even if after lengthy legal analysis proves ` Liberland ' is a genuinely ` unclaimed territory ' , the world 's new newest nation still fails one of the basic tests for sovereignty . With only one citizen currently living in the country and access to the area strictly limited by Croatia and Serbia , there is no way Liberland is able to protect itself from neighbouring states . Even if Liberland 's so-called citizens were able to reach the country , Croatia 's border police still operate in the region . This means that even if Liberland does exist , it is a failed state occupied by a foreign nation . He asked the area 's only resident whether he agreed to the nation-building plan and , upon being given the go-ahead , declared the formation of Liberland . If the country was ever formally recognised it would be the third smallest sovereign state in the world , behind the Vatican City and Monaco . With the motto ` Live and Let Live ' , Mr Jedlicka claims he has already received 250,000 applications for citizenship , as well as financial pledges to set up the structure of a state , including establishing telecommunication infrastructure . Not everybody is so keen on the plan , however . Croatia has already reportedly declared that it will not recognise the ` micronation ' , adding that although it is n't taking the declaration seriously , it still considers the declaration of a nation state ` virtual trespassing ' . Czech journalists also tried to visit the territory last week , but were blocked from entering and the ` Liberland ' flag that was initially flown over the area has apparently now been taken down . Legal experts have also poured cold water on the idea , claiming that although the territory may appear unclaimed , it is almost certainly already part of Serbia . This is because after Yugoslavia 's break-up , any land in the area not claimed by Croatia was automatically absorbed into Serbia .