What started out as a harmless April Fools Day prank turned out to be anything but funny when the joke resulted in a fire at an apartment near a college campus Wednesday . Units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of Grand Valley State University in Michigan after an April Fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke , the Holland Sentinel reports . Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments . Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire . April Fools : An April Fools Day prank went horribly wrong when a joke involving fireworks led to an apartment fire -LRB- photographed -RRB- near Grand Valley State University in Michigan . Fireworks : Fire officials said one of the apartment building 's residents threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire . No one was hurt , Fox reports , and the girl is not expected to face charges . One of the girls ' neighbors , Addison Walstra , 19 , told the Sentinel that her neighbors came to her apartment and she had given them a fire extinguisher -- the units are not required to have fire extinguishers because they are townhomes . ` The fire was too big for -LSB- the extinguisher -RSB- so they told us to get out and then we knocked on everybody else 's doors to get them out as well , ' Walstra said , describing the moment her neighbors returned to her apartment to tell her they could not put out the fire . Firefighters arrived at around 9.30 am and the building was evacuated . The fire was contained to the upper-level of the building , the Sentinel reports . Contained : Firefighters arrived at around 9.30 am and the building was evacuated ; he fire was contained to the upper-level of the building . Damage : Allison Mitchell -LRB- photographed -RRB- , who lives in a neighboring apartment , said her room had smoke damage . Capt. Dave Pelton with the Allendale Fire Rescue said firewalls prevented the fire from spreading to neighboring apartments and Fox reports that the fire was extinguished at around 9.45 am . ' -LSB- The residents -RSB- were lucky , we had a great response and everyone was able to make it out safely , ' Pelton told MLive . Sarah Long , who lives in a neighboring apartment told MLive that she heard the smoke alarm and someone crying before residents told her and her roommates to leave the building . ` It 's just an April Fools gone wrong . . ' Long said . ` It was supposed to be funny , and , now it 's not . ' The apartment residents are allowed to return to two of the six apartments in the building , WOOD-TV reports . The remaining students , except for Apartment 4 's residents , are expected to be able to return later Wednesday . Return : No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges ; all students , except for Apartment 4 's residents , are expected to be able to return to the apartments Wednesday .