It seems there is nothing that Vivienne Westwood can not transform , especially after she recently added a luxury penthouse hotel suite to her impressive design portfolio . Following her venture redesigning flight attendant uniforms for Virgin Atlantic last year , the talented designer has turned her hand to the hotel business . Breaking records for the largest suite in Los Angeles , the Westwood-designed penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month , and it will cost a eye-watering $ 25,000 -LRB- almost £ 17,000 -RRB- a night . The master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed , with cushions and a tapestry designed by Westwood . Would n't say no ! The luxurious bathroom from the designer hotel suite in LA provides the perfect retreat . Fashion-conscious travellers will not be disappointed as the 10th-floor penthouse - measuring 11,000 square feet with two levels - will feature exclusive art , decor and custom furnishings , created in collaboration with Richmond Design . Guests can spot Westwood-designed prints , tiles and even scarves in the LA suite , before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping at the Vivienne Westwood store in West Hollywood , with an added discount . If this was not enough to tempt Westwood fans , they will even receive his and her gift bags upon arrival . The English designer has waved her magic wand over the suite , with many furnishings featuring the iconic Westwood pattern . What a view ! Enjoy celebrating on the roof terrace , which holds up to 300 people . Guests enjoy an outdoor dinner at the penthouse of The London West Hollywood hotel in Los Angeles . Jeff Kulek , the hotel 's general manager , said in a statement : ` We are proud to unveil the city 's largest , most lavish and fashion-forward hotel suite , inspired by renowned designer Vivienne Westwood , and we look forward to impressing our discerning guests with all it has to offer . ' The suite overlooking LA can hold 300 people for a private function and is part of the hotel 's $ 25 million -LRB- approximately £ 17 million -RRB- renovation project . For those looking to entertain guests , the suite has 5,000 square foot of private outdoor roof space , boasting breathtaking panoramic city views . ` We were initially approached by The London West Hollywood to add inspiration to the penthouse with our prints and graphics , ' said Andreas Kronthaler , Vivienne Westwood 's husband and co-designer . The bi-level penthouse , inspired by Vivienne Westwood , is opening on May 18 at $ 25,000 a night . He added : ` We have specially curated rugs , wall-hangings and soft furnishings to bring a subtle element of our brand to the luxury apartment . ` It 's really exciting to see our designs translated into an interior space . ' The stylish pad comes with at an equally lavish price and guests will fork out a hefty $ 25,000 per night . The ` Adventure ' tapestry is featured in the master bedroom suite and is from Westwood 's spring/summer 2001 collection , Exploration . Make an entrance through the double entry doors which open onto a large foyer that connects to a 2,000 square foot grand salon with large corner sofas , bespoke cabinetry and rich furniture , accented by Vivienne Westwood cushions and upholstery . The central rug features Westwood 's squiggle pattern and was first seen in her seminal 1981 Pirate Collection . The master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed , and a tapestry from her spring/summer 2001 collection , Exploration . The mirrored dressing room boasts black and white cut-out lace print wall coverings and an impressive marble bathroom with especially designed hand drawn Westwood tartan , white on white , soft cotton towels , and a ceiling light , which casts shadows down onto a free-standing bathtub . The media room features specially designed beige and olive green enlarged dogtooth print fabric furnishings and a timber-lined ceiling , while central to the space is a large , wall-mounted TV screen alongside another of Westwood 's wall hangings . This room includes a sofa adorned with a selection of Westwood 's iconic scatter cushions . The dining room , able to seat 10 people , features a unique collection of stunning cotton and silk scarves from over the last 30 years , which were hand-picked exclusively from the designer 's archives , are framed and displayed throughout the room . Guests can take an in-suite elevator or private staircase to access the penthouse 's magnificent 5,000 square foot rooftop terrace , which includes large daybeds and sofas . These are upholstered with custom white and deep blue squiggle print exclusive fabrics , grouped around a fire pit , with high bar tables below umbrellas , and specially made Westwood unisex squiggle print towels in mink and blue , to complement the exterior furnishings .