The former head of the NHS warned Labour yesterday that its failure to match Tory pledges to invest in the Health Service would leave it in a ` financial hole ' . Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Miliband 's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going . He was branded the ` Man with No Shame ' after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths . Sir David : The former head of the NHS 's criticism of Labour threatens to demolish its claim to be the champion of the NHS . Published in The Daily Mail , February 7 , 2013 . The lifelong bureaucrat had led the West Midlands Strategic Health Authority , which oversaw Mid Staffs , before Labour appointed him to run the NHS in 2006 . Sir David stayed in the top job , insisting he did not know what went on at Mid Staffs , until retiring in April last year with a pension pot worth almost £ 2 million . His replacement as chief executive Simon Stevens drew up a £ 30billion five-year rescue package called Forward View which the Conservatives and Lib Dems have both pledged to implement . It involves the NHS finding £ 22billion in savings but also needs an extra £ 8billion funding by 2020 . Labour has paid lip service to the plan , promising just £ 2.5 billion . Sir David said : ` All of the parties now I think , bar Labour , have signed up to the £ 8billion so it 's important , obviously , we get all the political parties signed up . ` They have n't said the £ 8billion , it would be helpful , I think , for the NHS if they did . ' His comments add to a chorus of criticism over Labour 's health plans . Mike Dixon , a leading GP and chairman of the NHS Alliance , said he was ` extremely worried by the lack of political consensus around the £ 8billion funding ' . He added : ` NHS leaders have been clear that this is the minimum amount needed to maintain current service provision . It 's not rocket science to predict the impact on the NHS if this commitment is not met . ` Patients would face longer waits , services would face severe cuts and rationing , and many hospitals and GP practices would struggle to survive in their current form . ' Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said Labour must explain why it wo n't find the money the NHS ` says it needs ' Chris Ham , chief executive of the King 's Fund think-tank , said : ` The big question is about funding , with Labour the only one of the three main parties not to have pledged to find the £ 8billion in additional funding called for in the NHS five-year Forward View . ` Given this is the minimum if the NHS is to continue to meet patient needs and maintain standards of care , this leaves a significant gap at the heart of its plans . ' Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said : ` Labour must explain why they wo n't find the money the NHS says it needs . ` They do n't have a plan for the economy and that means they 'll never be able to fund the NHS . ' Sir David warned that the scale of the impending cash crisis was so great that the Tories and Lib Dems would have to rein in plans to expand services , despite being committed to the £ 8billion . His criticism of Labour threatens to demolish its claim to be the champion of the NHS . The party has run a controversial poster campaign claiming the Conservatives would cut the NHS ` to the bone ' . But senior figures have confirmed that Labour would not match Tory spending plans . Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said a planned shake-up of NHS services by Labour meant the ` funding gap ... may be smaller ' .