A father-of-five has been stabbed to death at a Wisconsin river following an argument with three other fishermen . Peter Kelly , a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach , was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45 pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend . The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down , authorities said . For the next three hours , Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers . Scroll down for video . Loss : Peter Kelly , 34 , was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend asked a group of rowdy fishermen to be quiet at a river on Tuesday . The argument escalated and Kelly was attacked and died at the scene . ` The group on the Minnesota side was making statements like , ` Why do n't you clean up your act ' , ' . Captain Steve Smith with the Polk County Sheriff 's Office in Wisconsin told CBS Minnesota . ` The challenge was made -- ` why do n't you come over here ? '' Kelly and his friend drove to Interstate Park on the Wisconsin side , where the argument escalated and one of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed Kelly in the chest . He died at the scene . After the stabbing , the attackers fled the scene and authorities are still searching for them . The Polk County Sheriff 's Office said the three men are believed to be in their late teens or early 20s and were with a dog named Gunnar , who was either a golden retriever or a yellow lab . They were traveling in two vehicles with Minnesota license plates : a blue Chevrolet S-10 pickup truck and a small passenger car . Left behind : Kelly and his wife Christie , pictured , have four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine . Authorities are also asking for help tracking down five people who were in the area at about 7.30 pm as they have witnessed the argument that ultimately escalated . Now his small community in St Croix Falls , which has just 2,100 people , is mourning the loss of the family man who volunteered as a coach at the high school 's football , baseball and wrestling teams . He would often go to work at 4 am so he could get back in time to coach before dinner , fellow high school coach Dan Clark told the Star Tribune . His day job was at Andersen Windows in Bayport , where he worked in quality control . ` He worked 10 to 12 hours a day at Andersen Windows , and he would come home and volunteer four hours a night to our wrestling program for four or five months a year , ' Clark toldFox9 . ` He was one of the greatest human beings that I ever hoped to meet . ' His wife , Christie , stayed at home to care for their children , who are all under nine . They have four boys , Kellen , Payton , Miles and August , and last year welcomed a baby girl , Molly . Devastated : His brother , Mike Kelly , said the man 's children did not understand what had happened . Confrontation : Kelly and a friend were on the Minnesota side of the St Croix River , pictured , and told men on the Wisconsin side to stop making so much noise . Kelly was stabbed at Interstate Park . ` I do n't think they fully understand the implications of what happened , ' his brother , Mike Kelly , told KARE . ` His daughter will never even get to know him . ' Friends and family added that they do not believe Kelly was to blame for the confrontation . ` He did good things , and did what was right all the time , ' his brother added . ` And that 's probably what cost him . Some knuckle heads swearing and being silly . ' Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call the Sheriff 's Office at 715-485-8300 . A GoFundMe page has also been set up for the family .