Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to send Real Madrid on their way to a 3-0 victory over Eibar . It was his 38th league goal of the season and with Manchester United loanee Javier ` Chicharito ' Hernandez scoring a second this was another win that Real Madrid had wrapped up before half time as they continue their pursuit of leaders Barcelona . Ronaldo had not scored a free-kick since last March but when Luka Modric was fouled 25-yards out in a central position midway through the first half , he dipped a free-kick through the Eibar wall that bounced just in front of Xabier Irureta . Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- right -RRB- puts Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead against Eibar with a 21st minute free-kick . Before the strike against Eibar , Ronaldo had n't scored a La Liga free-kick in over a year . The Madrid star celebrates his strike with team-mates Isco -LRB- centre -RRB- and Marcelo -LRB- left -RRB- . The 30-year-old blows kisses to the Santiago Bernabeu crowd as Madrid take a 1-0 lead . Real Madrid : Navas , Arbeloa , Varane , Ramos -LRB- Pepe 64 ' -RRB- , Marcelo -LRB- Nacho 65 ' -RRB- , Modric -LRB- Borges 61 ' -RRB- , Illarramendi , Isco , Jese , Hernandez , Ronaldo . Subs not used : Casillas , Benzema , Carvajal , Munoz Jimenez . Goals : Ronaldo 21 , Hernandez 31 ' , Jese 83 ' Eibar : Xabier Irureta , Castellano Castro , Anibarro , Rodriguez Navas , Vila Rosello Booked , Fernandez , Garcia , Carrillo -LRB- Boateng 77 ' -RRB- , Capa , Berjon Perez -LRB- Arruabarrena 45 ' -RRB- , Lara Grande , Del Moral Fernandez -LRB- Piovaccari 66 ' -RRB- . Subs not used : Ekiza , Lekic , Minero Fernandez , Jimenez Merlo . Booked : Arruabarrena , Rosello , Boateng . Ref : Alejandro Jose Hernandez . Att : 73,965 . The Eibar goalkeeper was already travelling to his right and when the ball spun like an off-break to the keeper 's left he was left floundering at his near post as the ball crossed the line . Despite his recent poor conversion rate from free-kicks , Madrid 's goal machine has now scored 16 goals from direct set-pieces -- only Roberto Carlos can match that in the last 20 years in Spain . Real Madrid were up against La Liga 's smallest club who were playing a league game at the Bernabeu for the first time in their history . Madrid had Keylor Navas making only his ninth start of the season for the rested Iker Casillas but he was seeing little more of the action that he usually does from the bench in a one-sided first half . Real could have gone ahead after 16 minutes when Ronaldo tried but failed to make contact with an Alvaro Arbeloa cross with an ambitious bicycle kick . The rebound came out to Asier Illaramendi but he hit his shot wide . Ronaldo then forced a corner with a blocked shot and from it Real managed to hit the crossbar , both posts , and had a goal ruled out for offside all inside 10 seconds . Ronaldo flicked the corner kick on to Sergio Ramos who hit the bar with a header . The ball rebounded to Isco whose shot hit one post , rolled along the line and hit the other , before coming out to Hernandez . In the team ahead of the rested Karim Benzema , he scored , but from an offside position . Javier Hernandez made the most of a rare start for Madrid by doubling Madrid 's lead in the 31st minute . Hernandez watches on as his header beats Eibar goalkeeper Xabier Irureta -LRB- left -RRB- . It was impossible to come any closer and sure enough Real Madrid scored with their next chance as Ronaldo rammed home that set-piece . He should have doubled the lead a minute later but just failed to reach Hernandez ' cross . Manchester United 's on-loan Mexican has become increasingly frustrated by his lack of chances in Spain . He will not stay beyond this summer but there will be no shortage of clubs interested in a forward whose strike rate is comfortably inside one goal a game . On 31 minutes Arbeloa crossed and he angled a clever and powerful header home to make it 2-0 . It was his first goal in the Bernabeu and his fifth for the club . The Manchester United loanee striker celebrates just his fifth goal in Los Blancos colours . The Madrid players celebrate Hernandez 's header during the 3-0 victory against La Liga minnows Eibar . Just before half time Marcelo drove forward and laid the ball off to Ronaldo in space . His fierce low shot forced a fine save from Irureta who had performed well since flapping at that spinning Ronaldo free-kick . Real coasted through the second half . They were able to withdraw Modric , Ramos and Marcelo on the hour with thoughts already turning towards Tuesday 's Madrid derby Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid . It was a gamble to make all three changes so early despite the 2-0 advantage and Carlo Ancelotti almost paid for it when on 70 minutes Federico Piovaccari clattered into Pepe who in-turn fell into keeper Navas . Both the keeper and Pepe , who had come on for Ramos , needed treatment but were able to continue . Gareth Bale will also be back for Tuesday 's Champions League first leg . He sat this one out as a precaution after taking a knock on the thigh in midweek . Madrid coped without him and his replacement Jese who scored the third on 83 minutes . He was quiet throughout in Bale 's right wing position but showed strength and skill to work an opening on the right hand edge of the penalty area before burying a shot in Irureta 's far corner . Marcelo jumps over the tackle of Eibar 's Borja during the La Liga clash at the Santiago Bernabeu . Spanish star Jese fired Madrid into a commanding 3-0 lead during the closing stages . Jese was quiet throughout in Gareth Bale 's right wing position but showed strength and skill to score . Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti shouts instructions to his players during the La Liga clash .