Devotees endure searing heat , holding their bodies in challenging poses leaving them dripping with sweat but exhilarated at the culmination of a tough workout . Bikram yoga improves mindfulness , flexibility , strength , muscle tone and general fitness , advocates boast . But a new study has warned the practise , which involves performing 26 poses , can raise a person 's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels . A typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40 ° c -LRB- 105 ° f -RRB- , with 40 per cent humidity . Scroll down for video . Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned that Bikram yoga , which involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40 ° c -LRB- 105 ° f -RRB- , raises the risk of participants suffering heat stroke . A team of researchers at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse has found hot yoga can place pressure cause a person 's heart rate to fluctuate and their core body temperature to reach potentially dangerous levels . Emily Quandt , who led the study , working under John Porcari , said : ` The dramatic increases in heart rate and core temperature are alarming when you consider that there is very little movement , and therefore little cardiovascular training , going on during class . ' Twenty apparently healthy volunteers - seven men and 13 women - ranging in age from 28 to 67 took part in the study . All regularly practised Bikram yoga and as such were familiar with the 26 standard poses . They were also all acclimatised to the hot , humid environment . Before taking part in a session each volunteer swallowed a core body temperature sensor , and was given a heart-rate monitor to wear during the class . Body temperature was recorded before the class started , as well as at 10-minute intervals throughout the session . Meanwhile heart rate was recorded every minute . The researchers found heart rate fluctuated throughout the class , depending on the difficulty of the pose being performed . But body temperature was found to steadily increase throughout the 90-minute class , in both men and women . The average body temperature for men was 39 ° c -LRB- 103 ° f -RRB- and 38 ° c -LRB- 102 ° f -RRB- for women . Scientists advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks . A male participant recorded the highest core temperature of 40 ° c -LRB- 104 ° f -RRB- , while seven volunteers ' temperature reached 39 ° c -LRB- 103 ° f -RRB- , the scientists said . They noted that while none of their volunteers exhibited signs or symptoms of heat intolerance , body temperatures such as these can pose a danger for some people . They said the risk for heat-related illness , such as heat stroke , increases at 40 ° c -LRB- 104 ° f -RRB- . Dr Quandt said while the excessive perspiration experienced by people doing Bikram yoga is often cited as a benefit because it releases toxins , the results of the new study show this sweating was insufficient to cool down the body . She advises three ways to improve the safety of Bikram yoga classes - duration , temperature and hydration . Dr Quandt noted that participants started to experience dangerous core temperatures around 60 minutes into the session . Therefore , shortening the length of the typical class to just an hour could help minimise the risk of heat intolerance . In addition lowering the temperature of the room may appear obvious , but would help reduce the risk Dr Quandt said . Furthermore , hydration lies at the heart of the controversy surrounding Bikram yoga , she said . In many classes , participants are designated just one water break . Though , many teachers do acknowledge students should hydrate as required throughout their class . Some Bikram enthusiasts believe that by minimising their water intake they augment the mindful aspects of the practise , with fewer water breaks decreasing the potential for mental distraction . Dr Porcari , said : ` Nothing is gained from withholding water in any setting . ` Exercise leaders must actively encourage hydration , particularly when classes take place in extreme environments like those seen in Bikram yoga classes . ' He said Bikram yoga teachers must be familiar with essential science principles surrounding exercise , including a clear understanding of the physiology of the thermo-regulation . ` Knowing the risks associated with things like blood pooling and vasodilation , as well as the signs and symptoms of heat-related illness , is absolutely essential , ' he added . And the researchers said it would be wise to reduce the temperatures in classes , while ensuring all participants are properly hydrated . One male study volunteer recorded a core temperature of 40 ° c -LRB- 104 ° f -RRB- . WHAT ARE THE SIGNS OF HEAT EXHAUSTION ? WHAT ARE THE SYMPTOMS OF HEAT STROKE ? Suspected heat stroke should always be treated as a medical emergency , health experts warn , advising an ambulance is called in extreme cases . Dr Cedric Bryant , chief science officer at the American Council on Exercise , which commissioned the study , agreed . He said : ` Bikram teachers should recognise that participants ' thermoregulatory systems will be challenged in this environment . ` It is essential that they are aware of the early warning signs of heat intolerance . ' The signs include cramps , headache , dizziness and general weakness . It is important that teachers respond appropriately and are trained in what to do in the event of an emergency to keep the participant 's safety as the top priority , Dr Bryant added . The researchers concluded : ` Exercising in hot and humid environments - whether inside a studio while practising Bikram yoga , or outside running during the warm months - can place participants at risk for heat-related illness , especially if those individuals do not adequately hydrate before , during and after exercise . ` Not only does it take time for the body to acclimatise to activity performed in hot and humid environments , proper hydration is crucial . ' ` Given the popularity of Bikram yoga and its proven benefits , it is likely here to stay , ' said Dr Bryant . ` It is our job to make sure it is done safely . '