David Cameron was ridiculed this morning after admitting he had suffered a ` brain fade ' when appearing to forget which football team he supported . The Prime Minister , who insists he has been an Aston Villa fan ` all his life ' , was giving a campaign speech in south London when he joked that everyone should back his team -- but then named West Ham instead of the West Midlands giants . Mr Cameron this morning claimed he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich in the European Cup final as a child -- but admitted he could not say what year the match took place or who scored the winner . The PM , who insists he has been an Aston Villa fan ` all his life ' , was giving a campaign speech in south London when he joked that everyone should back his team -- but then named West Ham instead of the West Midlands giants . Mr Cameron , pictured making the gaffe in a speech in South London , said he had been ` overcome by something ' , adding : ` I do n't know what happened to me , it was just one of those things ' The Prime Minister said he had been ` overcome by something ' , adding : ` I do n't know what happened to me , it was just one of those things . ' He said he had gone ` off script ' with the remark adding : ` I suppose it 's just the campaign . By the time you have made as many speeches as I have on this campaign all sorts of funny things start popping out of your mouth . ' Mr Cameron likened himself to the Green Party leader Natalie Bennett , who infamously blamed a ` brain fade ' after a disastrous interview . He said : ` I had what Natalie would describe as a brain fade -- I do n't know what happened to me . I think I was overcome by something . But these things sometimes happen when you 're on the stump . ' Labour said the gaffe exposed the Prime Minister as a ` phoney ' . Former Downing Street spin chief Alastair Campbell claimed it ` says a lot about his character ' , adding : ` Out of touch . Phoney . Believes nothing . ' Shadow chancellor Ed Balls , a Norwich City fan , tweeted : ` Hey David Cameron ... I 'm off to see that football team I support this afternoon . Name escapes me ... they play in yellow ... Watford ? ' Mr Cameron has been pictured watching football with his son Elwyn - but admitted that he does not go to live games very often . Mr Cameron this morning claimed he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich in the 1982 European Cup final - but admitted he could not remember the year of the triumph . Premier League footballers : Aston Villa 's new midfield sensation Jack Grealish -LRB- left -RRB- and West Ham 's young star Dan Potts -LRB- right -RRB- . David Cameron 's uncle Sir William Dugdale . David Cameron said he started supporting Aston Villa because his uncle was ` involved in the club ' . In fact , the Prime Minister 's late uncle Sir William Dugdale was Aston Villa 's chairman from 1975 to 1982 . In the final year of his chairmanship , Villa beat the odds to win the European Cup . Mr Cameron said he remembered the glory days back in the early 80s ' . He said the star players Andy Gray and Brian Little ` got me going ' . But Mr Cameron , interviewed by Sky News host Dermot Murnaghan , said : ` My uncle was involved in the club and back in the early 80s and all those successes - Andy Gray and Brian Little got me going . ` I do n't go very often - in fact I have n't been for years and years - but I do try to keep up . We 're going to escape the relegation zone , which we 're out of now - and the cup final is very exciting . ' Mr Cameron 's late uncle Sir William Dugdale was Aston Villa 's chairman from 1975 to 1982 . Reminded of his comment in 2001 in the House of Commons that he was n't actually a football fan , Mr Cameron said : ` I mean , I 'm not a regular attender , I used to play football as a kid , my son plays football , and I try and sort of keep up with what 's happening in the Premier League and see how Villa are doing . ` But when they get snug in the middle of the table I tend to sort of , I tend to back off a bit . When we get close to the bottom I get nervous , but I do n't know what happened . ' Mr Cameron was asked to show his support for Aston Villa by naming the year of the club 's famous European Cup final victory in 1982 . The PM said : ` It was early 80s , I 'm not going to give you a date because I 'll get it wrong . ' He added : ` I 'm not doing quiz time because I will get them all wrong . ' Mr Cameron made the gaffe in a speech on multiculturalism in the UK -- claiming it was possible to support a number of teams at the same time and still be British . He said : ` You can support Man United , the Windies and Team GB all at the same time . ' But he then added : ` Of course I 'd rather you supported West Ham . ' Speaking on the Murnaghan programme broadcast this morning , Mr Cameron tried to explain away the gaffe . He said : ` I 've been an Aston Villa fan all my life , I literally opened my mouth and I was going off-piste about the fact that in Britain you can be a supporter of the West Indies , a supporter of Manchester United , and a supporter of Team GB . '