Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul . It 's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping . The images were posted on social media , including the Shomoukh Al-Islam jihadi forum , under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols . Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul . It 's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping . The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration . It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living , so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased . The statement stems from a collection of Islamic teachings known as the hadith , which many Muslims reject . Steven Stalinsky , executive director of The Middle East Media Research Institute -LRB- MEMRI -RRB- , told FoxNews.com that by posting the images on social media , the group was sending a message to the West . He said : ` It is important to note that ISIS is documenting its destruction and desecration of Christian sites and its attacks on Christian communities , and on other minorities ' sites and communities , and is disseminating these images worldwide via social media . The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration . It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living , so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased . Christians have suffered considerably at the hands of Isis , with many in Iraq and Syria forced by the militants to choose between leaving their homes , facing death or paying a traditional tax on non-Muslims . One expert said that Isis released the video to mock the West , to show that it is powerless to stop the group doing whatever it wants . ` By doing this , ISIS is not only showcasing what it is doing , but is also mocking the West by demonstrating that it is doing so freely , with no one trying to stop it . ' Christians have suffered considerably at the hands of Isis , with many in Iraq and Syria forced by the militants to choose between leaving their homes , facing death or paying a traditional tax on non-Muslims . Earlier this year Isis released a video showing militants beheading 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians in Libya and Yazidis have told of fighters abducting hundreds of girls and women and subjecting them to rapes and beatings . Isis ' attack on Iraq 's heritage , meanwhile , recently saw Nimrud , once the jewel of Assyria and home to a treasure considered one of the 20th century 's main archaeological finds , destroyed by explosives and men armed with power tools . The UN 's cultural agency condemned the act on Monday . ` I condemn this mad , destructive act that accentuates the horror of the situation , ' UNESCO head Irina Bokova said in a statement . The Islamic State group on Saturday circulated an undated video showing militants equipped with sledgehammers and power tools breaking artefacts before rigging the site with large barrels of powder . The subsequent footage shows a massive explosion and its aftermath , suggesting the ruins of Nimrud - which lie on the Tigris about 30 kilometres -LRB- 18 miles -RRB- southeast of IS-held Mosul - were largely levelled . Nimrud , founded in the 13th century BC , is one of the most famous archaeological sites in a country often described as the cradle of civilisation . ` With their hammers and explosives they are also obliterating the site itself , clearly determined to wipe out all traces of the history of Iraq 's people , ' Bokova said .