Germans now think of themselves as the victims of Hitler and his Nazi Regime . Germans no longer see the Second World War as a defeat and now think of themselves as victims of the Nazis , it has been claimed . Nearly 70 years after the end of the conflict , attitudes are reportedly changing among the younger generation . Research carried out by the Forsa Institute found the number of people who considered the end of the conflict a defeat fell to just nine per cent - a 25 per cent drop in the last decade . Instead , they now exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday Germans , the Times reported . The findings have been published exactly 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in a bunker in Berlin . Author Florian Huber has sold tens of thousand of copies of his book , Child Promise Me You Will Shoot Yourself , which examines the number of German suicides after peace was declared . ` German journalists are interested in my book , but they keep asking me whether I am doing something to make Germans out as victims , which is not allowed , it seems , ' he reportedly told the newspaper . ` We have to think of ourselves as the bad guys , and it is still a controversial thing to suggest otherwise . ' Crimes committed against ordinary Germans by the Allies and the millions that were left uprooted by war are also the subject of other tomes . The German city of Munich is today opening a new museum dedicated to exploring its past as the birthplace of the Nazi movement . The Munich Documentation Center for the History of National Socialism charts the rise of the Nazi party from its founding in the Bavarian capital in 1920 , a year before Adolf Hitler became its leader . German Culture Minister Monika Gruetters praised the city for tackling what she called ` the long repressed confrontation with the special role Munich played . ' Gruetters noted that Germany 's effort to examine its past - which encompassed World War II and the murder of millions the Nazis considered unworthy of life - is getting harder by the year because the number of witnesses is dwindling . Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat . Pictured : Operation Overlord in June 1944 .