Britain 's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden may look like the epitome of good health today , but the 44-year-old has revealed that she has fought through dark times to get here . In a new interview Holden has admitted that her traumatic childbirth experiences left her needing therapy , but have also inspired her to live life to the full . In her cover interview for the June issue ofGood Housekeeping , the mother-of-two talks about how it was therapy that saved her after she lost one child and nearly died after having another . Scroll down for video . Amanda Holden , 44 , stuns on her cover shoot for the June 2015 issue of Good Housekeeping . Holden , who married record producer Chris Hughes in 2008 , has two daughters , nine-year-old Alexa and three-year-old Hollie . Although the actress now has a beautiful family , her pregnancies have been complicated , with one even ending in tragedy as Amanda suffered a devastating miscarriage in 2011 , giving birth to a stillborn baby , Theo , at seven months . And with the birth of now three-year-old Hollie , the television star encountered serious medical complications and nearly died in the process , losing a dangerous amount of blood . Following this near-death experience , Holden was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- and the Britain 's Got Talent judge initially struggled to cope with the trauma , turning to therapy to help . The blonde talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences as well as maintaining her youthful appearance . In the interview , Holden says : ` My therapist told me I had no more tools or coping mechanism left . She was very good at giving me sentences to say to myself to make me stop panicking about my own mortality . ` I think you have none of these worries unless you 've got children . If it had just been me and Chris and I 'd died , it would have been awful for him but nowhere near as bad as a child losing their mother . She adds : ` It makes you suddenly think , I have to live . I 've got to live , but I 've got to try and live a good , happy life for me too and I think that 's why I faced up to the fact that I needed to speak to somebody . It was a really good thing . I 'm probably too open but I have no secrets . ' The radiant TV star also ruled out the possibility of trying for another child , but has found peace with it . Holden says : ` I 'm not allowed . I would be dead the next time . And I think Chris would say you can have them but you 're not having them with me . ` I 've got the two I 'm supposed to have . I just had to complete my family to feel like I could be me . ' The presenter -LRB- pictured right -RRB- is best known as a judge of ITV 's show Britain 's Got Talent , with -LRB- l-r -RRB- Alesha Dixon , 36 , David Walliams , 43 , and Simon Cowell , 55 . The stunning blonde always looks stylish for the shows in an array of on-trend outfits . Through traumatic times , Holden admits that her husband , Chris Hughes , has been a constant source of reassurance . She gushes : ` The minute I met him , my life changed so much for the better . He has a great perspective on life . ` He makes me stop , he 's given me my children and literally stood by my death bed and I really fancy him ... ' Although they have a happy marriage , Holden admits that nothing is perfect . She adds : ` How I feel about Chris still feels new . We try to do date night but it fails dismally . We 're doing everything that you could possibly do wrong in a marriage ! ' ` We 're ignoring date nights and watching box sets but it 's working ! We feel stronger and it just feels new . Chris is very funny , and in the face of adversity he 's so bad and verging on politically incorrect ! ' In the interview , the 44-year-old has admitted to getting collagen treatments to maintain her glowing appearance . Amanda Holden 's sister , Deborah is currently caught in the chaos of the Nepal earthquake . The TV presenter is currently consumed putting on a brave face , as recently news hit that sister Deborah Holden , is caught in the chaos of the Mount Everest avalanche disaster , which has so far killed 18 people . A couple of days ago , Amanda made a desperate plea to have her sister brought home , as she is among the 70,000 survivors attempting to reach Kathmandu to fly home . The full interview appears in the June issue of Good Housekeeping , on sale 1 May . Also available in digital edition on Apple Newsstand . For further exclusive content , please go to goodhousekeeping.co.uk . Holden will be on the cover of Good Housekeeping for the June 2015 issue .