A rescued seal pup who had been nursed back to health in a wildlife sanctury has washed up dead just weeks after being released into the wild after being run over by a boat . The female seal , who was called Sponge Bobby by rescue workers suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact . The force of the collision broke Sponge Bobby 's jaw causing her a painful death off the Dorset coast . WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Sponge Bobby the seal suffered horrific injuries after she was struck by a boat or a jet-ski on Monday . The six-month-old seal had been earlier rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties . It is feared that Sponge Bobby could have been struck by a fast moving jet ski or speed boat . Tamara Cooper of the Cornish Seal Sanctuary cared for Sponge Bobby when she got into difficulties in November as a young pup . She said the seal was only about six months old at the time of her death . She said : ` You give them the best chance you can , fixing them up for release , but then it 's down to them . ` We are realistic enough to know that not all will survive but nevertheless it was shocking to hear of her horrendous injuries . ' Sponge Bobby was found with breathing problems at Widemouth on the north coast of Cornwall . Her body was recovered from a beach at Highcliffe , Dorset on Monday with severe head injuries including a broken jaw . Wildlife campaigners were able to identify Sponge Bobby from the tag they fitted before her release . Wildlife photographer and environmental campaigner Steve Trewhella , of UK Coastal Wildlife , said : ` You have to assume that under the circumstance is was struck by a boat or jet ski . ` There were loads of people in the water that day and it could have easily been struck . ` You can tell it was n't a propeller strike because that would have had a corkscrew effect , where it is struck multiple times . ` If it had come in in a storm then it may have been a rock but it was fairly calm on the day . ` They are wonderful creatures - watch them , film them and enjoy the spectacle but you have to respect the fact that they are vulnerable animals . ' Emma Rance , marine conservation officer at Dorset Wildlife Trust , added : ` The injuries to its face suggest a boat strike . ` The jaw is seriously broken , possibly by a boat or a Jet ski . ' She said the injury could have been inflicted accidentally , but boat users were breaking the law if they harassed sea animals . ` We do n't know how many animals are injured every year , because not all of them are washed up , ' she said . ` Marine animals like seals and dolphins are curious creatures so if people are aware of their presence they should cut their engines and be certain that the animals have moved on . ' Sponge Bobby , pictured , was released last month after recovering from her breathing difficulties . Experts believe that Sponge Bobby , pictured here in happier times , was struck by a motorboat or jet-ski . Sponge Bobby was the last of four seals to leave the trailer when they were released back into the wild . Sponge Bobby and the other seals recovered from their illness at the Cornish Seal sanctuary .