The search for a missing 15-year-old girl in Ohio who ran away from home on her bike early Sunday morning has ended after she was found in the same town safe and sound Monday afternoon . Details about where Lauren York was during her more than 24 hours missing were not detailed by police . ` UPDATE : My daughter Lauren York HAS BEEN FOUND . We are all PRAISING GOD , ' her mother Grace York posted on Facebook Monday afternoon . Lauren 's parents believe she left their home in North Ridgeville around 4 am , and first noticed she was missing when they woke up to have Easter breakfast and she was gone . Lauren , who is home-schooled , is thought to have left on her own since she took a backpack packed with a phone and clothes and her bike was missing . Runaway : Lauren York , 15 , was found Monday afternoon , a day after run away from her home in North Ridgeville , Ohio . Dissappeared : York 's parents believe she left home on her bike around 4 am Sunday morning , with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone . Earlier in the day , Lauren 's mother worridly posted on Facebook fears that she may be heading out of the state . ` Still no word . Think Lauren is headed to Missouri . We are so desperate for your prayers and ANY info you may have . Thank you friends !!! ' Mrs York wrote . In the aftermath of Lauren 's sudden disappearance , Mrs York said she found out her daughter was communicating with several people in online chat groups . Phone records also showed Lauren made several calls early Sunday morning and police have allegedly contacted the person connected to the number Lauren dialed , WEWS reports . On Sunday , family and friends helped search for Lauren on her bike , and posted missing child posters around the community and online . Online life : York was allegedly talking on online chat rooms and made several calls before she left home Sunday morning . Destination : On Monday , York 's mother wrote on Facebook that she still had not been in contact with her daughter and feared she may be headed to Missouri . Anyone with information on York 's disappearance is being asked to call the North Ridgeville Police Department at 404-327-2191 .