A movie enthusiast has built his very own Iron Man suit for a heroic price of just £ 55 . Chinese engineering graduate Cheng Chen , 27 , was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother . He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie 's exact measurements , it was reported by People 's Daily Online . The finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4 kg and comes complete with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack . But Cheng said he was was too ` chubby ' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him . Heroic effort : Cheng Chen poses with the Iron Man suit he built after six months of painstaking research . It is being modelled here by his nephew because he found he was ` too chubby ' to fit into it himself . The finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4 kg and comes with helmet , gloves and backpack . Cheng , from Jiangsu Province in eastern China , said : ` I studied electronic engineering at university . ` Because I have always been single , I have a lot of time in my hands . The idea of constructing an Iron Man armour then came to mind . ` I love the movie . Even my brother , now in Year 6 , loves it . My initial idea was to make one for my little brother . ' He was driven to start his research when his younger brother begged him to build one after they watched the latest installment of the series in the cinema last year . Construction was harder than Cheng expected . He started looking for a blueprint for the armour last autumn . Cheng spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the move 's measurements . To cut the cost , Cheng used plastic instead of metal which he bought for just 5 Yuan -LRB- 60p -RRB- per square metre . He said : ` I got all my information from the internet . I started from scratch . I go online for any questions . If I ca n't find the answer , I post my question on online forums . ` Through searching online for information , I am able to learn and exchange experiences with other Iron Man fans . It is a little by little process . ' To cut the cost , Cheng used plastic instead of metal which he bought for just 5 Yuan -LRB- 60p -RRB- per square metre . He bought 20 square metres in total and cut them into 13 parts , including the helmet , mask , chest and limb protectors . Cheng bought 20 square metres of plastic in total which he cut them into 13 parts , including the helmet , mask , chest and limb protectors . Oversight : Even his nephew can only sit down when wearing it because his legs are too short for the suit . He then stuck them together and coated them with metallic red and gold paint . He even installed LED lights in the eyes and hands to give a truly authentic feel . But he says the electromagnet in Iron Man 's chest is still a work in progress . Frustratingly , Cheng says he ca n't fit into it himself because he is ` too chubby ' so he asked his nephew to act as his model . But even his nephew can only sit down when wearing it because his legs are not long enough for the suit . His younger brother also could n't wait to try on the helmet and showed it off to his friends , saying : ` This is so cool ! ' . The real thing : Iron Man , played by Robert Downey Junior , shows off his Mark III armour in the 2008 film .