Matej Vydra 's superb volley helped keep Watford on the trail for automatic promotion as they recorded a 2-0 victory over a spirited Millwall side , who sank further into relegation trouble . Millwall were on top for much of the first half but a stunning hit from Vydra saw the Hornets take in a slender advantage at half-time . Aiden O'Brien was a constant menace for the hosts - who had an early penalty shout turned down - but Watford were far too clinical , as Adlene Guedioura slotted a vital second goal shortly after the break . Matej Vydra fires home his stunning volley from the edge of the box to put Watford into the lead . Vydra is congratulated by his Watford team-mates as his goal moved the club towards automatic promotion . Millwall keeper David Forde was called into action in the first minute , doing well to deny Troy Deeney after the striker had broken the offside trap . The Lions quickly gathered momentum and despite some promising approach play - with O'Brien at the heart of much of it - failed to create any meaningful opportunities . And the home side had a legitimate penalty shout after Ben Watson bundled over of Ed Upson , as the midfielder jinked in from the right , but that went unpunished . After Watford weathered the storm , Vydra produced his moment of inspiration by volleying in from just outside the box in the 26th minute . Forde was helpless as the Czech thumped the ball into the far corner from Ikechi Anya 's cross . Millwall , playing with renewed hope of survival after a first win in 10 on Good Friday , then squandered a golden opportunity when Martyn Woolford failed to pick out O'Brien lurking unmarked two yards from goal . Adlene Guedioura celebrates in front of the travelling fans after making it 2-0 and sealing the three points . Troy Deeney , who went close early on , is tackled by Millwall 's Shaun Williams during the Championship clash . The hosts also ended the half in the ascendency as Jimmy Abdou 's scuffed shot was well saved by Heurelho Gomes . Millwall huffed and puffed as they had in the first-half , but created few chances of any note . They came closest to boosting their slim survival hopes when O'Brien robbed Matthew Connolly of possession , but Gomes saved well . In the 54th minute , Anya - as he did for Vydra 's opener - created Watford 's second . The Scottish winger combined with Troy Deeney to outfox Shaun Cummings and Sid Nelson before squaring for Guedioura , who tucked away a six-yard tap-in . Deeney dives in to stop Dan Harding getting past , as Millwall slipped closer to relegation . It was a goal that Watford 's second-half performance deserved , as they overcame Millwall 's superiority before the break to showcase the quality that puts them on the brink of the Premier League . They twice came close to adding to the lead , as first Vydra then Odion Ighalo ran free on goal . Forde managed to gather the ball at Vydra 's feet and then saved agilely from substitute Ighalo . Avoiding defeat would have equalled their longest unbeaten run of the season at four games , but the Lions more than likely need to go without a loss in all five of their remaining fixtures to stand any chance of beating the drop .