The mother of a New York City TV reporter blamed her sudden death at the age of 49 on her boss in a confrontation at the funeral , a new report has claimed . Lisa Colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in the borough of Queens on March 19 , when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness . The reporter 's mother Lois Colagrossi was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter 's boss Camille Edwards . Witnesses who overheard the allegedly awkward interaction told the New York Post 's Page Six that Mrs Colagrossi refused to hug Edwards and told her : ` You are the reason I am standing in this church ' . Scroll down for video . Blame game : The mother of WABC reporter Lisa Colagrossi -LRB- left -RRB- has allegedly blamed her sudden death by a brain aneurysm to being overworked by boss Camille Edwards -LRB- right -RRB- . Edwards went on to tell Mrs Colagrossi how hard of a worker her daughter was and how everyone at the station respected her . ` I am talking about how you worked my daughter to death , ' Mrs Colagrossi responded . Sources told the newspaper that Edwards was then shuffled away . The paper reports that Edwards is feared at the station , where she has been nicknamed ` Camevil ' . ` Camille is a bully and will target people she does n't like , most often women . Lisa 's colleagues applaud Lisa 's mom for standing up to Camille , ' a source told Page Six . Lisa Colagrossi , who lived with her husband and two sons in Stamford , Connecticut , would commute into the city each day as early as 2 am and work through the afternoon . Unexpected : Colagrossi -LRB- center -RRB- was returning from covering a house fire in Queens , New York on March 19 when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness . However , the family has denied any grudge against either Edwards or the station where Colagrossi worked . ` We are extremely thankful and blessed by all the support from Camille and the entire ABC family . Lisa always chose to work the overnight shift because it allowed her to spend the most time with her family , ' the family said in a statement . In a separate statement , WABC said : ` Camille is a tireless and compassionate champion for everyone who works here . Under her watch , we 're fortunate to have more women in leadership positions than ever before . Our thoughts and prayers are with Lisa 's family at this sad time . ' Colagrossi started at the station in 2001 , on the Sunday following the 9/11 attacks , and covered such high-profile stories as the Sandy Hook massacre . Colagrossi is a native of Ohio and had previously worked at stations in Alabama and West Virginia . A former WABC reporter , Sarah Wallace , is currently suing Edwards after she was abruptly fired after 30 years at the station .