One of America 's greatest poets was honored by the US Postal Service in a star-studded ceremony on Tuesday . Maya Angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning , which she read at Bill Clinton 's inauguration in 1993 , was issued a Forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions . First Lady Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling which gave the public a first look at the stamp , which features a picture of Angelou 's face and one of her many memorable quotes . The problem however , is that the featured quote came from another author . Scroll down for video . A quote attributed to Maya Angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the US Postal Service is actually that of another writer . The stamp was unveiled Tuesday at an event featuring First Lady Michelle Obama and Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan -LRB- above -RRB- . Maya Angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning , was issued the Forever stamp for her contributions to the arts and this country . ` A bird does n't sing because it has an answer , it sings because it has a song , ' reads the stamp , a quote that has long been attributed to Angelou , with President Obama even using the famous line as he honored the poet at the 2013 National Medal of Arts and National Humanities Medal . What 's more , The Washington Post found proof of an interview in which Angelou herself used the quote . Joan Walsh Anglund wrote in her 1967 book A Cup of Sun ; ` A bird does n't sing because he has an answer , he sings because it has a song . ' A few years before this quote first appeared though in 1969 with the publication of Angelou 's aforementioned autobiography I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings , it was used in a children 's book by another American author . Joan Walsh Anglund , now 89 , wrote in her 1967 book A Cup of Sun ; ` A bird does n't sing because he has an answer , he sings because it has a song . ' In a statement released shortly after the origin of the quote was revealed , Postal Service spokesperson Mark Saunders said ; ` The Postal Service used her widely recognized quote to help build an immediate connection between her image and her 1969 nationally recognized autobiography , ` I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings . ' Saunders later added in an email to the Post that had they been aware of this fact they would have selected another of Angelou 's famous lines . Angelou , who was born into poverty , holding down jobs as a fry cook , singer , and at one point even a prostitute , passed away last May . She was 86-years-old at the time , and had written , among other works , seven autobiographies , countless poems , and numerous scripts for theater , television and film . She also continued to teach throughout her life , spending the last four decades of her life as a professor at Wake Forest in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . As for Anglund , she seems remarkably nonplussed about the entire incident . ` I think it easily happens sometimes that people hear something , and it 's kind of going into your subconscious and you do n't realize it , ' she explained . There are no plans to remove the limited edition stamp at this time .