Having won Premier League , Serie A and La Liga titles , as well as two Champions Leagues , Jose Mourinho has coached a whole host of world class stars during his 15-year career as a manager . Here , Sportsmail picks Mourinho 's best ever XI . Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his career as a coach and his picked his ultimate XI . Goalkeeper - Petr Cech . His signature in the summer of 2004 coincided with Mourinho 's arrival in west London , and the Czech stopper has become a Chelsea stalwart . Currently out of the team due to Thibaut Courtois ' emergence , and his manager will reportedly let him leave Stamford Bridge . Petr Cech has formed himself a legendary reputation at Chelsea during 11 years at the club . Sergio Ramos - Right back . A stalwart for 10 years in Real Madrid 's defence , Sergio Ramos was a key part of Mourinho 's title-winning side in 2011-2 . Sergio Ramos has been a star at the back for Real Madrid for 10 years . John Terry - Centre back . The Chelsea captain seemingly keeps getting better under Mourinho , with major lapses in form only usually occurring when the 52-year-old is n't in charge . John Terry has captained Chelsea whenever Mourinho has been in charge at the club . Centre back - Lucio . The Brazilian beast was one of the fiercest defenders of the past decade , winning everything in the game at club and international level . And he was superb for Mourinho during their Treble-winning time together at Inter in 2010 . Lucio was one of the best central defenders of the past decade , especially during his time at Inter . Left back - Ashley Cole . A England 's greatest left back of a generation , he may not have played under Mourinho for too long , but he was still undoubtedly one of the top performers for the Blues under the Portuguese . Ashley Cole played under Mourinho during both of his stints at Stamford Bridge . Centre midfield - Michael Essien . There was a stage during Michael Essien 's peak where he was one of the best midfielders in the Premier League and the world . Even when he declined in later years , Mourinho still saw fit to bring him to Real Madrid . Midfielder Michael Essien in action during his time playing for Chelsea . Centre midfield - Frank Lampard . Another one of Mourinho 's stalwarts , was a key man with goals from midfield during a dominant first spell in charge for the Portuguese boss at Chelsea . He may have let him go last summer , but Jose obviously still loves Lampard . Frank Lampard and Jose Mourinho embrace after victory in the Champions League against Barcelona in 2005 . Left wing - Eden Hazard . They 've had their run-ins in the past , but it 's clear Mourinho has n't had many more talented players than this Belgian winger , who is firing the Blues towards the title . Hazard recently signed a new long-term deal so is clearly happy under this boss . Eden Hazard is the youngest member in this side and is firing Chelsea towards the Premier League title . Attacking midfield - Wesley Sneijder . Under Mourinho , Sneijder emerged as one of the best attacking midfielders in the world . The Dutchman was superb as Inter stormed to the Treble in 2010 , and it 's fair to say he has n't looked like the same player since they split . Wesley Sneijder playing for Inter Milan , he was a star for Mourinho during their Treble winning campaign . Right wing - Cristiano Ronaldo . What more can you say ? Ronaldo recently scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid , and flourished while working with the ` Special One ' at the Bernabeu . The Portuguese duo certainly get on . Cristiano Ronaldo enjoyed his time working with his Portuguese compatriot at the Bernabeu . Striker - Didier Drogba . Mourinho recently described Drogba as his best buy at any club , so it 's no surprise to see the Ivorian make the list . He arrived in England as a petulant forward with a lot to prove , and is now a Chelsea legend in his second spell at the club . Mourinho recently admitted Drogba was his best ever buy so it 's no surprise to see him as the striker . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .