Modelling , acting , fashion design ... is there anything Michelle Keegan ca n't do ? The star , who started out playing Tina McIntyre in Coronation Street , has launched a stellar career since leaving the cobbled streets of Weatherfield behind . The pint-sized brunette may be busy filming for her new show , as well as modelling in her new Garnier Ambre Solaire campaign , but she 's managed to fit designing a new fashion range into her hectic schedule . Scroll down for video . Michelle Keegan , who found fame on Coronation Street , has managed to fit designing a new fashion range for Lipsy into her hectic schedule . The actress and model has unveiled her stunning summer range in full - and shows off her summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals to perfection in the new shoot . Michelle , 27 , who is getting set to tie the knot with fiance Mark Wright , shows off her summer tan and enviable curves posing by a pool in the new campaign imagery to promote the range , which lands today . The designer has been chanelling her passion for fashion into Lipsy ranges for several seasons now - and her success shows no sign of abating . The former Coronation Street star , whose collections have been a stellar success for the brand , has been hard at work in the design studio to bring fans exactly what they want for the warmer months . The actress and model shows off her natural beauty posing by the ocean in the summer shoot . The designer has been chanelling her passion for fashion into Lipsy ranges for several seasons now - and says she ca n't believe how successful they 've been . The star , who says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed , also swears by LVL eyelash ` flicking ' treatments . Michelle Keegan teased fashion fans with some items from her new Lipsy range on Tuesday , and has unveiled her designs in full today . As the clothes horse shows , her new range is full of colourful print playsuits , cool crochet and lots of sophisticated lace . Speaking to FEMAIL recently , Michelle revealed the regime that keeps her fit , healthy and glowing from the inside out . Sharing her top tanning tips for a flawless faux glow as she shows off her natural beauty in behind the scenes imagery , Michelle advised : ` Always exfoliate first and not just knees and elbows , all over your body . ` Next , I moisturise all over and then use Garnier Dry Body Mist all over my body , including the underside of my arms . ' The star , who says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed , also swears by LVL eyelash treatments . LVL , which stands for length , volume and lift , flicks , curls and straightens lashes from the roots up so they appear much longer . ` It helps make my lashes darker and more voluminous , ' says Michelle of the treatment , which takes an hour and a half and lasts over two months . Michelle , 27 , has been hard at work in the design studio to bring fans exactly what they want for the warmer months to come . The designer 's success shows no sign of abating as she unveils yet another stylish range . The star also spoke about how important looking good was to her and how she takes a ` less is more ' approach to make-up . Her beauty regime is fairly minimal and she simply cleanses , tones and moisturises every day and treats herself to a facial every other week to rehydrate her skin . She swears by Simple face wipes , Origins serums and Garnier and Kiehl 's moisturisers . In terms of her diet , Michelle starts the day with scrambled egg on brown toast with tomato , followed by a high protein banana smoothie with peanut butter . For lunch , she has a turkey or chicken salad sandwich on brown bread and dinner is salad with chicken or prawn . The actress likes to snack on fruit , nuts and her favourite treat : popcorn . The star , 27 , seen in her Garnier Ambre Solaire campaign , says she 's always been a fan of the range and has been using it for years so when they asked her to work with them , she was ` over the moon ' Bodywise , Michelle says she tries to work out as much as possible and whilst there 's ` always an excuse not to go ' , she ends up feeling better after a workout . ` I 've been very busy at the moment but if I have time , I go to the gym 3-4 times per week . ' She does n't , however , do any cardio and simply sticks to weight training to tone up . ` Cardio is good for getting you sweating but it slims you down and I think it makes me look too skinny , ' she admitted . She also swears by the 8-minute abs YouTube video , which she does when she gets home from the gym . As for the future , Michelle says she ` may consider ' doing an accessories and jewellery range but for now , she 's focussing on her acting duties . ` I start filming next week for new movie , ' she revealed . ` I am also in talks for another film , so fingers crossed it will go well . '