Christian Benteke faces a substantial pay cut if his goals are not enough to keep Aston Villa in the Premier League -- but is set to attract interest should he continue his scoring streak . Whatever Villa 's Premier League status this summer , Benteke 's future will be discussed as his contract , worth £ 50,000 per week , enters its final two years and the Belgian striker has ambitions to play European football . Wolfsburg have kept tabs on Benteke since before he ruptured his Achilles 12 months ago and remain on the lookout for a striker . The wealthy German club , currently second in Bundesliga , should have funds available from Champions League money , even after their £ 42million splurge on Chelsea duo Kevin De Bruyne and Andre Schurrle . Christian Benteke celebrates his opening goal against QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday . Villa value their top scorer at £ 25million however , and even then would remain hugely reluctant to sell with manager Tim Sherwood a big fan . Randy Lerner is set to offload the club come the closed season and new owners will have their own thoughts . A hat-trick by Benteke in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers , capped by a brilliant free-kick , underlined his return to form under Sherwood . He has scored seven goals in his last five Villa games , earning the team an additional three points in the process -- the current gap to the drop zone . Benteke went on to net a hat-trick which salvaged a vital point for his side . But should Villa slip below the dreaded dotted line and out of the Premier League , Benteke is in line for an approximate 30 per cent reduction on his wages to £ 35,000 a week . The 24-year-old would look to leave Villa Park in that scenario , rather than play in the Championship , with a host of clubs likely to express interest . There is , however , no relegation release clause . Even if Villa stay in the Premier League Benteke will assess his options . Two years ago he handed in a transfer request to try to force a move to Tottenham Hotspur following his debut season in England yielding 23 goals . The arrival of Tim Sherwood at Villa Park has rejuvenated Benteke 's form in front of goal this season . He signed a new four-year deal on vastly improved terms . Last season was less successful , bringing 11 goals before serious injury struck last April ruling Benteke out of the World Cup . His form suffered on return to the side last October , and at times he cut a bereft figure starved of service under Paul Lambert 's regime . Lambert even dropped Benteke in his penultimate game in charge at home to Chelsea . Sherwood 's arrival has seen Benteke return to his best , with a goal every 87 minutes . That kind of strike rate should keep Villa up , but also alert top-flight clubs . Spurs are looking to sign young players around the £ 15million mark , though , while Liverpool would need to shift Mario Balotelli . Jack Grealish is convinced Benteke 's goals will ensure Villa 's Premier League survival this season . Benteke is comfortable with life in Birmingham and at Villa , but holds desires to play higher up the league and in continental competitions . Qualification for the Europa League is still a possibility through the FA Cup for Villa , of course . Teenage winger Jack Grealish , who started his first Premier League match against QPR , is adamant Benteke will help keep Villa safe . ` Yes , when you have Christian in the team who can score goals every game , ' he said . ` We are going to go in Saturday 's game -LRB- at Spurs -RRB- positive . 100 per cent we will stay up . '