The son of a Labour councillor who was stopped at the Turkish border and arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences has been released without charge . Waheed Ahmed , the 21-year-old son of councillor Shakil Ahmed , was accused of trying to sneak into Syria with eight of his relatives and was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week . Greater Manchester Police confirmed that six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at Birmingham Airport , two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at Manchester Airport , plus a 30-year-old man arrested in the Rochdale area , have been released without charge . Scroll down for video . Released : Waheed Ahmed , the 21-year-old son of councillor Shakil Ahmed , has been released without charge . University student Waheed , from Rochdale , Greater Manchester , and eight of his relatives - including four children ranging from a one-year-old baby to an 11-year-old - were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1 . They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border in the town of Reyhanli . Waheed was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers on April 14 . He was held at Birmingham Airport by anti-terrorism police . The following day , four of his family members - two women aged 22 and 47 , and two men aged 22 and 24 , were held at Manchester Airport after being brought back to the UK from Turkey . Late on Monday , a 30-year-old man from Rochdale was arrested . Waheed Ahmed , 21 , is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed -LRB- pictured above with Ed Miliband -RRB- . Waheed Ahmed , a university student from Rochdale , Greater Manchester was arrested at Birmingham Airport . The four children on the trip aged one , three , eight and 11 , have also been flown back to the UK . Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed arriving back at his home today bur he refused to comment on his son 's arrest . Police have said the six people arrested on suspicion of commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism have been released without charge . A force statement read : ` No evidence was uncovered to suggest any imminent threat to the communities of Rochdale or the UK . ' Waheed 's father Shakil Ahmed , a bakery delivery driver who has been pictured with party leader Ed Miliband , is a councillor in Rochdale . Earlier this month , Mr Ahmed told the Daily Mail he believed his son had been on holiday with other relatives when they were stopped . In a statement Councillor Shakil Ahmed said : ` My son is a good Muslim and his loyalties belong to Britain , so I do n't understand what he 's doing there . ` If I thought for a second that he was in danger of being radicalised , I would have reported him to the authorities . ` He 's studying a degree in politics and sociology at Manchester University and has a good future ahead of him . ' The territory on the Syrian side of the stretch of border that they were attempting to cross is controlled by the Nusra Front , the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda . Greater Manchester Police and the North West Counter Terrorism Unit began an investigation after news of the arrests emerged . Five houses , including that of Ahmed 's father , were searched as part of attempts to establish why the group apparently tried to enter Syria . Shakil refused to comment when he was contacted by MailOnline today . Waheed Ahmed was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers on April 14 .