A jealous woman in a love triangle allegedly kidnapped her lover 's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son last week - sparking an Amber Alert and a statewide manhunt across Washington for the child last week . Alyssa Marie Chang , 56 , was furious with the mother of little Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in ` compromising sexual positions , ' police say . On April 14 , she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser . She told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her , according to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer . When the woman refused , Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the Taser , according to police . Authorities say Chang then allegedly kidnapped the woman and Ronnie and took them to a home in Des Moines , Washington . Police say she bound the love rival with plastic ties and locked her in a cupboard . She then took Ronnie to another home in Fife . An Amber Alert was issued for the boy Tuesday night , after the mother managed to escape and find help . Scroll down for video . Babysitting : John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Tuesday . He says his sister dropped off the boy , saying the toddler was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to go on a date night . That same night , Truong says his sister asked him to babysit the toddler he had never met before , saying it was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to go out on a date night . She promised to pick up the boy in the morning , but she never returned and eventually stopped answering her brother 's messages . It was n't until the next day that Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online . ` I 'm eating my breakfast , I 'm checking my Facebook , all of a sudden I see this Amber Alert for this child , ' Truong recounted to KOMO . ` And it looks like this child in my bed , and I 'm like , `` Oh my God ! What 's going on ? '' ' Truong then called police to report that he was watching the boy , who they found safe , sound an unhurt at his home . Safe and sound : Truong was reading Facebook in the morning when he realized that Ronnie had been abducted from his mother . He then called police , and they picked up the boy -LRB- above -RRB- . Truong 's sister Alyssa Chang has since been arrested in connection to the bizarre kidnapping . He says the boy appeared fine the night before , enjoying a quiet night in watching movies and eating popcorn . ` He was a great kid . He did n't cry much or anything . He enjoyed my dog 's company and my children 's company , ' Tuong said . Truong says he was completely taken aback by his sister 's arrest in the bizarre kidnapping . ` I feel like she was just helping her boyfriend out and just got into this horrible situation , ' he said . ` We 're family people , this is definitely not like this . Honestly I 'm at a loss for words right now . It 's just crazy . ' In the aftermath of the incident , Chang was arrested on charges of kidnapping , assault and unlawful imprisonment and is being held on $ 250,000 bail . Nguyen later turned herself into police and was questioned for several hours . Detectives have yet to reveal a motive for the crime . ` Our detectives are currently investigating this case , ' said Sgt Mike Graddon of the Des Moines Police told King 5 . ` It 's very , very complex , and that is all the information we have at this point , but Ronnie has been found . '