It was home to a 65-year-old hoarder and her mother 's corpse for at least five years . Described by police as the ` worst we have ever seen ' , the San Francisco property was teeming with black widows , rats , feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4 . But apparently , it 's still a hot ticket . Just a week after removing the rodents , trash , and corpse , realtors have priced this San Francisco property at a cool $ 2.5 million . The 1904 Victorian build in Bay Area will be sold at a live auction by Tim Hawko of Zephyr Real Estate . Still worth it ! Property developers are expected to pay millions for this house which was made available last week after police evicted a 65-year-old hoarder and removed her mother 's five-year-old mummified corpse . With seven bedrooms and two bathrooms , the single-story property has the structure of a valuable home . And according to experts , the eerie backstory could even add to the intrigue . Kevin Birmingham , a real estate agent , told the San Francisco Chronicle it will primarily be property developers bidding for the home , in the hope that they can perform a magical turnaround . ` The people looking at hoarder houses are developers or investors , so the fact that someone passed away -- whether mummified or not -- it does n't bother them a bit , ' he said . The remains which were removed from the house on April 4 are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn , a hoarder . Neighbors told The San Francisco Chronicle the mother had not been seen for years . According to records another man , Archibald Ragin , lived at the property but died 15 years ago at the age of 101 . Carolyn , said to be a retired Pacific Bell worker , was taken to hospital after her mother 's body was removed from the house . She is now being mentally assessed . Police removed the body , believed to be that of Anna Ragin , from the property in the Richmond area of San Francisco . Authorities said the home was covered in debris , including dog feces and bottles of urine . Supervisor Eric Mar , a representative in charge of the area , told the Chronicle : ` The police captains I 've spoken with tell me this is the worst case of hoarding they have ever seen . ' He was concerned for the health and safety of the residents , but questioned how the situation in the property could have gotten to such a point . Mr Mar said : ` We certainly want seniors to stay in their communities as long as possible , but when people are n't getting adequate health care and attention , this is what happens . ` This appears to be a nightmare of what can happen when people age in place for too long , ' he added . ` We need to identify what the triggers are for the city to step in . ' He told the Daily Mail Online that he heard the body was wrapped up in a carpet and described that , from the outside , it looked like the home was abandoned . When city workers arrived to clean up the body on Wednesday , they reportedly struggled to get in the door because the house was filled with so much debris . The mess was said to have included mold and piles of trash that reached the ceiling . They were forced to call in professional workers . The Chronicle quote a firefighter saying the body was lightweight and wrapped in a blanket . It is not clear where it was discovered .