Air crash investigators have recovered more body parts from the site where MH17 fell in eastern Ukraine after the Boeing 777 was shot out of the sky nine months ago . The Dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected Russian-made BUK missile , killing all 298 passengers and crew on July 17 , 2014 . In all , 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week . Dutch and Malaysian investigators and local authorities examine debris at the MH17 plane crash site . Chilling : MailOnline 's photographer spotted the burned and torn passport of loving wife and mother Mabel Anthonysamy Soosai , 45 , one of the 298 slaughtered when MH17 was downed over Ukraine on July 17 , 2014 . Her family in Kuala Lumpur has given MailOnline permission to publish the picture . The investigators searched for body parts and debris at a location that was previously considered unsafe . The finds came several days after MailOnline revealed how possibly key evidence and personal possessions were left lying in fields so long after a crash which shocked the world . MailOnline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror . Relatives of Mabel Anthonysamy Soosai , 45 , whose husband and son were also killed , called for urgent action to clear the site , return items to bereaved families and bring those responsible for the carnage to justice . ` It broke my heart to see the picture , her passport still in the debris of the plane , ' said her brother Clement , 47 , in Kuala Lumpur . ` But thank you so much for finding it and telling us about it . ' Also spotted at the site by MailOnline were a bracelet made of beads , a pair of sunglasses , ripped clothing and random pages from guidebooks in a reminder that many of the murdered passengers were heading to Kuala Lumpur on holiday . Investigators have renewed their search for body parts and debris in eastern Ukraine this week . A vehicle carries away debris from the site of the plane crash near the village of Grabove , in self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic . Many small parts from the plane - such as controllers for the in-flight entertainment systems - were visible among MH17 's burned remains . Investigators say they were prevented from working properly in the locations where MH17 hit the ground due to fierce fighting between pro-Moscow rebels and Ukrainian military forces . The new finds of human remains were collected this week by the Dutch - working with Malaysian , Australian and Ukrainian colleagues - at a site previously inaccessible to the investigators , it was revealed . Head of the Dutch recovery mission Pieter-Jaap Aalbersberg said : ` More remains have been found in both parts of the so-called `` burn sites . '' ' Jean Fransman , spokesman for the Dutch Department of Justice , added : ` The mission was again able to recover human remains and personal effects at two sites . ' A statement said that ` personal effects were given to the members of the mission by the local population - it was jewellery ' . An investigator wheels away parts of debris from the site of the plane crash in eastern Ukraine . Grim : Alongside Mabel 's passport , many small parts from the plane - such as controllers for the in-flight entertainment systems - are visible among MH17 's charred detritus . Haunting : Personal belongings of victims are still littered around the field - and possibly crucial evidence - because the crash scene has n't been cleared nine months after the Malaysian Airways flight came down . A local official had told MailOnline how the ` smell of death ' hung over the area nine months after the crash . The latest search operation had resumed yesterday after being halted for winter , and centred around the Petropavlivka , some 10 kilometres -LRB- 6.25 miles -RRB- west of Grabove and Granovo where most of the debris fell . A local official had told MailOnline how the ` smell of death ' hung over the area nine months after the crash . Officials of the rebel Donetsk People 's Republic were also at the site during the search which will last several weeks subject to a ceasefire holding in the region . ` A group of Dutch and Malaysian experts is working in the DPR , ' said Aleksey Kostrubitskiy , local emergencies minister . ` Today 10 per cent of the area - two places where fragments had fallen and there was fire - was worked over . ` Sixteen containers of fragments have been loaded . ` Units of the -LSB- DPR -RSB- emergencies ministry will go there every day and 10 staffers of the emergencies ministry will be involved . ' The Dutch-led team was forced to leave the crash site in August amid shooting close to the crash site . Souvenir : A shot glass bought as a reminder of what should have been a jovial trip lies on the ground . A sign indicating the entrance to the site in eastern Ukraine is forbidden is displayed as Dutch and Malaysian investigators search for debris . The debris collected by the investigators will be initially sent to Kharkiv in Ukraine , before being taken to the The Netherlands . A week long recovery operation in November was delayed by fighting between separatists and Ukrainian troops . Representatives of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- have also faced acute problems accessing the crash site to secure key evidence . After a ceasefire was called in February , Dutch experts returned the following month , yet still much debris remains at the site . The debris collected by the investigators will be initially sent to Kharkiv in Ukraine , before being taken to the The Netherlands . Forensic experts in the Dutch city of Hilversum have identified bodies of 296 victims of the crash . Two victims - both from the Netherlands - remain unidentified . The probe team is due to issue its report into the crash later this year . After a ceasefire was called in February , Dutch experts returned the following month , yet still much debris remains at the site . A preliminary report in September , which apportioned no blame , said the plane ` broke up in the air probably as the result of structural damage caused by a large number of high-energy objects that penetrated the aircraft from outside ' . Kiev and the West have claimed that separatists or Russian forces , using a BUK surface-to-air missile supplied by Moscow , were responsible for the shooting down of MH17 . The Kremlin strongly refutes the charge , and senior Russian sources have claimed that a Ukrainian warplane blasted MH17 out of the sky . ` Now that we are at an advanced stage of the repatriation mission , the -LRB- criminal -RRB- investigation and prosecution will occupy a more central place , ' said Dutch Justice Minister Ard van der Steur this week . Leaks suggest that investigators suspect regular troops rather than rebels were involved in the shooting of a BUK missile , and that these soldiers ` might have changed their identities or even been executed by Russian secret service in order to hide everything ' . Moscow also denies it has ever had troops in eastern Ukraine , a claim the West finds implausible . Investigators examine the crash site of the MH17 plane , next to a sign reading ` no entrance ' Putin 's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov accuses the Western media of ignoring sightings by locals of a Ukrainian military aircraft in the vicinity of the stricken flight . Dutch broadcaster RTL reported that shrapnel collected from the crash site and tested by independent international forensic experts , including defence analysts IHS Jane 's in London , say it matched the explosive charge of a ground-to-air BUK . Alleged intercepted phone calls between rebels seem to back up the version that the plane was downed by a BUK crew using equipment smuggled in and out from Russia . If this could be proven , it would blow apart the Russian denial of involvement in eastern Ukraine quite apart from its assistance that it had nothing to do with the downing of MH17 . But as one source close to investigators said : ` It looks like key evidence and witnesses , namely the BUK missile and its crew , have been hidden deep inside Russia which is in denial over this whole episode . ` Probably the inquiry report will blame the attack on a BUK missile , but seeing anyone face justice over this crash is quite another matter . ' The dead from MH17 comprised 192 Dutch citizens -LRB- one also had U.S. citizenship -RRB- , 44 Malaysians , including the 15 crew members , 27 Australians , 12 Indonesians , ten Britons -LRB- one also had South African citizenship -RRB- , four Germans , four Belgians , three Filipinos , one Canadian and one New Zealander .