The man widely considered the leading referee in the world will be in charge of the richest fight of all time . Kenny Bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2 . The appointment will be welcomed by both camps . Referee Kenny Bayless -LRB- left -RRB- holds back Floyd Mayweather during his fight against Marcos Maidana . Bayless breaks up the tension between Mayweather -LRB- right -RRB- and Maidana during their bout in September 2014 . Manny Pacquiao conducts a training session after his morning jog in Los Angeles on Tuesday . Pacquiao is watched by a group of fans who gather to see their man in action ahead of the super-fight . Bob Arum , Pacquiao 's promoter , says : ` Bayless is the best out there . ' Bayless , a veteran of countless big fights in Las Vegas , will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the Fight of the Century in the MGM Grand Garden Arena . The Nevada State Athletic Commission , acutely aware that the officiating has to be of the highest order , given that the fight is likely to attract an audience well beyond those who usually watch boxing , have wisely put their trust in the large physical presence and unflappable personality of Bayless . Recent controversial results have put the Commission under pressure to bring in officials from outside Nevada for the mega-fights here and have made one concession in that regard . Glenn Feldman , a much respected judge from Connecticut , will be among the three wise men scoring a fight which most expect to go the 12-round distance . The two other judges are Las Vegas resident Dave Moretti and Burt Clements , from Reno . Serious consideration was given to including a judge from overseas and John Keane , a British Boxing Board Class A-star official from Wellingingborough , Northampton was thought to be the favourite . Bayless has refereed previous super fights involving Mayweather and Pacqiao . Recently , he was in charge of Mayweather 's difficult physical battle against Marcos Maidana and Pacquiao 's spectacular knock-out by Juan Manuel Marquez . He will receive $ 25,000 -LRB- £ 16,600 -RRB- for the night 's work in May , while the judges will each receive $ 20,000 -LRB- £ 13,300 -RRB- . It is still peanuts compared with the $ 180 million and $ 120 million which are the respective minimums expected to earned by Mayweather and Pacquiao but the officials are being paid somewhat more than expected . Pacquiao continues his crunches and workout in the LA park ahead of his clash with Mayweather . The first and only eight-division champions Pacquiao will face the undefeated Mayweather in Las Vegas . Bayless holds back Pacquiao -LRB- left -RRB- as he stands over Ricky Hatton during their bout in 2009 . Pacquiao -LRB- left -RRB- stands over a knocked down Hatton as Bayless begins his count during the fight in 2009 .