` You 're getting the hang of this commentary lark , ' cooed Martin Tyler during Sky Sports coverage of the Manchester derby . Tyler was , of course , one half of the commentary team that was once seen as being the best of the bunch . That other half back then being his old partner Andy Gray . Nowadays , the man in the gantry alongside him is Gary Neville . And it was his zinger after United 's fourth goal -- ` Smalling has scored . It 's a mauling for City ' -- that got the veteran lip mic man reaching for the platitudes . And perhaps cementing the new best partnership in the process ? I 'm not sure if Neville actually carries his recently won Royal Television Society Pundit of the Year award around with him ? He could probably just about squeeze the perspex trophy into his inside jacket pocket if he really fancied it , but I doubt he would because I think one thing you could never accuse Neville of being is one of the extroverts among the current batch of experts . Gary Neville in the Sky Sports studio after co-commentating with Martin Tyler for the Manchester derby . Chris Smalling is pictured scoring for Manchester United as City goalkeeper Joe Hart sees it go in . United defender Smalling was an unlikely goalscorer against City and Neville had a zinger to match it . Co-commentator Neville analysed the goal by saying : ` Smalling has scored . It 's a mauling for City ' Nevertheless , on his return to his old stamping ground with that new title attached , it was good to see him to turn it on even just a bit . And put in a performance that fitted both his newly anointed status and the magnitude of the occasion . Neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go . ` We 've got a proper game of football here , ' he extolled early on , almost licking his lips at the prospect . He was also quick to point out what he saw as the ` graveyard ' of City 's right-hand side as United punished them time and time again along the hosts ' attacking left . The razor-edged corner of tongue was saved not exclusively , but certainly frequently for Yaya Toure 's performance . Time and time again Gary found himself talking about the various patches of grass in which he felt Yaya should be but very rarely was . And when co-commentator Tyler did observe that he could see Toure finally picking up his man , Neville snorted his retort . ` That 's nice of him . ' He was in equally abrupt mood after the game when he joined Niall Quinn and Graeme Souness for what was a really sharp , incisive and no-holds-barred post-match discussion . Time and time again Neville found himself analysing Yaya Toure 's poor performance for City . Toure could do little for City as they suffered a 4-2 defeat by their great rivals United at Old Trafford . Neville -LRB- right -RRB- and Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher form a dynamic Monday Night Football duo . Here Toure carried on getting it from Gary - who referred to the ` dereliction of duty ' in his performance before adding that Yaya 's recent form was : ` Not a conundrum anymore . He can not do his job . Simple as that . ' What 's more , he was equally gobsmacked by Yaya 's team-mates ' lack of urgency when Aguero scored a late second . ` I ca n't quite work out whether to get a little bit wound up by this ? I 'm looking at their reaction . Is that right ? ' he asked . However , let 's not assume this criticism is all because Gary is simply red . On discussing City 's immediate Financial Fair Play-affected future , he made it quite clear where he stands . ` I 'm a Manchester United fan , ' he pointed out , pointlessly . ` But the last thing I want to see is Manchester City dip back down again to the second or third division because they ca n't challenge because there 's some restrictive rule in place . ` We do n't want a Real Madrid-Barcelona . We want competition . ' Neville was damning in his analysis of City and freely admits he is a United fan after his years of service . Neville was gobsmacked by the City players ' lack of urgency when Sergio Aguero -LRB- above -RRB- scored a second . This turned out to be not only the right moment , but also the right kind of game to make that point . Early in the coverage , host Ed Chamberlain told us ` the eyes of the football world ' were watching . Over shots of a touchline teeming with camera crews , he went on to inform us there were '22 broadcasters here ' and that the game was ` being beamed to over 100 . ' Sky Sports then went on to present those broadcasters with exemplary game coverage coupled with some lovely vignettes of the occasion . As well as a close up of the deep set , brooding eyes of Manuel Pellegrini that may haunt me for a fortnight . All in all , it was great coverage of a great game in a genuinely great league . As confirmed by a ton of countries , and Manchester 's own Gary Neville .