Everton manager Roberto Martinez insists the focus has to be on getting the most out of Aaron Lennon 's loan spell before thoughts even turn to a permanent deal . The Tottenham winger has been one of the more impressive performers since moving to Goodison Park in the winter transfer window . Lennon , 28 , has just four more matches to impress as he is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season and Martinez said that must be the priority for all concerned . Aaron Lennon -LRB- right -RRB- has four games remaining of his loan spell at Everton from Tottenham . Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Lennon in the time he has left at Goodison Park . Martinez said discussions about Lennon 's future will come at the end of the Premier League season . ` Aaron is enjoying his football and his contribution to the team has been significant , ' said the manager . ` He has got four games left and all I want is for him to enjoy every single second of it and make sure he enjoys the experience as much as we have benefited from his talent . ` Then , at the end of the season , will be the moment to sit down . A loan is a loan and it means that we are looking for a successful outcome out of that . ` Then , when the loan finishes , you have got a three-way conversation to see where that will take us . ` But the focus now is to see ` Azza ' enjoying his football in the next four games . ' Reports have linked Lennon with a swap deal with Toffees ' forward Kevin Mirallas come the summer , with the Belgium international 's future at Goodison uncertain after declaring in February he was looking for a new challenge . Mirallas scored on his first start since early March with the only goal against Burnley and Martinez is looking for the 27-year-old to finish the season strongly . ` Kevin is a special player for us , ' Martinez told evertontv . ` He brings a goalscoring threat that is so important in football . It 's good to see that Kevin is well over his injury now and can challenge for a place in the team . Martinez also praised the attacking talents of Kevin Mirallas -LRB- right -RRB- and rejected reports he could exit the club . Reports have linked Mirallas -LRB- right -RRB- with a switch to Tottenham with Lennon signing with Everton permanently . ` It 's great to have as many players like Kevin fit and available because it gives you different opportunities to show a threat to the opposition . ` I 'm looking forward to seeing how strong Kevin can finish the season now . '