Javier Hernandez is undroppable on current form , says Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti . The on-loan Manchester United striker made it six goals in eight games as he scored twice in Real 's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo on Sunday night . Hernandez 's double means he has now scored a goal every 83 minutes - a ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi , who nets once every 81 minutes . Javier Hernandez scored two more important goals for Real Madrid in their battle for the La Liga crown . Hernandez salutes the fans after scoring as Real moved back to within two points of Barcelona at the top . ` He 's enjoying the period that he 's in , it 's a really good one , ' said Ancelotti of Hernandez . ` The whole team worked well . If Chicharito is in this form he 's non-negotiable , like Cristiano -LSB- Ronaldo -RSB- , -LSB- Karim -RSB- Benzema , James -LSB- Rodriguez -RSB- , -LSB- Gareth -RSB- Bale , -LSB- Sergio -RSB- Ramos , Isco , -LSB- Raphael -RSB- Varane , Pepe ... I have a team of non-negotiables , but only eleven can play and the rest stay on the bench . ' Hernandez , who faces an uncertain future with doubts over whether Real will make his loan permanent and seemingly no future at Man United , says he is focusing on enjoying his football rather than where he will be playing next season . He said : ` I feel good and am enjoying the moment . I am a Real Madrid player . I 'm not sure if that will be for a long or short time so I want to make the most of the minutes I 'm given with the best team in the world . The Real Madrid players surround striker Hernandez after his first goal brought the visitors back into the lead . ` I am enjoying doing what I love most , which is playing and I want to give it my all on the pitch . I 've been taught that you can control having a good attitude and being determined . Everyone I love would tell me to continue working because all the good things would eventually transpire ' The win keeps Real two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona and Ancelotti remains hopeful that his side can catch their great rivals with five games to play . He added : ` Our objective is to force Barça to win every game . That 's what the statistics say . At this moment in time we 're not thinking about other teams , but about what we have to do . We 're doing well and we 'll try to fight for La Liga until the final day , which is our objective . '