The girlfriend of an Australian baseball player who was shot in back while jogging in Oklahoma appeared in court on Thursday and faced his suspected killer as the prosecution rested their case . Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013 . He was born in Melbourne , Australia , but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him . The couple had returned from a trip to Australia just two days earlier . Scroll down for video . Sarah Harper -LRB- pictured left walking into court on Thursday -RRB- was in a relationship with Christopher Lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013 . The couple had returned from a trip to Australia just two days before he was gunned down while out jogging . Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him , claiming that only a ` miracle ' would have saved the talented sportsman . Lane 's mother Donna Lane , wiped tears from her face when prosecutors showed jurors a photo of the bloody T-shirt her son was wearing . Prosecutors told the court that 104 bullets were found in the car involved in the drive-by shooting . All of them were live rounds . According to The Oklahoman Yacoub testified in the first-degree murder trial that the bullet fired at Lane was small , but caused severe damage . He said : ` Despite being small , it damaged vital structures and caused significant bleeding , ' Yacoub told jurors , striking two major blood vessels , puncturing both lungs and breaking two ribs . The prosecution rested following Yacoub 's testimony . Defense attorneys acknowledge that Luna fired the fatal shot but say he was only trying to scare Lane , a native of Melbourne , Australia , who was in Oklahoma on a college baseball scholarship . Lane was about to start his senior year at East Central University in Ada and was in Duncan visiting his girlfriend . Luna is not expected to testify and the defense indicated it may call just one witness , Luna 's mother , Jennifer . She took to the stand and was asked only one question by defense attorneys : ` Do you love your son ? ' To which she replied : ` Yes . ' He was born in Melbourne , Australia , but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna -LRB- pictured walking into court on Thursday -RRB- allegedly murdered him . Donna Lane -LRB- left -RRB- and her husband , Peter -LRB- right -RRB- , parents of Australian baseball player Chris Lane walk into court . Mrs Lane broke down in tears when the court was shown images of the bloody t-shirt her son was wearing when he was shot dead . Outside court she said that she does n't believe her son is guilty , despite his attorneys ' comments to the jury . ` Those are court-appointed lawyers . If I had the money to get a real lawyer , it would n't go this way , ' Jennifer Luna sad . ` If my son did it , it was n't on purpose . It was n't meant to be . My son would never intentionally try to hurt somebody at all . ' The teenager faces life in prison either with or without the possibility of parole if convicted of first-degree murder . Defense attorneys plan to ask that the jury be allowed to consider second-degree murder in the case , which carries a prison term of 10 years to life in prison . Closing arguments and the start of jury deliberations are expected on Friday . Luna 's mother , Jennifer -LRB- pictured sitting outside the courttoom on Thursday -RRB- , claims her son did not mean to kill Lane ` on purpose ' and claims he is innocent . Jim Berry , Luna 's defense attorney , sits in court -LRB- right -RRB- .