I 've been out injured for a whole year now , but I 'm finally on the verge of a return to regular training . It 'll be such a relief after such a long time out . I 'm actually in my last week of rehab at the moment , then I 'll transfer to normal training and introduce more cycling into my routine . The year has been so mentally and physically tough , but now I can finally look forward . Sportsmail 's Road to Rio cyclist Becky James is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries . James , pictured during a fashion shoot in Manchester , has been sidelined for a whole year . British cyclist James supported boyfriend George North during Wales ' Six Nations campaign . The most frustrating thing was that one moment I 'd be completely fine on the bike , then the next I would be in a lot of pain . This happened a lot during my training up in Manchester , so in October we all sat down and decided the best thing was to send me to Bisham Abbey rehabilitation centre . They had everything I needed there -- physios , masseurs , coaches -- and they did such a great job getting me better up until I left there three weeks ago . Of course , if I did n't have my National Lottery funding I would n't be able to go through all this . It 's so great that , despite my injury , they carried on supporting me the whole time . You 'd think that , with 12 months away from the bike , I 'd have plenty of time to myself . But in reality , I never thought I 'd be out for that long -- I kept having setbacks after thinking I was about to return so I could n't stop and enjoy myself . Obviously , there was the stress of being injured as well -- but my puppy Lola helped me with that ! I did , however , see plenty of the Six Nations , which I do n't usually get to do because it clashes with my season . Though being at the Millennium Stadium for the opening loss to England was n't great -- you can imagine how my boyfriend George North took it . All in all , this injury could have made or broken me . There were many times I thought I was losing the battle , but I worked through any doubts I had . I have learnt a lot about myself in the last year -- both as an athlete and a person -- and I believe the whole experience will benefit me in the long run . Right now , with Rio 2016 on the horizon , I 'm more motivated than ever . As well as funding the Road to Rio athletes , every week National Lottery players raise over £ 33 million for arts , heritage , charity , community projects and grass roots sports clubs and facilities . Find out where your money goes at lotterygoodcauses.org.uk .