Liverpool 's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the FA Cup rather than Steven Gerrard , according to Reds legend Robbie Fowler . Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy and the skipper is hoping to bow out in style by leading Brendan Rodgers ' side to the final at Wembley . But ahead of Wednesday night 's quarter-final replay with Blackburn , Fowler has warned Gerrard 's team-mates not to concentrate on providing the 34-year-old with a fairytale ending to his Liverpool career . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard -LRB- right -RRB- trains alongside Rickie Lambert at Melwood on Monday . Gerrard will miss Liverpool 's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn because of suspension . Reds legend Robbie Fowler , pictured with Kenny Dalglish , says Liverpool 's players must not focus on Gerrard . Fowler told goal.com : ` Everyone would absolutely love Steven to win it , what with this being his last season and possibly last game , and hopefully that will be the case . ` But Liverpool have got to get themselves into the position where they ca n't do this just for Steven Gerrard . They 've got to do it for every individual involved with the club . That 's the way it should be . ' Gerrard will miss the trip to Ewood Park as he serves the second match of a three-game suspension and Fowler hopes that Jordan Henderson and Co put their missing captain to the back of their minds . ` If you put too much effort in for one man , maybe you can get a little bit too excited or overboard , ' added Fowler . ` As much as it would be Steven 's last game , they 've got to get past that and just do it for themselves . ` In an ideal world , they 'll do it , and no-one would love it more than me . Steven deserves to go out on a high but they 've got to do it for themselves . It 's not all about Steven . ' Fowler has also urged Raheem Sterling to end his contract wrangle and commit his future to the club after he rejected a new deal worth £ 100,000-a-week . Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £ 100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield . Fowler believes Sterling , pictured training on Monday , should stay at Liverpool to develop his game . Writing in his column for the Daily Mirror , Fowler said : ` I think it 's nonsense to suggest Sterling will have to go elsewhere to win trophies and fulfil all these dreams he 's apparently got . ` In the space of two seasons , with a very , very young team that will only get better , they should have won the league , should have beaten Chelsea in a semi to get to Wembley ... and should play in an FA Cup Final there in May . ` I was brought up at Anfield and still work there , so what else am I going to think ? , but he 'd be crazy to go at this stage in his development , especially because he 's being guided by a special manager who has already turned Luis Suarez into one of the best players in the world ... and earned Luis the money to go with that status . '