Arrest : Tabitha Bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight . A mother set up a fight between her 13-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old girl , drove her child to meet her and then encouraged them to brawl , according to police . Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in New Port Richey , Florida . Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , Pasco County Sheriff 's officials said . She is accused of sending a Facebook message to the older girl on April 12 and telling her that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl , according to an affidavit . She claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter . Bennett allegedly drove her daughter to the area near Moog Street and Colonial Hills Drive and left the car holding a folding knife . ` The 14-year-old victim advised she thought she was going to die when she saw the defendant with the knife , ' Detective William Orndorff wrote in his report . Bennett allegedly encouraged her daughter to fight the girl , yelling at her , ` Get on top of her ' and ` kick her a ** ' , according to police . ` The defendant 's daughter was losing the fight at which time the defendant kicked the 14-year-old female on her upper left side and pulled her to the ground by her hair , ' the affidavit said . Scene : She allegedly met the girl at this corner in New Port Richey before yelling at her daughter to fight . Her teenage daughter then climbed on top of the girl and continued to fight her , according to the report . The fight lasted about a minute , according to the affidavit , and afterwards , two bystanders posted footage of the brawl to social media . When questioned by police , Bennett allegedly admitted to encouraging the fight but denied kicking the girl - saying she may have kicked her own daughter instead , according to the affidavit . Bennett was released from jail Sunday on $ 10,500 bail . It was unclear Monday whether she had retained an attorney who could be reached for comment .