Chaos broke out this afternoon at an airport in Kathmandu as hundreds of Indian nationals fought to return home to safety following the devastating earthquake in Nepal . As rescue efforts continued throughout the Nepalese capital , more than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city . Despite plummeting temperatures and rain , crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night . Scroll down for video . Indian nationals fight for positions in the queue outside Tribhuwan International Airport as they try to return home following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake in Nepal . As rescue efforts continued throughout the Nepalese capital , more than 1,000 passengers formed a one kilometre-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city . Despite the plummeting temperatures and rain , crowds had started to form outside the building late last night . Even more passengers flocked to the airport this morning , including families huddled together beneath blankets . Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India . Others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled . As the departure lounges grew busier , security guards were unable to control the sheer number of passengers vying for a coveted place in the queue . The airport 's parking lot was converted into a makeshift waiting area to accommodate travellers . Mohammad Pervez , one of the passengers outside the airport , told NDTV : ` There is no water here or food . I have been sitting with my wife and child since early morning . We just want to get back home to India now . ' Lu Hee , who was playing cards with friends in the waiting area , said : ` I had come only two days ago . But now , I want to head back to my home in Tibet . A tourist sits with scores of other passengers who are trying to get a flight out of Kathmandu in the aftermath of the quake . Crowds formed in the departure lounges as passengers waited for information . Many people had booked flights for later in the day but were hopeful on leaving the country on an earlier flight . But she added : ` I do n't mind waiting here . At least I am thankful for being alive . ' The earthquake , which struck on Saturday , came at a busy time of year , with an estimated 300,000 foreign tourists in the country . The economy of Nepal , a nation of 27.8 million people , relies heavily on tourism , principally trekking and Himalayan mountain climbing . The death toll has already hit 2,500 people , with the historic city Kathmandu - and all its famous sites - now reduced to rubble . The Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu had been briefly shut down yesterday due to a powerful aftershock from the 7.9 magnitude quake . According to reports , the impact was so great that planes had to turn around mid-flight . The airport in Kathmandu was briefly shut down due to a powerful aftershock from the 7.9 magnitude quake . Today , Indian soldiers arrived with supplies to Tribhuwan International Airport following the quake . India 's budget SpiceJet said it was forced to recall its plane to New Delhi after the air traffic control centre at Kathmandu 's airport was evacuated . Meanwhile , two Air India flights - carrying 135 and 45 passengers - were also turned back after the evacuation on the ground , according to the Press Trust of India news agency . The Indian Air Force evacuated several hundred stranded tourists but commercial flights were resumed just one hour later . The temporary shutdown highlights the difficulty facing Nepal 's authorities , who are struggling to rescue and treat thousands of people in the capital . As well as killing more than 2,000 people nationwide , the quake toppled whole buildings and ripped apart roads and other infrastructure , cutting off electricity and communication networks .