Arsene Wenger says that Arsenal will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title -- but maintains that they will be ready if Chelsea slip . Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at home with goals from Hector Bellerin , Mesut Ozil , Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud and are seven points behind Chelsea , with the Premier League leaders having to visit The Emirates in two weeks ' time -- although Jose Mourinho 's team still have a game in hand . And Wenger says his team have to focus on winning every game in order to be ready for any setbacks that Chelsea may suffer . Arsene Wenger is not letting his team get ahead of themselves despite an excellent win on Saturday . Hector Bellerin celebrates after putting Arsenal 1-0 ahead against Liverpool in the first half on Saturday . ` If the opportunity presents itself , we will have to be perfect and Chelsea have to be not perfect , ' said Wenger . ` The only thing which we can master is to be perfect . Chelsea have a difficult programme and so do we . ` We want to keep the momentum -- win , win , win and win again . We know the top four is in our hands now . The title is not in our hands . We are looking up , but we are looking at our next game because that is all we can control . What we can master mathematically is the top four . Let 's focus on what we can master -- our own performance . ' Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised Raheem Sterling , despite Liverpool 's heavy defeat . Liverpool won their penalty after Sterling -LRB- top -RRB- was fouled by Bellerin -LRB- bottom -RRB- in the second half . But Wenger insisted that the performance against Liverpool demonstrated that had they not be hampered by injuries and the late return of World Cup winners Ozil and Per Mertesacker , then they would have been closer to Chelsea in the table . ` We have moved forward , ' he said . ` We missed important players at the start of the season when we dropped too many points . When you look at the points we 've made since everyone is back , I believe that shows you we have the quality to fight at the top . ' Mesut Ozil scored a glorious second for Arsenal with a sumptuous free-kick on 40 minutes . Meanwhile , it has emerged that Liverpool must give Raheem Sterling 's first club , QPR , up to £ 15 million of the profits if they sell the 20-year-old . The winger , who has controversially put contract talks on hold at Anfield , has admitted that he has been flattered to be linked with Arsenal . Liverpool agreed a 25 percent sell-on clause with QPR when they signed Sterling in 2010 as a 15-year-old for £ 500,000 . It means QPR would be entitled to £ 12.375 m if Sterling is sold for £ 50m and is seen as an important reason why Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is keen to keep the talented winger . Alexis Sanchez celebrates after netting the Gunners third on the stroke of half-time at the Emirates . Olivier Giroud -LRB- right -RRB- added a late fourth with a brilliant strike to complete the scoreline for the Gunners .