Jamie Carragher says Mike Ashley has turned Newcastle United into a ` boring ' club and has accused the billionaire owner of only being interested in making money . His words are sure to resonate with supporters who boycotted Sunday 's 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs -- a sixth straight loss which equals their worst-ever run in the Premier League . Before the game fans gathered outside the Gallowgate End and were united in choruses of ` We 're rich but our team is s *** ' and ` Where 's the money gone ? ' in protest at Ashley 's running of the club , which this month returned record profits of £ 18.7 million and later revealed they have £ 34m sat in the bank . Mike Ashley has been accused of making Newcastle a ` boring ' club because he only wants to make money . Carragher , too , is alarmed at what has become of Newcastle . ` I can understand why fans are frustrated , ' said the Sportsmail columnist in his punditry role on Sky Sports . ` It 's getting to the stage now , football is so big and there 's that much money coming in to the game with the new TV deal , I am sick of owners coming in who are successful business people wherever they 've been . They think `` Where else can I make money ? Oh a football club '' . ` I 've had it at my own club Liverpool with George Gillett and Tom Hicks and it 's the same at Newcastle . Jamie Carragher slammed the chairman and says he 's alarmed at the state Newcastle are currently in . ` People will say as supporters you 've got to come back , you 've got to get behind your team . But what are the owners doing for supporters ? ` Since Mike Ashley 's been here they 've been relegated once and they could be relegated once again . ` So he 's balanced the books - he 's made money because he 's a businessman - but I think of these people and wonder , `` Do n't you want to be excited yourself ? '' . ` I 'm getting bored by Newcastle . When you watched them over the years there was madness , there was excitement , stupid goals going in one end and then the other , but it was exciting . ` Now it 's boring . Why does Mike Ashley want the club if there 's nothing happening ? There 's no cup run , I just do n't get it . I do n't get why he wants to own a football club . ' Meanwhile , former Sunderland chairman Niall Quinn says Ashley must try to reconnect with the club 's fans . Thousands of fans chose to boycott the Tottenham game in protest of Mike Ashley 's tenure at the club . Some fans that did go to St. James ' Park showed their disgust in the stadium with banners and posters . There was blocks of empty seats where fans chose not to attend the 3-1 loss to the London side . ` I think you 've got to get the balance right . It 's not just about making money , ' he said . ` Early on in his tenure here he was getting criticism and he made his mind up he was doing it his way and he did n't care what the fans thought . And that is something that just does n't work . ` Sunderland fans will resent me for saying this , but the Geordie fans have been through everything with this football club , and for them to stay away and not watch a game of football at this club - that hurts . It tells of the disconnect and it has to be resolved . ` To reconnect has to be the best way forward . ' Thousands of posters were created by Ashleyout.com and passed around the city prior to the game .