She became a model at the tender age of 14 . And after achieving global success as one of the world 's most famous supermodels , Gisele Bundchen took one last strut down the catwalk on Wednesday . The 34-year-old beauty - who has announced she 's retiring from the runway - was seen walking for Colcci during S達o Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil , wearing a selection of summery ensembles . Scroll down for video . Her swan song : Gisele Bunchen sashayed down the catwalk for the last time at S達o Paulo Fashion Week on Wednesday . It 's goodbye : A teary-eyed Gisele shared this photo on Instagram revealing the experience of walking the catwalk for the last time and the rousing send-off she received had left her speechless . The Brazilian mother of two , who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady , has said she wants to spend more time with her family but has also vowed to continue working in the industry . Gisele made her big entrance with the lights dimmed - apart from the glow of a neon Colcci logo behind her - and launched down the catwalk to the beat of an uptempo indie-rock track . The mother-of-two sizzled in a pretty white embroidered halterneck dress along with some black knee-high gladiator-style boots . Her golden blonde tresses were styled into her signature beachy waves and her make-up palette was natural with a nude lip . One more turn : The mother-of-two sizzled in a white embroidered halterneck dress with knee-high gladiator boots as she modeled for Colcci . Sexy shoulders : Gisele appeared to be wearing a black multi-strap bra under the frock . Colcci Spring 2016 Dress . Check out Colcci 's current line here . Visit site . After 20 years of striding with pride , Giselle Bundchen finishes her runway career at Colcci , a Brazilian fashion brand , in a stunning sheer white halter neck dress . This kind of dress is a must have for summer . Throw it over a bikini for the beach or style it just like the runway over a black cage bra and gladiator heels for the ultimate rocker boho music festival look . Colcci style is heavily influenced by street wise clothing , with a hint of hip hop culture as well as Mexican folk art . They have one store in New Jersey and they 're a hard brand to find online . Not to worry , if you 're not heading to Brazil anytime soon , we found several sheer breezy dresses that will have you ready for your summer entrance . The Free People one is under $ 100 and our favorite pick . Isabel Marant Eyelet Serena sundress at Barneys . Visit site . Free People Eyelet slip dress . Visit site . Free People Dress in Lace with Cold Shoulder Detail at Asos . Visit site . Motel Anderson Halterneck Knit Dress at Asos . Visit site . Showstopper : Gisele made her big entrance to the beat of an uptempo indie-rock track and the lights dimmed . Stunning : The 34-year-old showed off her yoga-honed limbs in the designer wear . Golden goddess : Ms Bundchen 's golden skin tone popped next to the delicate white fabric of her baby doll style dress . International catwalk star : The Brazilian beauty has enjoyed a career spanning 20 years has announced she is now retiring from the runway . Supportive : The model 's NFL star husband Tom Brady was watching proudly from the audience . Another outfit featured a silk white and orange striped sundress which she teamed with a nude version of the same toeless boot . Supporting her from the sidelines was Tom Brady , as well as many of her family members including her parents Vania and Valdir . The 37-year-old athlete took to Facebook to write a loving message for his wife of five years . ` Congratulations Love of my Life , you inspire me every day to be a better person . I am so proud of you and everything you have accomplished on the runway . I have never met someone with more of a will to succeed and determination to overcome any obstacle in the way . ` You never cease to amaze me . Nobody loves life more then you and your beauty runs much deeper then what the eye can see . I ca n't wait to see what 's next . I love you . # GOAT # thebestisyettocome . ' She 's a pro : Gisele was also seen in a delicate orange and white striped frock with nude boots . Supermodel credentials : The wife of Tom Brady oozed sex appeal as she made her turn at the end of the runway . End of an era : Gisele was the perfect model for the Colcci 2016 Summer collection . Strike a pose : The model displayed her expert moves that are no doubt second nature to her after her 20-year career . Celebrating her : At the end of the show the bronzed beauty was joined by the other models who sported white T-shirts with images of the supermodel . Effortlessly cool : Gisele flashed her toned tummy in a cropped white sleeveless T-shirt and ripped jeans . Family affair : Also watching from the audience was Gisele 's parents Vania and Valdir as well as her sister Gabriela . At the end of the show Gisele made one last appearance and was joined by all the other models to take a bow at the end of the runway . They all sported white T-shirts bearing the chiseled face of Gisele herself . Gisele flashed her toned tummy as she raised her arms to cheer alongside her catwalk crew and looked emotional as she bid farewell to the catwalk . Before she took to the spotlight on Wednesday , Gisele sipped on a cocktail while backstage of the show . ` Almost ready , ' the supermodel captioned an image of her holding a giant piece of fruit with a straw in it as she got ready in her dressing room . Earlier in the day the Vogue staple posted a shot to Instagram as a fresh-faced 14-year-old , writing : ` I am grateful that at 14 , I was given the opportunity to start this journey ' . Grateful : The blonde beauty acknowledged the audience at the end of the show . That 's all folks : Gisele jumped for joy as she was joined by the rest of the genetically blessed catwalk crew . Final fling : Her own T-shirt appeared to show the health-fanatic bending over backwards in one of her yoga poses . Stealing the show : The 5 ' 11 '' star playfully pulled out the hem of her dress . She ca n't stop smiling ! Gisele cheerfully posed alongside designer Adriana Zucco before the show . A household name the world over , Bundchen rivals soccer legend Pele for the status of Brazil 's most internationally famous citizen , and her meteoric rise from a middle-class family in a small , rural town to superstar is the stuff of modeling legend . When the iconic model announced at the weekend that she would walk her final catwalk on this week in Brazil , it marked the end of an era on the catwalk . On Wednesday she told her followers : ` Today after 20 years in the industry it is a privilege to be doing my last fashion show by choice and yet still be working in other facets of the business . #firstrunway # 14yearsold . ' First look at her last hurrah : Later an image of the wife of Tom Brady was seen on the carpet . Gisele appeared to be wearing a lacy white Baby Doll dress with black straps . Flashback : Gisele posted a fresh-faced snap aged 14 to her Instagram account on Wednesday after announcing her retiremen . Sexy : Gisele has been called the last remaining true supermodel by Claudia Schiffer and Naomi Campell , pictured at the Victoria 's Secrets Secret fashion Show in New York in 2003 . The 5ft 11in Amazon told a Brazilian newspaper : ` Automatically my body tells me if what I do is worth it , and it asked to stop . ' She told the Folha de S達o Paulo newspaper : ` I respect my body , it 's a privilege to be able to stop . ' B端ndchen continued : ` I do n't see how to continue -LSB- modeling on the catwalk -RSB- ... and stopping will leave room for other projects I have for myself . ' She was born and raised along with five sisters , including a fraternal twin , in the southern state of Rio Grande do Sul , a center of German immigration to Brazil . Bundchen was discovered by a modeling agency at age 14 and she came in second place in a nationwide modeling contest , before moving to New York to work the fashion runways there . By age 20 , she 'd become a fashion sensation , her freckled face and flowing dirty blond locks gracing the cover of top fashion magazines worldwide and her unique combination of legginess and curves causing a sensation during her runway appearances . Bundchen 's success with her healthy good looks was heralded as marking the end of the sickly skinny and bedraggled `` heroin chic '' look that had dominated runways for years . The Brazilian beauty was one of the Victoria 's Secret Angels from 2000 until mid-2007 . On the catwalk , the leggy supermodel pioneered the ` horse walk ' , a stomping movement created when a model picks her knees up high and kicks her feet out in front . However , the IMG model plans to continue with her numerous print and commercial campaigns . Running out : The Brazilian announced her retirement on Saturday marking the end of an era on the catwalk , pictured at the Victoria 's Secrets show in 2002 . According to Forbes , Gisele is worth $ 386 million and has amassed $ 47 million in the last year alone , thanks to her lucrative campaigns for Chanel , Under Armour , Pantene , h & m , Carolina Herrera , and more . That amounts to her pocketing $ 128,000 a day - dwarfing Linda Evangelista who famously declared she would n't get out of bed for less than $ 10,000 . The highest-paid supermodel for the last ten years , she plans to publish a coffee table book and appear in a documentary on her life . Forbes list her as the 89th most powerful woman in the world . She ventured into acting and appeared in fashion flick The Devil Wears Prada in 2006 . From 2000 to 2005 , Gisele was in a relationship with actor Leonardo DiCaprio . She married NFL star Brady in 2009 . The New England Patriots quarterback says he has no plans of his own to retire . The 6ft4in athlete told the Salesforce World Tour - according to the Boston Herald : ' -LSB- Boston -RSB- is where my kids were born , where they 'll be raised . I 'll be a lifer here . ' The attractive power couple share son Benjamin , 5 , and daughter Vivian , 2 , and Brady has a son Jack , 7 , with ex-partner Bridget Moynahan . Trend-setter : On the catwalk , the leggy supermodel pioneered the ` horse walk ' , a stomping movement created when a model picks her knees up high and kicks her feet out in front . High-profile romance : From 2000 to 2005 , Gisele was in a relationship with actor Leonardo DiCaprio , pictured at the Oscars in 2005 . Lady in red : She married NFL star Brady in 2009 , pictured together at MOMA in New York in 2011 .