A Boston father of two died 11 days after he was brutally beaten during an ` unprovoked attack ' inside of a bar late last month . Keith Boudreau , 42 , of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar . Officials said he died from his injuries . Paul Fahey , 43 , allegedly beat Boudreau for just staring in his direction , according to court documents . He was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on Monday , according to My Fox Boston . Scroll down for video . A father of two sons died from injuries , official said , following a March 23 attack where he was brutally beaten -LRB- above , Keith Boudreau pictured -RRB- . Boudreau , 42 , was pronounced dead on Friday morning and a vigil was held from him in the evening at the location opposite of where he was attacked . Paul Fahey -LRB- above -RRB- , 43 , reportedly beat Boudreau for just staring in his direction during the ` unprovoked attack ' , according to court documents . ` Completely unprovoked , this defendant went over to the victim , punched him in the face , and then while the victim was lying on the ground , stomped on his head , he also then took the victim and dragged him on the hard floor of the bar , dragged him through the bar and out to a back alleyway where he left him , ' said Assistant District Attorney Craig Kowalski reports NECN . On Wednesday , Fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges , and pleaded not guilty . However , the Norfolk District Attorney 's office said Friday following Boudreau 's death that they are seeking to arraign Fahey again and charge him with murder on Monday morning , according to CBS . During the incident last month , Fahey was sitting at the bar when he was unprovoked and got up and hit Boudreau , who had just walked in and was knocked unconscious . Boudreau was punched and stomped on the head before being dragged out of Home Ice Sports Bar -LRB- above -RRB- in Quincy , witnesses told police . Police said surveillance footage showed Fahey , who according to court documents is a member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club , dragging the unconscious body out of a back door before he met two men . Fahey was arrested last Thursday following the attack after a witness identified him , but was scared for his life due to Fahey 's reputation as a ` dangerous person ' , according to the Patriot Ledger . When he was taken into custody , police found a five-inch sheath knife along with several other smaller knives in the door console of his car . He now also faces a charge of carrying a dangerous weapon . Boudreau was fighting for his life at Massachusetts General Hospital and was taken off life support on Monday . Boudreau 's family released a statement earlier this week saying that he was not expected to live . ` First of all , we want to thank everyone who has reached out and shown their support and love , ' the family said reports the Boston Globe . ` Keith is a loving , caring son , father , and brother . ` He has two wonderful boys , 15 and 8 , whom he loves very much . And they think the world of him . ' The family also said in the statement released on Wednesday : ` Keith is the kindest person . Even on his worst days , he is kinder than most . He would not hurt a person . He just did n't have it in him . ' A vigil was held for Boudreau on Friday evening on the lawn of the Crane Library in Quincy Square , which is opposite of where he was attacked . Fahey is currently held without bail and is expected to appear in court on April 30 .