A mother-of-one has revealed how she overcame anorexia and depression by becoming a bodybuilder . Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago after a lengthy battle with depression and body dysmorphia . She had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts - and at just 6st , she was deemed clinically underweight . Scroll down for video . Kira Hollis weighed just 6st at the time doctors diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder -LRB- left -RRB- . Now a healthy 9.5 st -LRB- right -RRB- , she reveals how bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome depression . Doctors had ordered the 27-year-old , from Tamworth , Staffordshire , to go to the gym to gain some weight . The 27-year-old , from Tamworth , Staffordshire , was ordered by doctors to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight . There , she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer . Now a healthy 9.5 st , Ms Hollis says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her the confidence to overcome her depression . She said : ` Doctors pushed me to go the gym so I could put weight on but it did so much more than that . ` It was something to focus on : for the first time in my life I had a real hobby . Working out has completely changed my life . It 's given me focus and purpose . Ms Hollis says her six-year-old daughter Olivia -LRB- pictured together -RRB- also helped her with her recovery . Ms Hollis was also helped by the Cherry Orchard Clinic in Tamworth and medication from her doctor . ` I 'm still on medication but I could n't be happier . I work hard , I 've got a lovely little girl and a wonderful boyfriend . ' Ms Hollis 's six-year-old daughter Olivia has been a huge help in her recovery as well as her boyfriend Michael Dennis , 27 , has supported the pair after Olivia 's father left shortly after Ms Hollis found out she was pregnant . She said : ` It was a really difficult time for me and my family . I was a mess and I was lashing out at myself but I 've come a long way since then . ' ` Olivia 's been an absolute star . Having her around changed my mind-set and made me realise life was n't just about me . ` It gave me a bit of perspective and looking after her had to take priority . ' Ms Hollis was also helped by the Cherry Orchard Clinic in Tamworth and medication from her doctor . Ms Hollis -LRB- pictured around the time of her diagnosis -RRB- said : ` I 'm still on medication but I could n't be happier ' Ms Hollis , a former model , started a college course in gym instruction after she started visiting The Fitness Hub in Tamworth three years ago . The former model started a college course in gym instruction after she started visiting The Fitness Hub in Tamworth three years ago . And her story went viral after she uploaded a video online , which has now been more than two million times . She said : ` It 's been amazing , and so many people have been sharing their story . ` People from all over the world have seen it , from Australia , America , New Zealand and Spain . It has been really heart-warming to see so many people affected by it . ' Ms Hollis , who recently won a bronze medal at a regional Strongest Woman competition , has also set up a Facebook support group for people with mental illness to share her experience .