Elena Udrea , pictured , is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government . A glamorous Romanian politician who finished fourth in the country 's presidential election has been charged with accepting bribes and abusing her power while a government minister by anti-corruption police . Elena Udrea , 41 , was investigated over claims during her time as the country 's tourism minister that she had accepted bribes worth an estimated £ 1.3 million . She was indicted along with seven other people , including the country 's former economy minister Ion Ariton , who was charged with abuse of power . Prosecutors in Bucharest revealed details of the investigation . Romania is regarded as one of the most corrupt countries in the European Union . Udrea , who is a lawyer , has strenuously denied the claims against her . She is a close ally of former president Traian Basescu . Prosecutors allege that Udrea and a number of her associates sought money from private firms in exchange for guarantees that they would be paid promptly for public projects . The centrist politician is accused of accepting cash in Romanian leu as well as euros worth an estimated £ 1.3 million . She claims the charges against her are politically motivated and accuses the anti-corruption prosecution agency of being linked to the secret service . Recent corruption cases have shown mayors , city councillors as well as other politicians requiring a kick-back to secure lucrative contracts . Prosecutors claim that Udrea used some of the cash to finance the political party she was involved with . It is also claimed that Udrea used 8.1 million leu , worth £ 1.3 million of money belonging to a regional development ministry to fund a private boxing event under the pretext of buying tourism advertising for Romania . Ariton , who is now a senator , is accused of convincing ten state-owned companies to sponsor the private event for 1.7 million leu , worth £ 276,000 . Under Romanian law , state-owned industries are not allowed to sponsor private events . Ariton also denies any wrongdoing . Udrea was the minister of tourism between 2008 and 2009 and also the minister of regional development and tourism between 2009 and 2012 . In her last position , she administered a yearly budget of £ 2.37 billion . One-time Romanian presidential candidate Elena Udrea , pictured , is accused of taking bribes . The 41-year-old former tourism minister is also accused of abusing her position in government . Udrea , centre , has strongly denied any wrongdoing and accuses anti-corruption officials of being biased .