Not one but two fast food eateries have announced major menu shake-ups , both in an apparent attempt to attract a new sort of crowd . Burger King , which has launched its summer menu , has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie , while Pret A Manger has gone the whole hog and started serving sit-down dinners with wine . The British sandwich chain 's new concept is called ` Good Evenings ' , and runs from 6 pm until 11 pm every night , but only -LRB- for now -RRB- at its branch on The Strand in London . Wining and dining : Pret A Manger 's new concept -LRB- pictured -RRB- is called ` Good Evenings ' , and runs from 6 pm until 11 pm every night , but only -LRB- for now -RRB- at its branch on The Strand in London . Pret A Manger , which up until now has been solely a breakfast and lunch operation , allows customers to order at the tills but be served at tables decked out in smart crockery and silverware . Diners can enjoy their meals along with a selection of wines and craft beers as atmospheric jazz wafts from the speakers . Chef Nick Sandler told The Evening Standard : ` If -LSB- customers -RSB- come in and say `` we 're in a real hurry we 've only got 20 minutes '' because they are going to the theatre we tell them they 've got plenty of time to order , sit down and have their meal . ` But equally if someone 's got a bit longer to have a glass of wine and spend an hour with us that 's fine as well , we 're pretty relaxed about it . ' Newcomers : Burger King , which just launched its summer menu , has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie -LRB- right -RRB- . Grub : Burger King 's new Party in the Park menu consists of three new burgers , the Mushroom Swiss Steakhouse , the Pulled Pork BBQ Whopper and the Ciabatta Chicken Tendercrisp -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Evening dishes , which largely feature on Pret 's lunch menu anyway , include spicy meatballs , flat breads and dips , and baked falafel , as well as Korean BBQ pulled pork and mac ` n ' cheese . Burger King 's new Party in the Park menu consists of three new burgers : the Mushroom Swiss Steakhouse , the Pulled Pork BBQ Whopper and the Ciabatta Chicken Tendercrisp . Alongside its new Chicken Fries - essentially chip-shaped fried chicken - the fast-food joint is serving three new frozen drinks : the Frozen Lemon Limeade , the Frozen Cherry Berry Lemonade and the aforementioned Pina Colada Smoothie - which is alcohol-free . It comes shortly after Nando 's announced its most extensive menu update yet , with new options including its Quinoa Salad , a ` Fino Coleslaw ' made from beetroot , carrot and spiced yogurt dressing , and a Portuguese-inspired Churrasco Thigh Burger . Nando 's also recently announced its most extensive menu update yet , with new options including a Quinoa Salad -LRB- bottom right -RRB- , a ` Fino Coleslaw ' -LRB- top right -RRB- and a Portuguese-inspired Churrasco Thigh Burger -LRB- top left -RRB- . Pret is now in good company with its lead competitor , Starbucks , who in February announced the launch of its yet-to-materialize dinner menu . Starbucks Evenings , as it has been coined , will offer a range of hot and cold meals as well as wines and beers to customers , to be served from 4 pm . Stansted Airport in Essex will be the first UK location to offer the evening menu , with plans to expand the programme to additional stores . Starbucks UK will also be launching an evening menu , offering ten types of wine plus hot and cold small plates . Options will include Somerset Brie , Cheddar and Blue Stilton cheese platter with oat cakes and aromatic plum chutney -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Starbucks ' announcement - and no doubt now Pret 's - did cause a bit of a stir with certain alcohol-related charities , who expressed concern that such a large firm is licensing some premises . Emily Robinson , of Alcohol Concern , said : ` We hope Starbucks will take their responsibility as an alcohol retailer very seriously by ensuring the training of staff and under-age checks are adequate , and that responsible drinking is encouraged . ` It 's a bit disappointing to see another establishment now selling booze which will limit those customers who are in recovery or just wanting an alcohol-free environment . '