The royals are again choosing private medical care for the upcoming birth of their second child . And Prince William and his wife Kate 's decision to use St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , central London , over public care offered by the NHS was yesterday backed by the Prime Minister . Asked if the royal couple 's choice was disappointing , David Cameron said he supports peoples ' right to choose treatment options -- but also ensured he praised the NHS . Scroll down for video . ` Matter of choice ' : Prime Minister David Cameron -LRB- pictured yesterday during a General Election campaign visit to Norton-sub-Hamdon in Somerset -RRB- has backed the royals ' choice of private care for Kate 's second birth . Private healthcare : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leave the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , central London , with their newborn son Prince George in July 2013 . The Prime Minister , a father of three , told Murnaghan on Sky News : ` I think it 's a total matter of choice for people - what they use and where they have their babies . ` All I hope and pray for is there 'll be happy , healthy news for that wonderful couple and for the whole country . The NHS is superb and I 've seen that in my own life in so many different ways . ` But I believe in choice , I believe in people being able to do what they want to do , and as I say I 've only got one thought about the royal baby which is a happy and healthy arrival . ' The baby is already believed to be late -- and will officially be overdue if Kate has not given birth by May 1 . Even the 33-year-old royal herself has said the baby is due in mid to late April . Anticipation : Barriers for the media outside the Lindo Wing on Saturday , which has a separate entrance from the rest of the hospital , making it easier to provide security and a measure of privacy to the couple . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's first child , Prince George , was born at the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital nearly two years ago in July 2013 . The wing has a separate entrance from the rest of the hospital , making it easier to provide security and a measure of privacy to the couple , who could receive a visit from the Queen . The public part of the hospital has seen a surgical ward closed to new admissions for the last 11 days because eight patients were found to be carrying a potentially dangerous microorganism . The hospital said today that three of these patients developed infections and have since recovered after treatment with antibiotics . It added that a ` deep cleaning ' of the ward is underway and enhanced screening is being put in place . Mr Cameron 's son Ivan , who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy , tragically died aged just six at the hospital in February 2009 . And in his conference speech last October , the Prime Minister said he knew ` better than most ' how much the NHS meant after the care it provided to his child .