These stunning pictures show a trio of daredevil bikers dicing with death as they leap over huge jagged rocks metres above crashing waves . The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock , an island off the coast of Weymouth , Dorset , on Sunday by photographer Jack Davies . The group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear , 25 , Andrei Burton , 29 , and Joe Seddon , 19 , who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below . Mr Davies said : ` It was incredibly dangerous , the sea was 10 metres below Andrei , crashing against jagged rocks , also the wind plays a big factor , threatening to blow them off course whilst in the air . ` It 's a sport based around precision and getting your landing inch perfect . If the wind blows too hard it can completely alter your course in the air and throw you off the bike . ' ` It was a really interesting day and so exhilarating to watch the riders launching themselves over the rocks . ' It 's not the first time the riders have pulled such a daredevil stunt - last year Mr Burton and Mr Seddon took part in a promotional video to highlight the need to increase space for cyclists in London by cycling over some of the capital 's top landmarks . Scroll down for video . Stunning : The trio of bikers were captured as they made leaps of faith at Portland Rock , off the coast of Weymouth in Dorset on Sunday . Breathtaking : The bikers were just 10 metres from the choppy waters below as they jumped from one jagged rock to another yesterday . Heart-stopping : Joe Seddon , 19 , previous British Elite Champion and international competitor , balances on the back wheel of his bike . Renowned : The trio of bikers were made up professional trial bike riders Jack Gear , 25 , Andrei Burton , 29 , and Joe Seddon , 19 . Leap of faith : Andrei Burton , former UKElite championship winner and sixth world champion , shows no fear as he leaps over the sea . Fearless : One of the riders , Jack Gear , says the wind can play a major factor , threatening to blow them off course while in the air . Balancing act : One of the riders takes a leap of faith an almost misses as he hangs from a rock by the front tyre of his bike . Dangerous : Andrei Burton -LRB- pictured -RRB- has also ridden for Top Gear Live and is an ambassador for the surfwear brand Saltrock . Skills : It 's not the first time the riders have carried out such daredevil stunts - last year they cycled over London landmarks for a promotional video demonstrating the need for space on the capital 's roads . Professional : The stunning photographs were captured by Jack Davies in Dorset on Sunday as the bikers tested out their skills . Leap : Photographer , Jack Davies , said : ` It was incredibly dangerous , the sea was 10 metres below Andrei , crashing against jagged rocks ' Break time : The riders take a well deserved rest as the sun sets over Portland Rock after an afternoon of biking over the cliff edge .