The leader of a gang that attacked young girls in Sydney 's southwest has been attacked by fellow inmates inside one of Australia 's toughest prisons . Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday . A Corrective Services statement confirmed a ' 33-year-old inmate ' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day . Sydney rape gang leader Bilal Skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates at Goulburn Correctional Ccomplex in NSW . He is pictured -LRB- in orange overalls -RRB- with his mother , Baria -LRB- right -RRB- inside Goulburn 's Supermax prison on internal prison CCTV in 2002 when he tried to smuggle letters to his girlfriend out through Mrs Skaf . Bilal Skaf -LRB- left and right -RRB- was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised Sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 Sydney Olympics for which he received a 46 year sentence and will be eligible for parole , if he behaves himself in prison and admits his crime , in 2033 . Gang rape leader Bilal Skaf pictured in the living room of his family home in Sydney 's western suburbs posing with a firearm next to a photograph of his parents and siblings , including his younger brother Mohammed who was also convicted for the rapes and is serving 32 years in a cell shared with Bilal . ` Three inmates have been segregated while the investigation continues , ' Corrective Services said . In 2002 , Skaf was sentenced to 55 years ' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney 's southwest . Skaf was one of 14 mostly Muslim Lebanese Australians who went on a four-week rampage of raping Australian women and teenage girls in Sydney in the lead-up to the 2000 Olympics . The gang members , aged between 13 and 18 years , lured the girls from shopping centres and train stations and took them to parks and public toilet blocks . Daily Mail Australia previously reported that one of the victims was raped 25 times by a total of 14 men at Bankstown , in Sydney 's west , in an ordeal that lasted six hours , during which the attackers subjected her to racist taunts . Skaf was aged 18 at the time of his rapes and is not eligible for parole until February 11 , 2033 . During the sentencing , Judge Michael Finnane described the rapes as events ` you hear about or read about only in the context of wartime atrocities ' . In August that year , Skaf was moved from Sydney 's Long Bay after fellow inmates threatened to inject him with HIV-infected blood they were planning to take from another prisoner . He spent time in the High Risk Management Correctional Centre inside the Goulburn prison complex , where he was caught in 2002 trying to smuggle letters out via his visiting mother , Baria , to his then girlfriend . They were caught and Mrs Skaf was banned from visiting her son for a time . Skaf was later moved to a secure section of the main prison at Goulburn and into a cell he shared with his brother Mohammed , who was also convicted of the 2000 gang rapes , and sentenced to 32 years .