When Hillary Clinton steps off her road-trip van on Tuesday at a rural Iowa community college , she might not be greeted by cheering throngs . Daily Mail Online spoke to students at Kirkwood Community College 's regional center in Jones County , where the former secretary of state will hold her first low-key campaign event . The outlook is n't sunny for the kickoff of her ` listening tour ' : Of the ten students interviewed in the school 's public lounge , only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton . ` She 's going to push some emotional thing on us , ' predicted student Hallie Corum in between classes . ` What else is she supposed to do ? ' ` She 's going to be , like , talking s ** t. ' ` TALKING S ** T ' : Hillary Clinton launched her presidential campaign on Sunday and hit the road in a van , en route to a skeptical bunch of community college students in Monticello , Iowa . Corey Jones said he suspects that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful Democratic voters -- and he plans to ask her about it on Tuesday . Kirkwood Community College 's outpost in rural Monticello serves hundreds of students , including some who are still high school juniors and seniors . Corum declined to be photographed , flashing an impish grin . Corey Jones , a graphic design student , is among those chosen to question Mrs. Clinton in a roundtable setting on Tuesday . He said his teachers chose him to join a group of ` from 6 to 8 ' students whowill participate because ` I pay attention to politics , ' something his friends around a table agreed with . ` I did n't know Hillary Clinton was running , ' one young woman said . ` Is she running ? Go ask Corey . He 's up on all that stuff . ' Jones said he plans to ask Hillary about illegal immigration . ` It 's -- well , Immigration reform , ' he told Daily Mail Online . ` You know , Obama 's plan was to make the illegal immigrants legal . ' ` She 's part of all that . And some people think -- well , I think maybe -- it 's just a tactic to have more Democratic votes ' from millions of grateful new citizens . Jones , like Corum , will vote in his first presidential election next year . He said Clinton is holding her first campaign event at a community college ` because she 's trying to appeal to youth , to young voters . ' ` She announced it on YouTube . That 's targeted at people my age , right ? ' Clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip Sunday in her home town of Chappaqua , New York , and headed to Iowa -- where the nation 's first primary caucuses will start the machinery that chooses major parties ' presidential candidate . She announced Sunday afternoon that she was officially in the race . A female student who declined to be named speculated about Clinton 's motives for taking ground transportation instead of a jet aircraft . ` Can you imagine if she stepped off a private jet in Des Moines or Iowa City and walked down a set of steps in realy expensive shoes and a thousand-dollar outfit ? ' she asked . ` That would be , um , a really bad idea . I like the van better . Is it a minivan ? God , I hope it 's not a minivan . ' Future chef Ross Vander Peut said gay marriage is a ` deal-breaker ' for him but worries that Hillary Clinton ` seems like , kinda like a control freak ' Monticello , Iowa is a sleepy farm town whose main street is lined with shops sporting signs that look like relics from the mid-twentieth century . Most students in Monday 's random sample chose not to talk about Mrs. Clinton . All of the will be old enough to vote next year for the first time in their lives . Three said they did n't have an opinion about the Democratic front-runner . One looked up , shook her head , and put a pair of earbuds on . Two more said they would rather remain silent . ` You know , it 's that `` If you do n't have something nice to say , do n't say anything at all '' deal , ' a young woman offered from behind her tablet computer . Moments later a group of young men walked down a hallway mimicking Bill Clinton 's infamous ` I did not have sexual relations with that woman ' press conference -- and laughing uproariously . One who would talk is Bri Parks , a speech and psychology student who wants to be an FBI profiler because she likes ` trying to figure out how the human brain works . ' Clinton can work to earn her vote , Parks said . ` If I heard her opinions and liked her ideas , I would support her . ' But ` I hope people do n't vote for her just because she 's a woman . ' Asked for the nicest thing she could say about Mrs. Clinton , Parks said ` she 's not going at this saying , `` Look , I 'm a woman , so vote for me . '' She 's not using her sex to prove a point . ' ` She 's looking at herself as a politician , not as a woman . ' Students like these gathered in a Kirkwood Community College lounge and spoke with Daily Mail Online before and after classes on Monday . Bri Parks , a Kirkwood Community College student , said she hopes Americans do n't vote for Hillary Clinton ` just because she 's a woman ' ` I do n't think we should be putting people in extremely high political positions because of race , sex , or whatever , ' Parks explained . ` Then you 're doing things just because of what people look like . ' Kirkwood serves between 22,000 and 26,000 students taking college-credit courses at sites in seven Iowa counties , according to a school official . The Monticello outpost is canceling many classes on Tuesday , making some students scratch their heads since ` this is the smallest part of Kirkwood , ' as one pointed out . ` They could have had it somewhere else . ' As it is , Kirkwood 's students who do have class will have to dodge Secret Service agents and TV news cameras to get through the lobby . Some of them are recent high school graduates while others are finishing their 11th - and 12th-grade years collecting college credits one day per week . Ross Vander Peut , a self-described future chef , is one of the youngest . He 's 16 , a high-school junior , but will turn 18 just before the election . Vander Peut described himself as a libertarian -- ` I like government to leave me alone , ' he said -- and gay marriage is ` a deal-breaker . ' ` Equal rights , homosexual rights , it 's one thing I will not sway on , ' he told Daily Mail Online . ` If you are against gay marriage , you 've lost my vote . There 's nothing you can do to change it . ' He hedged on Hillary , saying she ` seems like , kinda like a control freak . ' ` But she also seems very strong-willed and determined . When she wants something done she probably does it herself . '