QPR manager Chris Ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road - whether Rangers are relegated or not . Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February but four points from games against Aston Villa and West Brom , and a narrow defeat to Chelsea , have revived hopes of survival . West Ham 's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth 's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey 's job in the summer but the former Tottenham coach believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on Rangers avoiding the drop . QPR manager Chris Ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road . ` I would n't say I 'm expecting the sack -LRB- if QPR are relegated -RRB- but I 've been in the game a long time and you have to be realistic about what generally happens , whether it 's fair or not fair , ' Ramsey said . ` I 'm going to say it would be unfair because I 'll be shopping in Lidl instead of Waitrose , I 'll have a different shopping basket . ` I have to look at it from my personal point of view . The club have to do the best for their long term and if it 's not me , I 'd fully support whatever they decided to do . But I think it is me . ` I think the club long-term needs someone like me to have a holistic approach of building the club . ' Ramsey worked with Tim Sherwood at Tottenham 's academy , nurturing the likes of Harry Kane , Ryan Mason and Nabil Bentaleb - all of whom have thrived at White Hart Lane this season . Rangers have hung their survival hopes on experienced , and often expensive , signings but Ramsey believes he can carry out the club 's wish for a more joined-up strategy . The 52-year-old is a popular and respected man within the game , with aspirations of getting the full-time job . ` I think the chairman wants to go that way because we need to keep that stability at the club for the long term , ' Ramsey said . ` At Tottenham , it took us nearly a decade to get them where they are , where you could churn out player after player after player to have loads more ready to bolster the squad even if they were n't quite ready . ` At the moment we might only have three or four that could bolster the squad . ` In order to get that correct development you need to be patient but if you do get it right you set the club up for a long time . ' Reports suggest that Ramsey could link up with friend Tim Sherwood -LRB- left -RRB- at Aston Villa in the summer . Rangers are two points adrift of safety having played a game more than the three teams above them and Saturday 's game at home to West Ham looks crucial given the club 's next two fixtures are away to Manchester City and Liverpool . Ramsey , however , insists he is not feeling the pressure . ` I had more sleepless nights at Tottenham , ' Ramsey said . ` Sometimes it 's harder when you 're the number two , you want the number one to do so well and you 're trying your best to help them . ` At the moment it is just myself and I know exactly what I want . ` The only thing here is the fans are so fantastic , they have travelled away with us and been brilliant , and I 've had quite good dialogue with the owners . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has been linked with Ramsey 's job in the summer . ` It 's not about sleepless nights , it 's more trying to make sure the people around the club have well-deserved success . ' West Ham have endured a disappointing second half to the campaign , winning just twice since the turn of the year and slipping to 10th in the table . Allardyce , whose contract expires in the summer , is not expected to remain at Upton Park next season but Ramsey issued a warning to Hammers fans . ` Sam made a comment if he was called Allerdici he 'd get more plaudits and I agree with him , ' Ramsey said . ` He 'd be called a fantastic tactician . They were top half of the table for the first half of the season . ` If it was the other way round and they 'd only moved into the top half now , they 'd say he 'd been brilliant . So it 's only perception . ` At the end of the day , you have to be careful what you wish for . '