A man has been arrested in connection with the death of an imam found dead in his car . Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black Volkswagen Passat on Tuesday morning in Wembley , north west London . The 48-year-old Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and ` actively ' campaigned against extremist , his family have since revealed . On Monday morning Scotland Yard confirmed that a 46-year-old had been arrested in Brent , north west London , on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . A 46-year-old man has been arrested in connection with Abdul Hadi Arwani -LRB- pictured above -RRB- who was found dead on Tuesday . Police are appealing to anyone who may have seen Mr Arwani or his car in Wembley on either Sunday April 5 or Tuesday April 7 . He is being questioned at a central London police station while officers continue their appeal for witnesses . A Scotland Yard spokesman said authorities remained ` open minded ' about the culprit 's motive for killing the father-of-six who has been described as ` the most peaceful man you could wish to meet ' . They would not comment on claims that a hitman had lured the preacher to the area on false pretences before shooting him repeatedly while sat in the back seat of his car . They want to speak to anyone who may have seen Mr Arwani or his car , a dark coloured Volkswagen Passat . It is understood that Mr Arwani visited the area where his body was found two days beforehand on Sunday 5 , parking in the Havenwood area for ` a short while ' . A post-mortem examination revealed he had died as a result of gun wounds . Counter-terrorism investigators were drafted by Metropolitan Police last week ` because ` of their expertise in the management of investigations with international dimensions and an established liaison network abroad ' . They refused to reveal whether either Mr Arwani 's passionate view of Syria or his connection to the An-Noor Mosque in Acton was being considered as a line of inquiry . Police have confirmed Mr Arwani visited the area where he was found dead two days before being fatally shot in his black car -LRB- above -RRB- . Mr Arwani was thought to have been shot dead in his car . He has been described as ` the most peaceful man ' by his family . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .