Anger : The UN said Katie Hopkins -LRB- pictured -RRB- used language similar to that of Rwandan media in the run up the 1994 genocide and by Nazis in the 1930s . The UN 's rights chief has urged Britain to crack down on tabloid newspapers inciting racial hatred after a columnist for The Sun called migrants ` cockroaches ' . In a hard-hitting statement , UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins had used language similar to that employed by some Rwandan media outlets in the run-up to the 1994 genocide , and by the Nazis in the 1930s . He said the April 17 article in the newspaper was reflective of a ` nasty underbelly of racism that is characterising the migration debate in an increasing number of EU countries ' . This was also ` sapping compassion for the thousands of people fleeing conflict , human rights violations and economic deprivation who are drowning in the Mediterranean , ' he said . The article came as migrant boat tragedies in the Mediterranean escalated . Already , more than 1,750 people have died this year making the perilous sea crossing to try to reach Europe - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014 . Zeid asked British authorities , media , and regulatory bodies to take immediate steps to stop racial and inflammatory articles . ` This vicious verbal assault on migrants and asylum seekers in the UK tabloid press has continued unchallenged under the law for far too long , ' he said . ` The Sun 's editors took an editorial decision to publish this article , and - if it is found in breach of the law - should be held responsible along with the author . ' The high commissioner said the Hopkins piece was ` simply one of the more extreme examples of thousands of anti-foreigner articles that have appeared in UK tabloids over the past two decades . ' He also asked all European countries to take a firmer line on racism and xenophobia . Eritrean migrant Wegasi Nebiat is saved by rescuers after the wooden boat carrying her crashed off the popular Greek island of Rhodes . Death of a child : More than 1,750 people have already died this year making the perilous sea crossing to try to reach Europe - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014 . Clinging on : Migrants trying to reach Greece are seen onboard a capsizing sailboat off the coast of Rhodes . ` Make no mistake , these migrants are like cockroaches , ' she wrote . ` They might look like ` Bob Geldof 's Ethiopia circa 1984 ' but they are built to survive a nuclear bomb . ' ` It is extraordinary and deeply shameful to see these types of tactics being used in a variety of countries , simply because racism and xenophobia are so easy to arouse in order to win votes or sell newspapers . ' The columnist also said Europe should adopt a hardline approach to clandestine immigration like Australia by using navy ships to turn back boats carrying asylum seekers . ` Britain is not El Dorado , ' Hopkins said . ` Some of our towns are festering sores , plagued by swarms of migrants and asylum seekers , shelling out benefits like Monopoly money . ' Zeid said provocative articles could trigger dangerous reactions . ` It is extraordinary and deeply shameful to see these types of tactics being used in a variety of countries , simply because racism and xenophobia are so easy to arouse in order to win votes or sell newspapers . ' Chaos : Debris from the wooden ship in the Mediterranean . Coastguards in Rhodes say the migrant crisis is a problem not just for Greece and Italy , but for all of Europe . Desperate : Migrants who were trying to reach Greece hold onto the wreckage of a sailboat near the coast of the southeastern island of Rhodes earlier this week . Joy : Rescued migrants disembark an Italian Coast Guard vessel in the Sicilian harbour of Catania earlier this week , throwing their hands in the air in celebration at surviving the perillous journey . Ed Miliband has been accused of stooping to a ` shameful ' new low by blaming David Cameron for the Mediterranean refugee crisis . The Labour leader used a keynote campaign speech today to suggest the deaths of hundreds of refugees fleeing North Africa could have been avoided if the Prime Minister had done more following his intervention in Libya to remove the former dictator Colonel Gaddafi . In a briefing note sent out before the speech , Labour went further - claiming the crisis was ` in part a direct result ' of Mr Cameron 's foreign policy . Anger : Ed Miliband , speaking at Chatham House in central London this morning , has been accused of stooping to a ` shameful ' new low by blaming David Cameron for the Mediterranean refugee crisis . The provocative allegation has provoked a furious response from the Tories who this morning demanded that Mr Miliband apologise for the ` outrageous and disgraceful ' remarks . It comes after Mr Cameron held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels yesterday over how to tackle the growing humanitarian crisis . The Prime Minister announced the deployment of one of Britain 's biggest warships - HMS Bulwark - as part of beefed-up efforts to prevent more refugees packing onto tiny boats . Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year - out of around 35,000 who have tried to make the crossing . The vast majority of the migrant boats set off from the Libya , which has descended into chaos in the aftermath of the 2011 revolution which saw Colonel Gaddafi swept from power with the support of France and Britain .