Jenson Button was left to reflect on ` not a great day ' and fears he will again be at the back of the grid for Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix . Just three minutes into the first practice session , Button 's McLaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the Bahrain International Circuit . Although the car was recovered , his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2 , in which three laps in he had to stop out on track as a safety precaution for the engine . Jenson Button makes his way back to the pits after his McLaren broke down on Friday . Again the car returned to the garage , and although he made it out on track later in the session , further issues arose that compromised his running . The 35-year-old ultimately finished down in 19th place , sandwiched between Manor duo Will Stevens and Roberto Merhi , with the best of his 19 laps almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg in his Mercedes . Clearly frustrated Button said : ` The guys worked really hard , from P1 to P2 they did a great job but we still had our problems in P2 . ` I went out on the soft tyre but had to quickly come back in , and then I went out on low fuel when everyone else was on high fuel , so it was difficult to get in any running . Overall not a great day . ` There was a lot of useful data from the other car -LRB- Fernando Alonso -RRB- , but the frustrating thing is our cars were set up quite differently to get a lot of useful information about parts , and we were n't able to do that on our car . ` It does n't help either of us for Saturday but hopefully we 've resolved the issues I 've had . ' Team members recover Button 's McLaren in the pit-lane during the first free practice . Button , though , knows the teams ahead of a struggling McLaren will all turn up the gas in qualifying , which is likely to leave only the Manor boys behind the Briton and Alonso , as was the case in China on Sunday . ` I think some teams were on high fuel all day as well , so it 's not going to be an easy weekend , ' added Button . ` But we 're not kidding ourselves , we know it 's going to be a tricky qualifying session and I suppose for us at the moment we 're going to qualify near the back . ` In reality it 's not such a problem . The race pace is something that is more important . '