A former Premier League striker urged a footballer at a struggling non-league club to make some ` easy money ' by fixing the result of a match , a court has heard . Ex-Bolton Wanderers forward Delroy Facey , 34 , is also alleged to have told a contact that some Football Conference teams would ` do ' a game in return for payment . Facey , whose former clubs include Hull City and West Bromwich Albion , is accused of conspiring with non-league player Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery . Delroy Facey -LRB- right -RRB- arrives at Birmingham Crown Court for the start of his trial on Monday . He is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches . Facey -LRB- right -RRB- is alleged to have contacted a non-league player via WhatsApp to fix matches . Facey -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates after scoring for Bolton Wanderers in the Premier League in 2003 . On the second day of a trial at Birmingham Crown Court , prosecutor Nick Mather claimed records of online messages showed Facey had approached footballers about ` throwing ' lower league matches . In one text conversation , conducted on messaging service WhatsApp in late 2013 , Facey is alleged to have tried to corrupt Greater Manchester-based Hyde FC player Scott Spencer by offering him £ 2,000 . The court heard that Facey , of Huddersfield , made contact with Mr Spencer shortly after discussing Hyde 's poor run of form with a convicted match-fixer . Mr Spencer , who the court heard was not involved in any form of match-fixing , is alleged to have been messaged by Facey , who told him : ` You lot -LRB- Hyde -RRB- get rinsed out , week in , week out . Defendant Moses Swaibu -LRB- right -RRB- on the ball during an FA Cup match between Lincoln and Bolton in 2010 . ` You lot should make some money out of this lad , easy money . ` Check this out . Four goals in a game - two in either half - and you guys can get 2k each , win lose or draw . ` You guys ca n't win for s *** so you may as well make some peas . ' During the WhatsApp conversation , which was read to jurors by Mr Mather , Facey is alleged to have added that a friend who was betting would provide the cash . Addressing the jury on the second day of his opening speech , Mr Mather claimed Facey was attempting to bribe Mr Spencer and team-mates that he trusted into fixing a match . Facey -LRB- top -RRB- in action for West Brom during a match against Norwich City in March 2004 . Mr Mather further alleged that Facey told a convicted match-fixer in another message : ` I have got -LRB- Football -RRB- Conference teams that will ` do ' a game but how much ? ' Transcripts of messages which passed between Facey and 43-year-old Krishna Ganeshan , who was found guilty of conspiracy at an earlier trial , were also shown to the jury . In an exchange on October 28 2013 , the court heard , Ganeshan used Skype to contact Facey , telling him : ` Get ready , things are about to come to life . Keep your boys on stand-by . ` If they deliver first time , me and only you are in big business for the future . ' Huddersfield 's Facey -LRB- left -RRB- vies with Brentford 's Michael Dobson during an old Second Division match in 2002 . The Crown claims the Skype discussion - and a message sent by Facey claiming six players in the Football Conference were ` amenable ' to match-fixing - could not have been part of an attempt to rip off a gambling syndicate . Mr Mather told the jury : ` It may be suggested to you that what Delroy Facey was actually up to was trying to scam people who were betting on football matches . ` The prosecution say that is not the case . ' Facey and Swaibu , 25 , of Bermondsey , south London , deny conspiring together and with others to commit bribery between November 1 and 27 2013 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .