Victor Wanyama took to social media on Thursday in a bid to dismiss rumours he was set to quit Southampton for Arsenal . ` To cut the story short have never spoken to Wenger , ' Kenyam midfielder Wanyama wrote on Twitter , prompting an outpouring of praise from Southampton fans , and less enthusiastic responses from Gunners supporters . The Saints enforcer later followed those comments with a series of tweets , saying : ` The newspaper article does not say that I have spoken to Wenger or anyone else from Arsenal - and that 's the truth . ' Victor Wanyama 's stock has risen in the Premier League since arriving at Southampton from Celtic . Saints midfielder claims that he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger over a move to the Emirates . The Sun linked the 23-year-old with Arsenal , quoting Wanyama as saying Wenger had been discussing him and had ` let it be known ' he was interested in signing the former Celtic powerhouse . He was linked with the Gunners before moving from Celtic to Southampton for £ 12.5 million in 2013 and his stock has risen in the Premier League after forging a midfield partnership with another reported Arsenal target Morgan Schneiderlin . The Kenya international reportedly told The Sun that he is open to a move that would see him playing Champions League football next season after Wenger expressed interest in signing him . According to the paper , Wanyama said : ` Wenger has been talking about me , and he has let it be known he would like to sign me this summer , . ` Arsenal are a great club and I 'd love to play Champions League football as I loved being on that stage with Celtic . ` But we 've had a fantastic season at Saints and I want to stay focused on helping the club qualify for Europe . Then we 'll see where I end up in the summer . ' Southampton are expected to lose more players in the summer , including Morgan Schneiderlin . Wanyama has reportedly not ruled out a reunion with former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham . The tough-tackling midfielder has also been linked with a reunion with former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham and Wanyama has apparently not ruled out a move to the opposite end of north London . ` If I get the chance , maybe , ' he reportedly told the Sun . ` You never know what will happen in the future . It 's nice to be linked with other clubs as it means I 'm playing well . ' Despite surprising many with their positive performances this season , especially after losing star players including Luke Shaw , Adam Lallana and Dejan Lovren , Ronald Koeman 's side is expected to to lose the likes of Schneiderlin and Nathaniel Clyne at the end of the season .