Looking at Jourdan Dunn , no one would ever think that the 5ft 11in supermodel has ever had confidence issues . The London-born beauty is the new face of Maybelline New York , she was British Vogue 's February 2015 cover star , and also the first black model to walk for Prada in a decade . But the 24-year-old has now revealed that as a teenager her life was made a misery by cruel bullies who taunted her for her striking looks to the extent that she felt physically ill . Scroll down for video . Jourdan Dunn has revealed in an interview that she was severely bullied at school , which led to her suffering from incredibly low self-esteem . In an interview with The Times , Jourdan said she was often picked on from primary school until secondary school when the situation was so bad she had to be home-schooled . ` I did n't want to leave the house , ' she remembered . She added : ` I did n't want to look in the mirror . I would feel physically sick . I hated being me . ` I hated going to school . I already did n't like the way I looked and now people were making me feel bad . ' As a result , the teenager began skipping school , which led to her being home-schooled for a while . The supermodel was famously scouted at the sunglasses counter of Primark in Hammersmith , at just 15 . The 24-year-old supermodel has defied her bullies ' expectations by becoming a household name and a celebrated regular on the runway - walking for the likes of Balmain , Fashion for Relief and Topshop Unique -LRB- pictured left to right -RRB- . The model used to feel ` physically sick ' looking in the mirror when she was being bullied . Now she walks for the likes of Victoria 's Secret -LRB- pictured in 2013 's show -RRB- . In the interview , Dunn revealed that even after she was scouted , she still had to deal with being hurtfully rejected - now because of the colour of her skin . She has since criticised the fashion industry for the scarcity of black models . She became the first black model to secure a solo British Vogue cover star this year since Naomi Campbell 's last cover on the fashion bible in 2002 - 13 years ago . She explained : ` It 's hard for black girls . ` A lot do give up , because if you do n't have an agency who is going to push you , you are just there doing nothing and having to deal with all the rejection . ' Despite dealing with prejudice - which extended to being backstage at a show , where make-up artists and hairdressers could not cater to her skin tone - she persevered . Jourdan Dunn was the first black model to walk for Prada at Milan Fashion Week in a decade -LRB- pictured for Spring/Summer 2011 -RRB- . Dunn has openly criticised the fashion industry for its lack of black models and widespread racism . Jourdan Dunn 's cut out black dress . Parade those pins ! One word : WOW . Here Jourdan Dunn is showing us how a black dress can be a real show stopping piece as arrives at the Elle Style Awards in this achingly simple , yet totally effective number . With cut out side accents , a plunge neck and a super short mini skirt cut , this dress is anything but boring . It 's sexy , but brilliantly dramatic too thanks to that floor-sweeping train . The right dress will always inspire visceral feelings so if you want enjoy a rush of power at your next special soiree why not shop Jourdan 's look below ? Versatility is vital when working the LBD and tehse stunning styles are all contemporary takes on the classic . Wear yours with a killer heel and a plum lip for a vampy , after-dark finish . Solace London backless maxi dress at Asos . Visit site . AQ/AQ cut out maxi dress . Visit site . Chicnova Sexy Backless Slim Fit Land Reaching Dress . Visit site . MissGuided lace insert split side maxi dress . Visit site . ` I feel like , I owe it to other little black girls and other ethnic-looking girls to carry this on . You know what ? It is hard but I had to , like , get over it , ' she said . The interview with The Times 's Saturday magazine , she revealed that it 's been anything but a straight road . She was 18 when she got pregnant , with her son , Riley , now five . Shortly after he was born , Riley 's father was sent to prison for cocaine possession , and Jourdan was left to raise Riley on her own , with the help of her mother , Dee . While she was pregnant , the model also learned that her son had sickle cell disease - characterised by anaemia and severe pain . ` I owe it to other little black girls ' - Dunn revealed in the interview that she perseveres to set a good example for other ` ethnic-looking girls ' To raise awareness about the disease , she became an ambassador for the Sickle Cell Disease Association of America last year . Speaking out about juggling a modelling career and being a full-time mum and carer , Jourdan is determined . She said : ` Becoming a mum , realising that you are responsible for this human being for the rest of your life is daunting . ` You have to get your s *** together . On top of that , having a sickle cell child has been a lot to deal with ... It 's made me grateful for everything that is around me . ' The 24-year-old ambassador for the Sickle Cell Disease Association of America is also a single mother of 5-year-old Riley , who suffers from Sickle Cell disease .