Carwyn Scott-Howell 's death was a tragic accident , according to state prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau . The family of tragic ski boy Carwyn Scott-Howell were expected to bring his body home this weekend as an investigation into his death ruled out negligence as a factor . Carwyn , seven , plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine , France , while skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia , after becoming separated from them . According to state prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau , the schoolboy 's death earlier this month was ` a tragic accident ' with no one to blame . The family , from Talybont-on-Usk , Wales , were enjoying their last run of the holiday when Antonia fell and her mother stopped to help . Carwyn carried on skiing and then ventured into a wooded area . His mother thought he had continued to their accommodation but raised the alarm when he did not return . Mr Michau said : ` The inquiry has found the piste was well signposted . The boy would have been aware that he was leaving the piste . The reason why is not known but it was by error . ` Had he been with someone bigger or older , the accident would n't have happened but it remains a dramatic and tragic accident . ' In a statement released to the Foreign Office , his family described Carwyn as a ` daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and a ` very competent skier and snowboarder ' . They said they were enjoying their last ski run together when Carwyn 's sister ` lost her ski on a jump and at this point Carwyn skied ahead ' . ` He was a very daring outgoing determined little boy whose handsome smile lit up any room and made life full of laughter with never a dull moment . Seven years is too short a time to be an angel in the sky . ` Carwyn was a very competent skier and snowboarder who had started skiing at the age of three and spent several weeks each year skiing . We had spent the most happy ski holiday together in the French ski resort of Flaine . ' The statement went on to explain how the family became separated on their last run of the day . ` The family were all enjoying their last ski run over the small jumps and bumps at the side of the slope together , when Carwyn 's sister lost her ski on a jump and at this point Carwyn skied ahead , ' it said . ` The family can not explain their feeling of utter devastation with a vast void in their hearts . ' Carwyn , seven , from Talybont-on-Usk , Wales , plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine , France .