A five-year-old boy born with parts of his brain in the wrong place has stunned doctors by walking two miles every day . Brave Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia - which means many of his ` grey matter ' cells have not migrated to the correct position . It left the boy , from Wallasey , Merseyside , unable to walk and talk , and with a 90 per cent chance of developing Epilepsy . Finley Lamb , five , pictured with his dad Dan and mother Sara , suffers from a rare brain abnormality . He is also highly likely to suffer heart , lung and bowel problems . But the five-year-old amazed mother Sara when he took his first steps last year and has continued to defy the odds by starting primary school - and he even makes the journey on foot . ` It was around May last year when Finley just got up on his own and walked across the room - we were amazed , ' said the mother-of-two , 37 . ` It just seemed to click with him and ever since then he has been building up from 50 metres a day , now to two or three miles five days a week . ` His programme says he has to do at least two miles a day and he can even get up curbs now on his own and walk up steps with a rail which is amazing . ` When Finley was diagnosed with PVNH we were told he would probably never walk or talk - but now he is in mainstream school and playing with the other kids and his little brother . ` We just ca n't believe his progress . We never thought he would be able to lead an independent life , but now there is no reason why he should n't be able to . We are so pleased . ' Finley defied the odds to take his first steps last year and now enjoys walking the two miles to school . Finley made huge progress after he started a programme designed specifically for him by the Family Hope Center , based in Philadelphia , USA , just two years ago in April 2013 . The centre treats children with special needs and developmental delays and suggested special exercises and lifestyle changes intended to stimulate Finley 's brain . Finley was diagnosed with PVNH when he was two years old , which affects around just 50 children in the UK . But the determined schoolboy has made huge developments - with his brain function going from 54 per cent to 76 per cent and his mobility increasing from that of a seven-week-old baby to a two-year-old toddler . And he now attends St Peter and St Paul Primary on the Wirral , Merseyside . Sara - who also has a three-year-old son Noah with husband Dan - said : ` Finley has made so much progress and that is why I am so passionate about getting this message out . ` It is hard to think what he would be like had we not found the Family Hope Center and he still was n't able to walk or talk . And he was under a lot of emotional stress . ` At three-and-a-half he was n't walking or crawling , he slept in a cot like a baby and could n't speak at all . ` Now he does n't stop talking . I nearly crashed the car one day because he said his first sentence and said ` Mummy I do n't want to go there ' . I thought there must have been someone else in the car . Finley 's mother Sarah , pictured with him left , said : ` We never thought he would be able to lead an independent life , but now there is no reason why he should n't be able to ' ` I think sometimes there is a misconception that disabled children do n't realise what they are missing , but it was shocking for us to find out just how much Finley actually does understand . It is a neurological disorder caused by clumps of grey that did not move to the correct location in the brain during early development . PVNH can cause seizures , breathing problems , joint problems , intellectual delays and other concern . It affects just 50 children in the UK . Little is known about the long term outcome of patients with periventricular nodular heterotopia . ` He is very determined to do things now and he questions things when he cant do them . ` His behaviour has changed so much and I did n't think that was possible . ` He is so much more confident and independent , and just like a normal child now . It is amazing - he wo n't let me do anything for him now . ` It has been hard work for us , but if it is working you do n't care how much effort or time it takes . I think he will have another year or two left on the programme then he should be finished . ' Finley is due to have his fifth appointment with the Family Hope Center in Liverpool next week - and has visited the center in Philadelphia three times .