Chelsea are set to be without star striker Diego Costa for Sunday 's trip to Arsenal after he failed to recover in time from a hamstring injury . Blues manager Jose Mourinho said on Friday that he would make a late decision on Costa 's fitness , but his leading scorer is not in a condition to play at the Emirates Stadium . Costa suffered the latest in a string of hamstring injuries against Stoke City three weeks ago but Chelsea are wary of risking him while they hold a comfortable lead in the Barclays Premier League . Costa has not featured for Chelsea since going off injured against Stoke on April 4 . Costa is not even likely to be named on the bench for Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday . The Spain striker is unlikely to even make the bench for Sunday 's top-of-the-table clash and he could also miss the potential title clincher at Leicester City on Wednesday night . Mourinho confessed on Friday that Loic Remy was not ready to return from an injury suffered in training two weeks ago , leaving Didier Drogba as the only senior striker available to him . The Chelsea manager had hoped that Costa would be able to train with the rest of the squad this week but his participation has been limited by his injury . Chelsea 's 17-year-old forward Dominic Solanke -- who has played just 17 minutes for the first team - will deputise on the bench . Loic Remy is also out of the match leaving Didier Drogba as Chelsea 's only fit senior striker . The young hitman has scored 35 goals at youth level this season but was left out of the Under 21 side 's 3-0 win over Everton on Thursday . ` Didier for sure is fine , Remy is out for sure and with Diego we will make a decision tomorrow , ' Mourinho said on Friday . ` Diego is a very important player for us but the reality is we are coping with the difficulty of every match without him . Chelsea 's 17-year-old striker Dominic Solanke -LRB- centre -RRB- is set to be named on the bench . ` The team is adapting to play in a different way . In the last period we are more strategic and less artistic but we are getting results . ' Chelsea are 10 points clear in the Premier League title race and wins against Arsenal and Leicester would see them crowned champions before the end of April . Costa has been sidelined four times this season with his hamstrings , which also gave him trouble at the tail end of his last campaign with Atletico Madrid .