Murderer : Ronald Jebson , who was responsible for the ` Babes in the Woods ' killings , when first jailed in the 1970s , died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago . A paedophile serial killer who murdered three children and sexually abused several more has died secretly in prison , it was revealed today . Ronald Jebson , who was responsible for the ` Babes in the Woods ' murders in 1970 , died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago . Jebson 's final wish was for his death to be secret and victims ' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died . Beryl Hanlon , whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed together with his 11-year-old friend Susan Blatchford in 1970 , sobbed as she heard the news . Mrs Hanlon said : ` I 'm glad to hear he 's gone . I just do n't want him to be able to hurt anyone else 's children . ` I still have nightmares . I just ca n't sleep at night . I wake up crying sometimes I just ca n't understand how some people are so evil . ` I keep imagining what Jebson did to him ' . Four years after killing the two friends Jebson strangled eight-year-old Rosemary Papper , shose sister Samantha Humbles , 45 , said : ` He deserves to rot in hell ' Jebson , who was being held at HMP Frankland , which also holds child killer Ian Huntley , died at the University Hospital of North Durham 11 days ago . A prison source told The Sun : ` He was bitter and twisted and did not want people to have the satisfaction and relief of knowing he was dead . ' In 2000 he confessed his part in the deaths of Gary Hanlon , 12 , and Susan Blatchford , 11 , thirty years earlier , while serving a life sentence for strangling an eight-year-old girl . The murder of the pair in 1970 became known as the Babes in the Wood case because their bodies were dumped in a copse on the fringes of Epping Forest in Essex . Bereft : Beryl Hanlon , whose 12-year-old son Gary was murdered by Jebson said : ` I 'm glad to hear he 's gone . I just do n't want him to be able to hurt anyone else 's children ' Crimes : In 2000 confessed his part in the deaths of friends Gary Hanlon , 12 , and Susan Blatchford , 11 , who he murdered and dumped on the edge of Epping Forest . Jebson finally confessed to police because he felt he could die shortly ` and did not want to go into his grave knowing the murder of the two young friends was still unsolved . He wanted to clear his conscience , ' said Richard Whittham , prosecuting . But he refused to accompany police to the area where he had sexually abused and killed his victims because he feared the ghosts of the children would haunt the area . Serial killer : Jebson , pictured , had also strangled eight year old Rosemary Papper . Jebson admitted he had been evil over the years and was a danger to children . ` If I get a few drinks and poppers , nothing would stop me , ' he had said . The Ministry of Justice is said to have made attempts to contact the families of the children murdered by Mr Jebson to inform them of his death . The government department said it does not discuss individual cases but a spokesman added : ` It is ridiculous to suggest prison staff would deliberately prevent deaths in custody being made public . ` Offenders do not decide whether victims ' families are informed about their death . ' Gary and Susan vanished from their homes in Enfield , North London , after Gary called for her and they left to go for a walk . They were last seen together strolling and laughing as they went across fields . Jebson , who had previous convictions for sexually assaulting children , told police he picked them up on March 1 and drove them to a spot where he shared cannabis with them . He then took them into a copse and sexually assaulted them . After killing them , he left them about a foot apart in a bird watcher 's hide in the copse . Their bodies were found on June 17 , 1970 , covered in twigs . A cause of death could not be ascertained at the time and no-one was charged . Jebson kept his evil secret for decades . In 1974 , he was sentenced to life at St Albans Crown Court for another paedophile murder of the eight-year-old daughter of a friend . Jebson had picked up Rosemary Papper from school , bought her sweets and raped her before strangling her with a piece of twine in a field in Hertfordshire . The judge recommended he should serve at least 20 years . Crime scene : The bodies of the two children were found here in this copse on the edge of Epping Forest but the crime remained unsolved for 30 years . It was not until 1996 that Jebson gave the first indication to a prison officer that he was responsible for the Babes in the Wood murders . It started a chain of events including the exhumation of Susan 's grave in Ponders End , North London , which ended decades of uncertainty for the children 's families . Jebson originally implicated two other people in their deaths . But , over four years , police broke down his story and he admitted sole responsibility . The nightmare began with two schoolfriends disappearing after going for a walk on a grey and blustery afternoon in 1970 . Eleven weeks later the discovery of their bodies huddled together under a pile of leaves and twigs left the nation in shock . In 2000 three decades of anguish for the mothers of Susan Blatchford , 11 , and Gary Hanlon , 12 , came to an emotional close as paedophile Ronald Jebson , who was already in jail for another murder , finally admitted raping and strangling them . Hunt : The murders of Susan and Gary became one of Britain 's most high profile unsolved murders until Jebson finally admitted he did it . Beryl Hanlon and Muriel Blatchford , who are both widowed , broke down in tears as 61-year-old Jebson was led away from the dock at the Old Bailey in the final act of what became-known as the Babes in the Wood mystery . The children fell victim to the perverted Jebson on that spring day 30 years ago after Susan knocked at Gary Hanlon 's door at around 4 pm on March 31 to ask if he wanted to go for a walk . Gary got his mum 's permission to go out and , with his football under his arm , set off with Susan . They were seen an hour later walking across a field laughing together . It was the last time they were seen alive . In 2000 three decades of anguish for the mothers of Susan Blatchford , 11 , pictured , and Gary Hanlon , 12 , came to an emotional close as paedophile . Their parents reported them missing and a massive hunt was launched . Day after day , more than 600 police officers were joined by members of the public . Frogmen and teams of sniffer dogs were brought in but the friends appeared to have vanished . Nearly three months later , on June 17 , a man walking his dog discovered the children 's bodies in a copse in Epping Forest , Essex , 30 minutes walk from their home . As a stunned Britain struggled to absorb the news , post mortem tests failed to discover how they died . Time and again the question was posed of how two healthy , sensible young children could meet their deaths in such inexplicable circumstances . Their parents were convinced they had been murdered . Police agreed and launched an investigation under the leadership of Detective Chief Superintendent Leonard ` Nipper ' Read , the man who nailed the Krays . During the inquiry 14,272 people were interviewed , but no one was brought to justice . It was the only murder ` Nipper ' Read failed to solve during his long career . It left the Babes in the Wood one of the most intriguing and tragic unsolved mysteries in a generation . Jebson 's confession finally vindicated the families ' belief that Susan and Gary were murdered . He lived in lodgings in Hatfield , Hertfordshire , at the time , said he randomly selected his victims as he drove home after visiting an employment office in Enfield . High on drink and drugs , he took them to a field where he raped Susan . When Gary told him he wanted to go home , he told him : ` You 're not going anywhere . ' He then beat and raped him , before strangling both children and keeping Susan 's tights , bra and knickers as ` trophies ' . Today , describing that day , Beryl Hanlon said : ` You could always hear his football when he was kicking it around . ` I realise I could n't hear him playing football and I looked out of the widow and he was gone . ' She added : ` In the 1970s no-one knew about paedophiles . We were just told about dirty old men . ` All the children used to play together on the estate . We all thought of it as such a safe place . '