Best-selling author Sarah Wilson has hit out at a woman 's website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder . The journalist and lifestyle guru behind the ` I Quit Sugar ' book and website complained to Mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa -- a condition defined by an obsession for eating ` healthily ' . Wilson 's face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer , and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans . Celebrity chef Evans ' cookbook , Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way , was recently dropped by its publisher after the Public Health Association of Australia found that ` a baby may die ' if they consumed one of its particular recipes . Former Cosmopolitan editor Wilson fumed on Monday : ` Is this how such things should be done ? . ' Sarah Wilson hit out at the Mamamia website after it published her photograph alongside a story on an eating disorder . The I Quit Sugar author was pictured -LRB- centre , right -RRB- alongside Paleo chef Pete Evans -LRB- left -RRB- and controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson -LRB- centre , left -RRB- . ` Take a sound , evidence-based article on orthorexia nervosa written by an academic and published on The Conversation , republish it -LRB- without attributing author -RRB- and then festoon it with images of people not mentioned in the article so as to implicate that they have an eating disorder !? S ** t , I hope not , ' Wilson said . Also used in the article was a photo of a green smoothie -- a much loved favourite of those involved in the ` clean living ' movement . The Conversation article , which was seemingly republished on Mamamia by way of a content sharing agreement , said : ` There is a blurry line separating `` normal '' healthy eating and orthorexia nervosa , but one way to define the condition is when eating `` healthily '' causes significant distress or negative consequences in a person 's life . ' Mamamia founder Mia Freedman and Wilson are said to have had a long-running feud . Wilson , who has an autoimmune disease , quit sugar in 2011 ` as an experiment ' but liked the results -- including increased energy , better skin and wellness -- so much that she continued her sugar ban and wrote a best-selling book in the process . Wilson complained to Mamamia and they agreed to remove her image from the article . ` UPDATE : Mamamia has pulled my image and updated their post after I flagged the issue , ' she wrote on Facebook . Editor-in-chief of the Mamamia network , Jamela Rizvi , told Daily Mail Australia : ` I agree that the choice of images originally used to illustrate this story were n't ideal . Ms Wilson complained to Mamamia and the site agreed to remove her image from the article . ` While the intention was to examine the idea of extremely strict diets masking potential eating disorders amongst devotees ; that is not what was achieved . ` Once the issue was drawn to my attention , the images were immediately changed and I emailed Sarah to apologise . ` I 'm glad that Sarah has accepted that apology . ' In 2013 , Mamamia 's founder Mia Freedman blasted Wilson over her anti-sugar stance and called her ` obsessed ' . Wilson wrote a blog post about eating two chocolate croissants while on holiday and how for ` the rest of the day ' she felt incredibly ill . Freedman responded by commenting on Facebook ` the fastest way to become obsessed with something is to try and ban it entirely from your life ' . She later deleted the comment . Celebrity chef Mr Evans ' cookbook , Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way , was recently dropped by its publisher . The Public Health Association of Australia found that ` a baby may die ' if they consumed one of the recipes in Mr Evan 's book . Last month wellness guru Wilson weighed in on the Belle Gibson controversy , saying too many health bloggers do not understand their power and responsibility . Gibson , founder of the popular Whole Pantry app , has faced intense criticism since doubts were raised about whether she has terminal cancer . Wilson told Daily Mail Australia that the incident was ` unfortunate ' and that health bloggers have a huge responsibility to their followers . ` The real issue that 's going on is there 's a lot of people out there not taking on board the responsibility that comes with all this , ' she said . ` I do n't know that you need to be a dietitian to share information about your health journey . ` If you are somebody who works online and you claim to be a -LRB- health -RRB- blogger you have to take on certain responsibilities . ` You have to ensure you train yourself up in all of that -LRB- science -RRB- . That 's what I see is n't happening . ` There 's a lot of people out there who are ' t taking on the responsibility of being a disseminator of information . ` We 've got to be very transparent and acknowledge the science is not categorical - but respect the science that is there . ' Wilson has said in a blog about the issue that ` diet ca n't cure disease ' . Controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson is being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles , despite reports police dropped the investigation . Ms Gibson , who invented The Whole Pantry app and cook book , found fame on social media after claiming her diet had helped cure her cancer .