It seems that 2014 was a very , very good year to be Discovery Communications CEO David Zaslav . In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing from Friday , it was revealed that Zaslav was compensated an unbelievable $ 156.1 million last year . This amount , thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week , shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN , makes him one of the highest paid television executives . Scroll down for video . David Zaslav -LRB- above -RRB- was compensated $ 156.1 million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday . This thanks to shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo -LRB- left -RRB- and his running of networks like Oprah Winfrey 's OWN -LRB- right -RRB- . Discovery has also done well thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week . Variety reports that a large portion of that money comes from stocks , with Zaslav receiving $ 144million in awards for his six-year contract . 1 . Sumner Redstone -LRB- CBS , Viacom -RRB- - $ 93.4 m . 2 . Les Moonves -LRB- CBS -RRB- - $ 66.9 m . 3 . Philippe Dauman -LRB- Viacom -RRB- - $ 37.2 m . 4 . Bob Iger -LRB- Disney -RRB- - $ 34.3 m . 5 . David Zaslav -LRB- Discovery -RRB- - $ 33.3 m . 6 . Jeffrey Bewkes -LRB- Time Warner -RRB- - $ 32.5 m . 7 . Brian Roberts -LRB- Comcast -RRB- - $ 31.4 m . 8 . Stephen Burke -LRB- NBC -RRB- - $ 31.1 m . 9 . Chris Albrecht -LRB- Starz -RRB- - $ 30.5 m . 10 . Thomas Dooley -LRB- Viacom -RRB- - $ 29.1 m . It is a remarkable boost from the $ 33million he received in 2013 , with $ 22.5 million of that also coming from stock awards . The amount seems to be deserved as well , as under Zaslav 's guidance , the company 's market cap has grown from $ 5billion in 2007 to $ 20billion today . As for his base salary , that was $ 3million , where it will stay for the length of his contract , and he can no receive a cash bonus greater than $ 6.6 million until the last two years of his new contract , when that amount goes to $ 9million . This amount is far , far greater than the two television executives who made the most last year , Sumer Redstone and Les Moonves . Redstone , who heads up CBS and Viacomn , took home $ 93.4 million , while Moonves , the CEO of CBS , took home $ 66.9 million . ` This contract rewards Mr. Zaslav for the value he has created and the continued strategic direction he provides and requires sustained performance over time for that award to have value , ' the filing states . ` At the end of his contract , Mr. Zaslav will own a substantial amount of equity of Discovery , which reinforces his alignment with our shareholders and encourages long-term ownership of our stock . ' This amount is far , far greater than the $ 93million CBS chairman Sumner Redstone -LRB- left -RRB- made in 2013 and the $ 67m Les Moonves -LRB- right -RRB- made . Zaslav is also likely to become the biggest shareholder at Discovery under this new contract is he buys the shares of television mogul John Malone who also holds a sizable stake in the company . He will have right of first refusal to purchase Malone 's stocks should he sell . The contract will expire in 2019 .