Manchester City star have met up with more than 100 local schoolchildren for the unveiling of a 64metre mural depicting ` the football effect ' at the club 's Academy Stadium . Players including Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design during a street party on Wednesday - alongside women 's players Lucy Bronze and Emma Lipman and Mathias Bossaerts and Kelechi Iheanacho from the Elite Development Squad . The mural has been inspired by young City fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives . Manchester-based artists groups Outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural , which took almost four weeks to complete . Captain Vincent Kompany helps a young City fan put the finishing touches to the massive mural . The 64metre design covers the south edge of the Premier League champion 's Academy Stadium . City stars joined around 100 local schoolchildren for a street party to unveil the mural . Among the images featured are scenes of football being played around the world , including night football , street football and disabled leagues , while the club 's City Football Academy is at the centre of the design . Captain Kompany felt privileged to be a part of unveiling : ` It 's been a special street party event today and the wall looks incredible . When Manchester City Women 's and our EDS teams play at the Academy Stadium , our fans will be able to see City 's history and future reflected in this wall , ' he said . Kompany and women 's player Lucy Bronze give the mural the thumbs up with some young fans . Gael Clichy was also at hand to pose for pictures with youngsters at the mural 's unveiling . ` Being at the City Football Academy , in the heart of Manchester means that we have a greater bond with the community and the surrounding areas and today 's event showed this connection in action . ' The Premier League champions , along with sister clubs including New York City FC and Melbourne City FC , recently invested £ 400,000 into a charitable programme , Cityzens Giving , aimed at extending the ` football effect ' to areas of need across the globe . To find out more about City 's community work around the world and to see a digital version of the wall , visit mcfc.co.uk / footballeffect . Meanwhile , City 's ` football effect ' on the field is faltering following a 2-1 defeat by Crystal Palace .