Usain Bolt has revealed he wants to smash his own 200-metre world record by running the distance in under 19 seconds and insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit . The six-time Olympic gold medallist is currently in Rio de Janeiro , acclimatising ahead of next year 's Olympic Games in the Brazilian capital , and will compete in the ` Mano a Mano ' 100-metre challenge on Sunday . The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin and Bolt is confident he could shave two tenths off that time despite clocking a disappointing 20.20 sec at the UTECH Classic in his home country last Saturday . Usain Bolt poses with sprinter Veronica Campbell-Brown and Paralimpic sprinter Alan Fonteles on Friday ahead of competing in the ` Mano a Mano ' 100-metre event in Rio de Janeiro . Bolt says he want to beat his own 200-metre world record by running under 19 seconds . ` I definitely want to break the 200-metre record that is one of my biggest goals , it is actually to run under 19 seconds , ' said Bolt . ` I think this season it will be hard to do , but I want to stay injury free this season so I can go into Olympic season in the best shape so it will be much easier to attempt the record . ` All I 'm focusing on right now is just taking my time and getting through the season , getting my runs in , getting better over the season , getting to the World Championships -LRB- in Beijing later this year -RRB- and doing my best . ' Bolt spent much of last-season nursing injuries while American rival Justin Gatlin dominated the sprint circuit setting times of 9.77 sec and 19.68 in the 100 and 200 metres respectively . Bolt runs with children during visit to sports complex at Mangueira shantytown in Rio on Thursday . Bolt insists that when he is fully fit he is almost impossible to beat . But Bolt insists he has nothing to worry about when he is fully fit , insisting it is almost impossible to beat him . ` When it comes to rivals , I always say there are seven people beside me in the lane that count , ' Bolt added . ` When I am in great shape , I tell you guys I worry about nobody , because I know when I am on my best it is definitely almost impossible to beat me , so all I 've got to do is get at my best and I 'll be OK . '