Forget Swansea , Stoke City and West Ham , the top seven would be seriously challenged by ` Team Pardew ' should this manager have had a full season in charge at one club . That is after Crystal Palace , managed by Alan Pardew , beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night , the English manager 's ninth win in South London since leaving his role at Newcastle at the end of December . His former club have since plummeted in the Premier League while Palace now find themselves threatening the top half , and combining his records at both clubs this season would see ` Team Pardew ' sit in eighth place , just five points behind Southampton . Alan Pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record at Newcastle and Crystal Palace . The Premier League table with Team Pardew in - as well as a team complied from pre/post Pardew results . Newcastle fans were calling for Pardew 's head for many years , seen as owner Mike Ashley 's puppet , and were sitting in 10th place when the 53-year-old returned ` home ' to Crystal Palace . The Eagles were in the relegation zone along with Burnley and Leicester City , struggling to pick up points following Neil Warnock 's sacking . But while John Carver has picked up just nine points in his 12 games in charge at St James ' Park , Pardew 's Palace now have 39 points and are comfortably above the drop zone . A team compiled with Newcastle and Crystal Palace 's stats pre/post Pardew would be sitting in 19th -LRB- albeit with 22 Premier League clubs now technically involved -RRB- . A top-half finish is now the aim for Pardew and his men , as Toon supporters still fear relegation following a 1-0 derby defeat to Sunderland on Easter Sunday . Pardew celebrates with his Newcastle team and Moussa SIssoko after his goal against QPR in November . Newcastle fans hold a banner calling the removal of Pardew in a Premier League game at Stoke in September . John Carver 's Toon side are not safe from relegation yet after a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Sunderland . It all started with a 4-0 win at Dover Athletic in the FA Cup and now Crystal Palace have won four in five , most recently beating the champions . His stock will continue to rise with this table , which would put him just six points adrift of Liverpool in fifth . Pardew has recently insisted he would perform at a top club , better than Monday 's counterpart Manuel Pellegrini at least , while he is definitely a contender for Premier League Manager of the Year award . And nobody would have predicted that in 2014 . Glenn Murray celebrates after netting the opening goal during Crystal Palace 's victory over Manchester City .