Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she ca n't even roll over and she 's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human , say rescue workers . The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home . Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself , she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt . Fat cat : Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she ca n't even roll over and she 's equally as fat as a 700-pound human , say rescue workers . ` Whatever position she 's in , she 's stuck . She can barely move , ' said Olandt , a helper at the non-profit S.O.S. Sea Isle City Cats . When coming to collect Sprinkles , the volunteers at S.O.S were unable to carry her . They had to put her in a crate and get a man to carry her up the stairs , reports Press of Atlantic City . ` We 're a bunch of old ladies . We had to get a young man to get her up the steps , ' said Olandt . Sprinkles is a four-year-old spotted black and white cat who won the affection of the women working at S.O.S. Not only is Sprinkles overweight but when she was rescues she had an awful flea infestation , ear mites , and an ear infection . A healthy weight for Sprinkles would be 10 pounds which is 20 pounds less than she currently weighs . Olandt said that Sprinkles heavy weight can be compared to a person weighing 700 pounds . New hope : Cat rescuer Stacy Olandt , of Sea Isle City , plays with Sprinkles , a 33-pound female domestic short-haired cat on Thursday following her rescue . ` We 've seen fat cats at 20 to 25 pounds but this is just obscene . Cats , by and large , do n't overfeed themselves . This is similar to a 600 or 700 pound human that should weigh 180 pounds , ' said Olandt . Luckily for Sprinkles , she is expected to survive . Her fleas and mites are gone and her ear infection is being treated with antibiotics . She will hopefully lose a pound a month after being placed on a special diet . The next move is to find Sprinkles a loving home . ` She 's sweet , sweet , sweet . I 've never seen so many people broken-hearted and hopeful at the same time , ' said Olandt . Olandt told Phillymag.com that Sprinkles has a beautiful face , ` like a pretty fat girl . ' ` She 's letting us clean the red , raw spots , and she 's so sweet . The lovingest , most precious cat . She 's happy now . And she has a beautiful face , which I guess is what they say about fat girls , ' said Olandt . She also said that when Sprinkles loses the weight she will need a tummy tuck so that her skin does n't drag on the floor . Those who wish to adopt Sprinkles the cat can apply here .