No need to tell Padraig Harrington what a difference a year makes . Twelve months ago he stood on the same spot on the same practice ground at the same tournament , the Houston Open , looking as crestfallen as I have ever seen him . Now look at him . There 's an obvious contentment as he hits a few shots and breaks off to chat with his long-time caddie , Ronan Flood . He 's taking in the surroundings with the grateful bearing of a man handed an unlikely lifeline . In short , here 's a three-time major champion who 's got his mojo back . Three time major winner Padraig Harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters . The Irishman practices during the pro-am before the start of the Houston Open in Texas . The small miracles that occur in this game . A month ago Harrington had fallen outside the world 's top 300 when he accepted an invitation to play in the Honda Classic in Florida . He ended up winning his first tournament in America since the 2008 USPGA Championship . How on earth does that happen ? First , let 's return to the depths of despair . ` Last year ? Yeah I was devastated , there 's no other word for it , ' he admits . ` I thought all along I 'd do something that would get me to the Masters . A year earlier I 'd been in contention to win and now I was n't good enough even to start . It was a huge shock . ' It was the first major championship this century for which he 'd failed to qualify and he ended up watching it sulking on the sofa at home . ` It was very tough , ' he says . ` I watched it all and it was n't nice . Even though I was out of form , you always think you have a chance at any major , so I was gutted to miss out . ' Harrington had falled out of the world 's top 300 before accepting an invitation to the Honda Classic . The 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against Daniel Berger . He looked for all the world like he would miss out this year as well until that dramatic play-off victory in the Sunshine State . The spoils of success included an invitation to Augusta . Ask him about next week and he sounds like a kid who 's just discovered chocolate . ` I feel like I 'm going to play in the Masters for the first time , I 'm that excited , ' he said . ` It 's funny , all my family are going this year , while in other years it was , like : `` Ah , not to worry , we 'll wait and go another year . '' Now that I 've missed one they 're fearing this will be the last time they will have the chance . ` As a player , a bit of that creeps in as well . When you 're playing great you think you 're never going to miss these events . But hopefully I shall play well for a while now . That 's been my thing over the years . It 's always been about peaks and troughs and keeping the peaks for as long as you can . My wins tend to come together so hopefully I 'll win a few more now . ' Harrington was ` devastated ' after failing to qualify for last year 's Masters following poor results . The Dunliner kisses the famous Claret Jug after winning the 2008 Open at Royal Birkdale . Harrington 's recent upturn in form began after winning the Indonesia Open at the end of last year . Two of his wins together were the Open and USPGA in 2008 . So , as the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major victory , how does he rate Rory McIlroy 's chances ? ` The good thing is that expectation is already at saturation point , so I don ' t think that will be an issue , ' he said . ` Every week he 's the main man so he 's used to it . I think the main issue for Rory is that so many other players are playing so well . Take Dustin Johnson . Rory 's big thing was that he 'd hit a driver everywhere while most players would hit three wood . And he 'd hit it straight so that made him not just long but doubly long . But Dustin does the same thing -- and he 's 20 yards longer than Rory . ` Having said that , Rory has shown when he has his A game he wins . I 'd go there with the attitude that if I win the Masters next year it 'll still be the career grand slam . He 's just got to try and stay out of his own way as much as he possibly can . ' Harrington , of course , knows all about this mental side of the game , having read every volume on the subject . Rory McIlroy heads to Augusta looking to complete a grand slam of winning all four majors . The world No 1 faces competition from Dustin Johnson and his mammoth drives . Last summer he started working with Steve Peters , the renowned psychologist who helped Britain 's cycling team to glory and is now working with Liverpool football club and England . Harrington was one of the 200,000 people who bought Peters 's book ` The Chimp Paradox . ' Basically , it 's about how to manage your inner chimp - the part of the brain that runs on emotions and gut instincts . ` He has really helped me out , ' said Harrington . ` He 's helped me rediscover some essential truths about my game . I 'd lost my confidence in my ability to read greens , for example , whereas before I thought there was no-one I 'd rather read a 10ft putt to win a major . So that huge change in belief led to a lot of tentative strokes . ` As for my inner chimp , well he 's not angry . I do n't throw clubs or lose my temper . He 's an introvert , but he 's very devious . He needs a lot of reassuring and he was definitely doing a lot of damage . But rediscovering those essential truths have helped me put my chimp back in his box . ' And long may he keep him there . Harrington has been working with Steve Peters -LRB- left -RRB- who has also worked with Roy Hodgson 's England team .