Many of us dream about escaping our everyday lives for something more exotic . Ten years ago , bartender Liz Clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world . The 34-year-old left her home in San Diego , California , when she was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels . Scroll down for video . Ten years ago , bartender Liz Clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world . The 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a Cal 40 sailboat after being handed inspiration from a retired professor . And for the last decade Liz has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat , travelling about 25,000 nautical miles to date . ` After I graduated from university , I happened to cross paths with a retired professor , Dr. Arent H. Schuyler , who was looking for someone to sail his boat around the world , ' says Liz . ` He was 80 years old at the time and just wanted to help someone else realize his dream . ' Liz , who studied Environmental Studies at the University of California in Santa Barbara , jumped at the chance . She says : ` At university I learned about all the damage we were doing to the Earth and the unsustainable lifestyles we were leading . ` I looked around me and it seemed like no one was doing anything about it , and I decided that I really did n't want to be a part of it anymore . ` I knew this trip would be everything I loved in one-a simple , eco-friendly lifestyle close to nature , searching for remote uncrowded waves , learning from other cultures , challenging myself physically and mentally , and going on an open-ended adventure . ' Liz , who studied Environmental Studies at the University of California in Santa Barbara , jumped at the chance to discover the world . As well as perfect her sailing skills , the ten-year trip has helped Liz perfect her surf-boarding talents . Sailing around the world offers Liz the perfect chance for scenic stop-offs to practise yoga . After graduating from university , Liz worked as a bartender for three years , before quitting her job when the opportunity to sail around the world arose . She spent three years preparing for her voyage and learning how to operate the sailboat . Liz says : ` It was petrifying to leave the safety and security of the dock and my friends and family . ` I did n't know if I would be capable of captaining a boat this big and managing all that goes into a trip where you 're off the grid and away from any help - but I knew I had to try or I 'd always regret it . ` When I left I did n't know how I 'd make money , and I do n't come from a wealthy family or anything , like many people assume . ` I was writing blogs the first year and from this I developed a close relationship with Patagonia , an outdoors clothing company - who have been my main financial supporter since the beginning . ' It 's often hard work for Liz , as she is photographed here fixing the anchor in the ground to secure her boat in the eastern South Pacific . Liz did make a friend when she visited Tahiti in 2013 , and even took the cat on the boat with her . Her travels around the world have given Liz memories to treasure forvever , including enjoying herself with the locals in Panama in 2007 . Setting off in October 2005 , Liz has travelled to a number of exotic destinations , including Mexico , Guatemala , Nicaragua , Costa Rica , Panama and the Galapagos Islands . Liz has documented her travels in a series of envy inducing photographs . She used a timer to take some of the pictures herself , while other photos were taken by locals . Photo shows Liz relaxing in the South Pacific in 2014 ; the former bartender admits to sometimes becoming lonely , and right , some deep sea diving . There was a prime catch on this trip in the eastern Pacific , but Liz would have wanted to share the meal with somebody . Liz feeds some small sharks whilst on an outer island in the French Polynesia in 2011 , during her ten year trip around the world . Liz 's daily routine includes adjusting sails and boat maintenance , as well as surfing , yoga , swimming and sleeping under the stars . She says : ` People are generally either awed or jealous , others are totally inspired and excited . ` It feels so great to inspire others to live their dreams , but it 's impossible to explain to them what this life is really like ; how much hard work there is and that it is n't always easy or fun . ` But that 's part of living your dreams - it 's never easy , but no work is ever as hard when it 's part of your dreams and moving you towards your desires . ' The journey throws up daily challenges for Liz , shown here as she battles tough weather in the eastern Pacific in 2008 . A spectacular selfie shows a huge wave forms int he background in the South Pacific in 2012 . The trip offered Liz the chance to do some teaching at a school in outer islands French Polynesia , in 2011 . Liz says : ` I get lonely at times and still hope to find a complimentary sailing partner . ` The kindness of strangers wherever I go , along with the remote love and support from family and friends , always fills up that emptiness whenever I feel a void . ' In 2011 , the man responsible for Liz 's adventure , Dr. Schuyler , died , aged 87 . Liz says : ` He never wanted to be on the boat . He just wanted to help me live my dream and live vicariously through me . ` That 's how my blog originally started , because I wanted him to be able to share my experiences . ' With no end to her adventure in sight , Liz 's plans to sail to Micronesia and head west , where she will continue her journey around the world . Liz on a visit to the Marquesas Islands after quitting her life on land for adventures at sea . The intrepid traveller climbing a tree on the Line Islands in the Republic of Kiribati in 2008 . Perfect waves in the South Pacific are taken advantage of by Liz who tests out her talents .