A 78-year-old Connecticut man with a long criminal history was arrested on Friday , but the man 's lawyer claimed the arrest was a ruse intended to pressure him to talk about the biggest art heist in U.S. history . Robert Gentile appeared in federal court in Hartford , Connecticut , on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent . His attorney , Ryan McGuigan , contended Federal Bureau of Investigation agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the theft of $ 500million in artwork from Boston 's Isabel Stewart Gardner Museum 25 years ago . Scroll down for video . Robert Gentile 's attorney Ryan McGuigan -LRB- pictured -RRB- , said that though his client was arrested on a gun charge , he believes the arrest was a ruse to pressure Gentile to speak about the $ 500million art heist from 1990 . A security guard at Boston 's Isabella Stewart Gardner museum stands outside the room from which most of the paintings were pilfered the day after the massive heist . This FBI sketch shows a likeness of the two suspects , who were reportedly wearing police uniforms when they performed the theft . They have have never been caught . ` The FBI has been questioning him for years because they think he knows the whereabouts of the Gardner paintings , ' McGuigan said . He added : ` But he 's being set up , just like others who are threatened with long periods of incarceration by the FBI in the Gardner case . ` The gun charge is just an excuse to question and threaten him further . ' Police previously identified three suspects in the theft : Carmello Merlino , Robert Guarente , and Robert Gentile . Merlino and Guarente have died . Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work . The thieves stole two Rembrandts - The Storm on the Sea of Galilee -LRB- left -RRB- , believed to be the only seascape the master painted , and A Lady and Gentleman in Black . Jan Vermeer 's The Concert -LRB- right -RRB- was also stolen and is one of approximately 35 known works by the great Dutch painter . Chez Tortoni , painted by Manet , shows a man wearing a top hat at a jaunty angle ; it was one of the last paintings to be stolen from the museum . Govaert Flinck 's ` Landscape with an Obelisk , ' painted in 1638 , was originally attributed to Rembrandt , but was later found to be the work of his assistant , Flinck . The FBI and U.S. Attorney 's Office in Connecticut declined to comment on McGuigan 's claim . The Gardner heist took place on the rainy night of March 18 , 1990 , when two men posing as police officers arrived at the museum 's front door . The guards on duty let them in and the pair allegedly overpowered them , one of whom spoke earlier this year about his guilt of letting the men in . The next morning the guards were found duct-taped to chairs in the basement and 13 artworks including Rembrandt van Rijn 's ` Storm on the Sea of Galilee ' and Johannes Vermeer 's ` The Concert ' were missing . A Degas sketch from 1884 -LRB- left -RRB- and a self-portrait of Rembrandt -LRB- right -RRB- were also among the items stolen from the museum . The empty frames from Rembrandt 's ` Storm on the Sea of Galilee ' and Vermeer 's ` The Concert ' remain on display in the museum as a constant physical reminder of the heist and the missing masterpieces . Left , a visitor looks at the empty frame from a Rembrandt work , and right , the museum pictured in 1990 following the heist , the empty frame of Rembrandt 's oil painting ` A Lady and Gentleman in Black ' lies on the floor and a space on the wall remains bare where his ` The Storm on the Sea of Galilee ' once hung . In total the haul including three Rembrandt works , five sketches by Edgar Degas , an Édouard Manet painting and a painting by Vermeer - one of only 36 in the world . A bronze eagle statue , a Chinese beaker from 1100 BC and a painting by Govaert Flinck were also taken . Due to a quirk in the museum founder 's will , the empty frames that once held those paintings remain on the walls , an ever-present reminder of one of Boston longest-unsolved crimes . Aside from two sketches of mustachioed men in police hats - one with glasses and one without - little detail has ever been given as to who the thieves may have been . The FBI identified three persons of interest in the Gardner case , all with ties to organized crime : Carmello Merlino , Robert Guarente , and Robert Gentile . In 2012 Robert Gentile 's Connecticut home and shed -LRB- pictured -RRB- was searched by the FBI in connection with the case . gents used radar , as well as two beagles and a ferret , to dig up parts of Gentile 's front lawn in 2012 ; the FBI warrant allowed the use of ground-penetrating radar . FBI investigators have long said they believed organized crime groups were behind the heist . Gentile in 2012 submitted to a lie detector test that showed a high likelihood that he had lied when he investigators asked if he had any knowledge of the heist , according to court testimony . A 2012 FBI search of Gentile 's home turned up a list of the stolen art pieces and their estimated value , as well as police uniforms . Gentile has a criminal record dating back to the 1950s . Most recently he spent two years in prison after being convicted of illegally selling prescription drugs to an informant . The gun charge he currently faces could carry a ten-year prison charge if he is convicted due to his status as a felon . The FBI search of Gentile 's home turned up a list of the stolen art pieces and their estimated value , as well as policeuniforms . The FBI , pictured here in 2013 , has actively offered a $ 5million reward to anyone who had information that led to the painting 's safe return to the museum .