Warren Sapp was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault in February . Warren Sapp made many highlight-reel plays during the course of his Hall of Fame career , but the former NFL star might be better remembered for his off-field exploits thanks to a new video . Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix , Arizona , on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women . In a police video released on Monday , Sapp , 42 , cries , cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel . In the video obtained by TMZ , Sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that ` everyone got naked ' after he ` put $ 600 on the table ' in his hotel room . The two women who were arrested along with Sapp were Britney Osbourne , 23 , and 34-year-old Quying Boyd . Sapp continued : ` We 're in the bed and I start taking pictures of the two ladies naked and doing what they 're doing . ` So I 'm taking pictures because I 'm silly like that sometimes . ' Scroll down for video -LRB- WARNING : Graphic and sexually-explicit content -RRB- . In a police video released on Monday , Sapp , cries , cackles and confesses during his prostitution arrest . Britney Osbourne , 23 -LRB- left -RRB- , and Quying Boyd , 34 -LRB- right -RRB- , were both arrested in Phoenix along with Sapp . The incident allegedly took place very early on February 2 at the Renaissance Hotel in Phoenix , Arizona . He told police one of them began performing oral sex on him - they stayed safe and used a condom - but the other annoyed him by chatting . When it became too much , Sapp told her : ` Why do n't you use your mouth on me , instead of using it . ` Just go . Just move . Your girl 's doing a good job . I 'll be done with her in a minute . ' After Sapp asked to have sex , the woman who was performing oral sex asked for a tip . That request apparently prompted an argument and the first video of the interview ended . In surveillance video that was taken in the hotel lobby , Sapp -LRB- left -RRB- can be seen walking and talking with a man . In the second clip , Sapp is informed he will be going to jail and then left alone in the room . He began repeating , ` Oh my God . Oh my God ' before asking : ` Are you kidding me ? ' In between cackles and sobs , Sapp added : ` I 'm going to be booked as a John . ` I got ta go to jail ? ' Police became involved after a female contacted them and said she had been assaulted . Both women had minor injuries that were consistent with a struggle , but Sapp denied he assaulted them . Sapp was fired from his job at the NFL network and could get six months in jail and three years probation if he is convicted . He was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault . Sapp was inducted into the Football Hall of Fame in 2013 - his first year of eligibility . He is 42 . Osbourne is facing a prostitution charge of her own while Boyd was cited for failure to register with the state as an escort . They have both denied the charges . Sapp played 13 seasons in the NFL , first with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and later with the Oakland Raiders . He was inducted into the Football Hall of Fame in 2013 - his first year of eligibility . In recent years , Sapp , a divorced father of two , has been struggling with financial problems , which culminated in 2012 when he filed for bankruptcy . In November of that year , the Super Bowl champion was forced to sell his home in Florida for $ 2.1 million . Months earlier , Sapp auctioned off a 240-pair collection of rare Air Jordan sneakers worth $ 6,500 to pay his creditors . Sapp has yet to comment on the video .