In lederhosen and knee-high socks , Adolf Hitler lounges against a tree in a pose more twit than tyrant . It is little surprise the Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap , calling it ` beneath one 's dignity ' . But the rare archive photo , and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling , have been discovered in a Hitler ` fan magazine ' from the Thirties . In lederhosen and knee-high socks , Adolf Hitler lounges against a tree . The Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap , calling it ` beneath one 's dignity ' Hitler seems ill at ease with his hands , squeezing them into his tight lederhosen pockets in one photo , and perching them awkwardly on his hips in another . In one ridiculous picture , he tilts his head and tries a mean and moody stare to camera , topped off by a military cap . It must have felt better than it looked , for after seeing the portrait , he never wore the cap again . In another photo , Hitler tries to strike a casual-yet-serious pose as he balances on the edge of a log cabin veranda showing off his knobbly knees . A snap of him relaxing in a deckchair in a meadow is proof , were it needed , that in those days leaders did not have expert public relations advisers close at hand . The theatrical wartime leader 's personal photographer Heinrich Hoffmann took many of the black and white photos for Hitler 's own use . But they ended up in the Hitler fanzine - Deutschland Erwache -LRB- Germany Awaken -RRB- - full of hero worship and pin-up pictures of the Fuhrer , published by his fervent henchman Baldur von Shirach . A tattered copy of the magazine was found by a British soldier in a bombed German house after the war . Souvenir-hunting Pioneer Corps private Alf Roberts , from Barnsley , Yorkshire , brought it home along with a German medal and bayonet . Now , 70 years later , military historians have had it translated and are about to publish it in Britain . Von Shirach gushes : ` We who have had the privilege of being able to work with him have come to worship and love him . ' He describes the mass-murdering monster as ` honest , steadfast and modest ' displaying ` strength and kindness ' and whose ` soul brushed against the stars ' . The theatrical wartime leader 's personal photographer Heinrich Hoffmann took many of the black and white photos for Hitler 's own use , but they ended up in the Hitler fanzine - Deutschland Erwache -LRB- Germany Awaken -RRB- . His poetic fawning continues page after page , but the magazine is nonetheless a compelling read thanks to the ludicrous vanity of the Fuhrer photos . Von Shirach was only 18 when he met Hitler in Munich in 1925 . He quickly moved up the National Socialist ranks through his leadership of the Nazi students association . In 1945 he was tried at Nuremberg and sentenced to 20 years in Berlin-Spandau prison . He died in 1974 . Photographer Hoffmann died in 1957 . He had also introduced Hitler to his assistant , Eva Braun , who became his lover and died with him in 1945 . Translation of the ` fanzine ' was made difficult by it having been buried in the rubble of a bombed house and having suffered water damage . But with salvaged illustrations and some replacement photos , it is to be published this month by military experts Pen & Sword Books under the title The Rise of Hitler . Translator Trevor Salisbury said : ` The book is typical of the propaganda of the time , with the obvious non-critical acceptance of everything Hitler was and what he stood for . ` It attempted to present him as a peace-loving man who dearly loved children and was kind to all . As we all know , the truth was completely different . '