A South Carolina mother of four died over the weekend after collapsing moments after completing a half marathon . Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who 'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother . Glover was also a co-owner of an Elgin fitness center , leaving her mourning friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death following Saturday 's race . Collapsed : South Carolina mother-of-four Amanda Peake Glover died Saturday after running the Palmetto Half Marathon . Her husband , Benji , is , no doubt , the most shocked of all . Amanda 's friend Ashley Blocker says Benji was just behind his wife of nine years in the Palmetto Half Marathon . ` He was four minutes behind her , ' Blocker told WLTX . ` I 'm sure he thought well I 'll catch up with her at the finish line and she 'll gloat about how she beat me and we 'll go about our day , you know . It makes you hold people a little bit tighter and not take things for granted . ' Blocker met Glover at Fitness 535 in Columbia , which Glover co-owned . ` I watched her mother her four children -RSB- , and if I 'm half the mother she was , then I 'll be doing a really good job , ' Blocker said . Amanda was a fitness lover and a month before her death had run a full marathon with her brother , who said they crossed the finish line hand-in-hand . Fitness lover : Amanda was a fitness lover who co-owned a fitness center and only a month before her death had run a full marathon . Shockiong : Her brother Josh said he and his sister had finished the Myrtle Beach Marathon hand-in-hand just a month ago . ` It has n't completely hit me yet , ' Josh Peake said . ` I feel like i 'm going to wake up from a dream . She ran the race of life . ' While the exact cause of Amanda 's death remained unclear , the circumstances were eerily commonplace . Amanda and just crossed the finish line when she simply collapsed . She was rushed by ambulance to a nearby hospital but was soon pronounced dead . She is survived by her husband Benjamin , daughters Hope , Reagan and Caroline and son Walker . ` It has n't completely hit me yet , ' Amanda 's brother Josh Peake said . ` I feel like i 'm going to wake up from a dream . She ran the race of life ' Left behind : She is survived by her husband Benjamin , daughters Hope , Reagan and Caroline and son Walker .