Most dog owners would say they were dedicated to their pets . But Dave Rickard and his wife Brenda are so devoted to their West Highland terrier Daisy that they did n't think twice about giving her the kiss of life after she was feared to have drowned . Mr Rickard , 72 , and his wife Brenda , 67 , were on holiday when Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea . Very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under . Dave Rickard , 72 , and his wife Brenda , 67 , with their beloved West Highland terrier Daisy . Mr Rickard , a retired industrial engineer , said : ` Daisy was off the lead and she just slipped off the side . She was swimming okay but the current was taking her away and eventually she got so weak and gave up . ` Her head went under the water , it was horrendous . ' Daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar . The family were on holiday in Caernarfon , North Wales , pictured , when the drama unfolded . Mr Rickard said : ` He handed her to me . She was just totally motionless , there was nothing there . I started rubbing her chest and there was lots of water coming out of her mouth and nostrils . Daisy has now recovered from the ordeal . ` I instinctively started breathing in her mouth and after about four or five minutes of me and my wife doing it I put my cheek to her nose and could feel a slight breath . ` We wrapped her up as warm as we could and drove to the vet . In the car I treated her as if she was a human and kept calling her name and trying to keep her with us and to keep her eyes open . ' He said the vet put Daisy on oxygen and kept her in overnight . ` They said she might have pneumonia or brain damage but she pulled through , ' he added . ` She does n't seem to have been affected at all . ' The couple , from Rugby , Warwickshire , had been on holiday with their family in Caernarfon , North Wales , with their daughter Karen , 36 , and two grandchildren . The couple 's daughter , who witnessed the rescue said her parents had performed a miracle . She said : ` We were all crying and screaming because Daisy had drowned . ` My folks got to work quickly , pressing her chest and giving her mouth-to-mouth . We could n't believe it when her eyes opened . '