The team bus carrying Fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from an away game was shot at on Saturday night . Trabzon governor Abdulcelil Oz said the driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet , after initially stating he may have been hit by a stone . Fenerbahce TV maintained the bus was attacked by an assailant with a shotgun . It said security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit , averting an accident . None of the players were hurt . Five round marks can be seen on the windscreen of the Fenerbahce team bus after the attack . The window nearest the driver was smashed during the attack on Saturday night . The injured driver , with blood seeping from a head wound , seeks help after the attack . Caykur Rizespor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted against Fenerbahce . ` The latest situation is that it appears to be a gun , ' said Oz . ` It is too soon to say anything definite , but it appears to be a type of bullet fired by a rifle . ' Former Liverpool midfielder Dirk Kuyt was among 40 players and officials on board the coach which was attacked near the city of Trabzon . The bus driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital . None of the players or club officials were reported to be injured . The attack came hours after Fenerbahce 's 5-1 win over the Black Sea side Caykur Rizespor in the Super Lig . Ashen-faced head coach Ismail Kartal surveys the damage to the team bus . Players and coaching staff survey the damage after the attack near the city of Trabzon . The bus driver was injured in the attack and was taken to hospital on Saturday night . The bus was going over a viaduct on its way from the city of Rize to the airport in Trabzon to return to Istanbul . Fener general secretary Mahmut Uslu said on the club website the attack was ` very wrong ' , saying : ` We come here to do sport , we come to play football . ' President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , the Turkish Football Federation and Turkish clubs condemned the attack . Local TV footage reportedly showed the damage to the team bus and a hole in the steering wheel . Meanwhile , Caykur Rizespor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted after just 30 minutes before being taken for tests . Caykur Rizespor revealed on social media that Obraniak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests . There were fears that the 30-year-old , who is on loan from Bundesliga club Werder Bremen had suffered a heart attack but he appears to have given the all-clear . Fenerbahce team went top of the table after their victory on Saturday , one point ahead of bitter rivals Galatasaray . Moussa Sow celebrates after scoring for Fenerbahce during their 5-1 win on Saturday . Ludovic Obraniak -LRB- left -RRB- is currently on loan at Caykur Rizespor from German side Werder Bremen .