A violent Jamaican drug dealer who evaded deportation for years before he launched a frenzied hammer and knife attack on a young woman in front of her six-year-old daughter could spend the rest of his life behind bars . Lloyd Byfield , 48 , pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy before he armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife and smashed his way into her flat in Walthamstow , east London , on September 1 last year . After pleading guilty to murder , he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by Judge Nicholas Cooke who told him he may never be released . Monster : Violent drug dealer Lloyd Byfield -LRB- left -RRB- who evaded deportation for years launched a brutal and frenzied knife and hammer attack on Leighann Duffy , 26 , when he burst into her flat in Walthamstow , London . Judge Cooke told Byfield he must have had a ` heart of stone ' to have killed Ms Duffy despite the presence of the young girl who was herself attacked when she tried to intervene . During the Old Bailey hearing , Judge Cooke also expressed his ` unhappiness ' at the failure of authorities to deport Byfield back to Jamaica when he attacked another woman with a chisel and was jailed for burglary in 2005 . He said the murder could have been prevented if he had been sent back to Jamaica then . Byfield came to the UK in 2000 and was granted indefinite leave to remain on June 29 , 2004 after getting married to a British woman despite being in another relationship with the mother of his child , Patricia White . Nine days before leave was granted , he stabbed Ms White with a chisel . Two months later , he broke into her husband 's home and ransacked it . In March 2005 he was jailed for 30 months after pleading guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm and burglary . He was ordered to be deported on May 29 , 2007 . At the hearing , Judge Cooke said : ` I do not know whether when you were in custody any steps were taken to minimise the risk which was represented to women , particularly those with whom you had a relationship . ` It is on any view essential that when men are sentenced for crimes of domestic violence the underlying risk to women is addressed . If it was , it was not successfully addressed . ` You were to be deported but for reasons which can not be explained to me that was never actioned with the result you were here and able to kill a woman . ' Byfield claimed he was in love with Ms Duffy and that she was sleeping with other men . But Judge Cooke said : ` That is not love . Love is caring and cherishing . This was obsessive , possessive , brutality mirroring a wholly wrong attitude to women . ` This was the pinnacle of domestic violence , a scourge which effects the lives of women and children . ' Byfield was arrested days after the knife attack when he stopped a PCSO in Walthamstow High Street -LRB- pictured -RRB- saying he was wanted by the police . He told the officer ` the devil came into my head ' Byfield had previous convictions for dealing cannabis in Jamaica and continued to do so in the UK , the Old Bailey heard . He had been staying with a friend in Hackney in the days leading up to the killing but was thrown out on August 31 last year . Byfield repeatedly tried to contact Leighann Duffy but she did not answer his calls until the next day . Prosecutor Crispin Aylett QC said : ` It seems that Miss Duffy had some sort of relationship with this defendant . ` The defendant appears to have become fixated with Leighann Duffy in the weeks leading up to the murder . ' Byfield was captured on CCTV travelling from Hackney to Walthamstow in the early morning of September 1 . He appears to have spoken to Miss Duffy several times up until 2.33 pm and launched his attack some time before 3 pm . He banged 18 times on the front door of the flat and then burst into the victim 's living room and stabbed her in the arm and neck . When she begged him to stop , he replied : ` Shut up , I do n't love you any more . I hear you are sleeping with other men . ' Her six-year-old daughter tried to intervene but was hit on the arm and forced away . Witnesses saw Ms Duffy stagger out of her home bleeding heavily shouting ` help me , help me ' as the killer fled the scene . She was taken by London Air Ambulance to University College Hospital but died of her injuries two days later . A post-mortem at Walthamstow Mortuary gave the cause of death as a stab wound to the neck . The six-year-old girl received treatment at the scene for an injury but did not need to go to hospital . The murder weapons were recovered from the scene and Byfield was quickly identified as a suspect , police said . During the Old Bailey -LRB- pictured -RRB- hearing , Judge Cooke expressed his ` unhappiness ' at the failure of authorities to deport Byfield back to Jamaica when he attacked another woman with a chisel in 2005 . He was arrested days later when he stopped a PCSO in Walthamstow High Street saying he was wanted by the police . He told the officer : ` I 've done it , I 'm not going to fight it . When you love someone , you are not supposed to hurt them but love can make you do stupid things . I think the devil came into my head . ' Despite confessing to the officer , he later refused to answer questions . However , forensic evidence at the scene , phone records and witness accounts provided ` overwhelming evidence ' of his guilt , police said . Byfield , of no fixed address , showed no reaction as he was led to the cells today . Members of the victim 's family shouted ` scumbag ' and ` I hope you rot in hell ' from the public gallery . Leighann 's mother Ann Kerr said in a victim impact statement read out to the court by the prosecutor : ` The day Lloyd Byfield broke into Leighann 's house and attacked and murdered her completely ripped an entire family apart and our family will never be the same again . ` Leighann was a joyous woman who loved to laugh . Since Leighann was murdered the whole family has suffered immense depression with terrible recurring nightmares . ' Detective Chief Inspector Glen Lloyd , from the Homicide and Major Crime Command , said : ` This was a despicable attack on a woman at home with her young child - a place where she was entitled to feel safe . ` Byfield has shown callous and murderous intent by forcing his way in and then proceeding to inflict fatal injuries on Leighann Duffy in a pre-planned attack . ` Byfield was motivated by jealously as he had previously wished to pursue a relationship with Duffy . '