When complete strangers Niamh Geaney , 26 , and Karen Branigan , 29 , discovered they looked so alike that they could be identical twins earlier this week , they made headlines around the world . But the Irish pair are n't the only unrelated twosome to boast real life doppelgängers - and the celebrity world is no exception . Whether actresses Liz Hurley , 49 , and Jacqueline Bissett , 70 , or model David Gandy , 35 , and soap star Dean Gaffney , 37 , there 's no shortage of Hollywood lookalikes . Among the more unlikely pairings is Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson , 22 , who stunned film fans when he stepped out at a première in Spain this week bearing a striking resemblance to James Alexandrou , 30 , an actor best known for his role as Martin Fowler in Eastenders . Scroll down for video . Oi , Pat ! Martin 's in the Hunger Games ! Josh Hutcherson arrives at a première in Madrid looking remarkably like Walford 's Martin Fowler . Clones : Would Martin Fowler , played by James Alexandrou until 2007 , have made it as far in the Hunger Games as Hutcherson 's Peeta ? Blonde ambition : Prince Harry 's ex-girfriend , 29-year-old Chelsy Davy , looks very much like soap queen Letitia Dean , 47 . Strikingly similar : John Meyer , pictured left , and Johnny Depp , right , both have sharp cheekbones , dark hair and a penchant for hipster specs . East end girls : N-Dubz singer and former X-Factor judge Tulisa Contostavlos , 26 , looks incredibly similar to Eastenders ' Shona McGarty , 23 . Looking a long way from Panem , Hutcherson 's chubbier cheeks , darker hair and stubbled chin gave him a distinctly Walford-worthy appearance , which was only emphasised when the night concluded with the 22-year-old having what looked like a heated argument with girlfriend Claudia Traisac . But the Hutcherson-Alexandrou pairing is n't the only set of twins to emerge from Eastenders , which produces a remarkable number of stars who bear a striking resemblance to Tinseltown 's finest . Other unlikely double acts include TV hard man Ross Kemp , 50 , who played Grant Mitchell in the long-running soap and who , with his stern expression and shaved head , looks strikingly similar to Hollywood hard man Bruce Willis , 60 . Glamorous blonde Gillian Taylforth , 59 , is another former Eastenders star with an A-list doppelgänger , in her case supermodel and fellow Londoner , Kate Moss , 41 . Another is Letitia Dean , 47 , who bears a sisterly resemblance to Prince Harry 's ex-girlfriend Chelsy Davy , 29 , and Linda Henry , 52 , who memorably played Shirley Carter and looks strikingly similar to Heather Mills , 47 . Away from Albert Square , there 's no shortage of celebrity clones with Johnny Depp , 50 , looking remarkably like singer John Mayer , 37 , and Zoe Saldana , 36 , who looks very much like fellow actress , Jada Pinkett-Smith , 43 . Seeing double : 35-year-old Essex-born model David Gandy looks strikingly similar to former Eastenders man , Dean Gaffney , 37 . Similar : Their mutual love of eye make-up makes the similarity between actress Jessie Wallace and Kris Jenner even more striking . London 's finest : One is a blonde with striking high cheekbones and the other is Kate Moss - Gillian Taylforth and her model lookalike . A tale of two hard men : Bruce Willis and Ross Kemp are both famous for playing tough guys - and they look similar as well . The eyes have it ! With their short blonde crops and almond-shaped eyes , Eastenders ' Linda Henry and skier Heather Mills look very alike . Royal replica : Liz Hurley -LRB- left -RRB- , who is currently starring in cut-price drama The Royals , looks very much like a young Jacqueline Bisset -LRB- right -RRB- . Transatlantic twins : Actor Logan Marshall-Green , 38 , best known for his role in The O.C , looks very much like British star Tom Hardy , 37 . Glamorous girls : Will Smith 's elegant actress wife Jada Pinkett-Smith , 43 , looks remarkably similar to 36-year-old Star Trek star Zoe Saldana . They could be sisters : Australian actress Margot Robbie , 24 , is a dead ringer for My Name Is Earl star Jaime Pressly , 37 . Seriously similar : Spanish star Javier Bardem , 46 , has an American lookalike in the shape of Grey 's Anatomy actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan , 48 . Glamorous redheads : Emma Stone , 26 , looks like a much younger version of 45-year-old soap actress Melinda Clarke .