Once the greatest golfer in the world , but years of bad form and injury have taken their toll on Tiger Woods and on Tuesday he looked grateful just to have the support and adoration of his two young children and longterm girlfriend Lindsey Vonn . Woods , 39 , was pictured hugging Sam , 8 , and Charlie , 6 , during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club , Georgia , ahead of his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters 2015 . The 14-time major winner certainly needs all the support he can get after he recently dropped out of the world 's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996 . Scroll down for video . Happy family : Former world No 1 Tiger Woods enjoyed some quality time on the course at Augusta on Tuesday as he was joined by his children Sam , 8 , and Charlie , 6 , as well as longterm girlfriend Lindsey Vonn . Stepmom in waiting ? Ski champ Lindsey , 30 , looked like she had adapted well to her new role as she chaperoned Wood 's two young children on Tuesday . She kept one arm easily draped over Sam 's shoulder as she chatted to Rory McIlroy . Wood 's two children are the legacy of his six year marriage to former Swedish model Elin Nordegren which ended adruptly after reports of his countless infidelities emerged in 2009 . The couple divorced the following year . These days Woods is dating Vonn , herself a four-time world champion and one of the most decorated female skiers in the world . The pair have been together for over two years and during Woods ' recent break from golf he was regularly spotted supporting her on the slopes . Woods declared himself ready to compete for a fifth Masters title after completing 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday . The former world No 1 has started just two events in 2015 , shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury after just 11 holes of the second on February 5 . That led to the 14-time major winner taking a break from competition to work on his game , during which time he dropped outside the world 's top 100 , a slide which continued on Monday as he fell from 104th to 111th . Woods , 39 , was pictured hugging Sam , 8 , and Charlie , 6 , during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club ahead of his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters 2015 . The former world No 1 needs all the support he can get after dropping outside the world 's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996 . Woods is making his latest atttempt at a comeback at The Masters after his dramatic fall from grace following scandal over his countless infidelities . He stroked Charlie 's cheek with a smile as the boy stood with his longtime lady love . Woods was all smiles at a press conference later on Tuesday , left . With his children 's mother Elin in 2009 . Woods has n't won a major since the 2008 US Open and the last of his four Masters wins was a decade ago , with the American only confirming on Friday that he would compete at Augusta this year . ` I felt like I had to get my game into a spot where I could compete to win a golf tournament , ' he said . ` And it 's finally there . ' ` There are not many people that have played the game of golf like he has . The game of golf is better because of Tiger Woods , ' said his long-time friend Mark O'Meara . ` He is in a good place and I think he is fired up about it . He will be nervous on Thursday but I think he will be fine . ' Woods was ranked 433rd when he turned professional in September 1996 . He then jumped to 75th after landing his first victory as a professional at the 1996 Las Vegas Invitational , the first of 79 PGA Tour titles . Woods first moved to world No 1 when he finished 19th at the 1997 US Open . The American spent a record total of 683 weeks at the top of the rankings until he lost the No 1 spot to Australia 's Adam Scott in May 2014 . Current No 1 Rory McIlroy has been top of the rankings since August . Just do it ! No surprise the kids were outfitted in sneakers by Nike , their father 's sponsor . rag & bone tan fedora . Buy it here ! Buy now . One of the easiest ways to instantly lift a look is with a statement hat . A chic fedora is always a maker of style . Especially when it 's a Rag & Bone design . A perennial favorite , rag & bone 's fedora hats have been worn on everyone from Chrissy Teigan to Miranda Kerr to Nina Dobrev over the years . Today it was Lindsay Vonn who we spied in this brushed-felt fedora , trimmed with a white leather band . This light hue is a great contemporary choice so why not update your look in an instant by clicking right to get yours now ? Or , you could bring an air of whimsical charm to your wardrobe for less with these similar styles below . We 'll be wearing ours with our beloved black skinnies , a chunky knit and a leather jacket . Michael Stars Oh My Darling hat at Zappos . Buy now . Topshop classic fedora at Nordstrom . Buy now . Boohoo Imogen floppy hat . Buy now . Missguided floppy hat . Buy now .