Trials : Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue . Expectant mums really do bloom - for being pregnant has a ` rejuvenating effect ' on women , according to new scientific research . And for older women it could help them feel young again , almost literally , as pregnancy helps regenerate tissue and slow down the ageing process , it added . Appearing to bloom is not just a cosmetic side effect of carrying a child , said medical experts for the journal Fertility and Sterility but an actual physical process . Researchers studied the effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice using a high-tech MRI scanner at the Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem . It found in young , non-pregnant mice , 82 per cent of the liver had regenerated after two days and in older , non-pregnant mice , only 46 per cent had regenerated in that time . But in older , pregnant mice around 96 per cent had regenerated after two days , better than the non-pregnant rodents both young and old , they reported . They also found that pregnancy protected the rodents from tissue damage around the heart , which is also an irreversible part of the human ageing process , said the study . Pregnancy is a unique condition for the human body , said the researchers , and as a result it has to cope with two people 's systems at the same time . For the older of the two bodies , it is as if it has been injected with a youth serum from the baby it is carrying , hence the rejuvenating process affecting the mother , it suggests . The report added : ` As we age , it is more difficult for our tissue to regenerate itself . ` Because pregnancy is a unique biological model of a partially shared blood system , we have speculated that pregnancy would have a rejuvenating effect on the mother . ' Tal Falick Michaeli , Rubin Chair in Medical Science at Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical School , who led the review , has also done research that suggests that pregnancy can restore the mother 's muscles ' ability to regenerate . The research found , in the mice used to test their hypothesis , that the positive effect of pregnancy was ` transient ' and lasted for about two months after delivery . Serum : Say tests carried out on pregnant mice suggested they ` got youth serum injection ' from babies . Previous research has also found that old mice given a transfusion of younger mice 's blood performed better in a memory task than those that aged naturally . A study by Stanford University found that changes in the make-up of people 's blood as they age may damage connections in the brain and so cause memory deterioration and the decline of other brain functions . This could be tackled by filtering more youthful blood into the older body , which would rejuvenate old tissue and keep nerve cells in better working order , according to the research .