A fashion photographer suffering from cystic fibrosis -LRB- CF -RRB- is revolutionizing the way people look at the life-threatening disorder by snapping the portraits of 56 adult women living with the genetic disease to bring hope to children and teens diagnosed with the condition , which has no known cure . Ian Pettigrew , 46 , from Ontario , Canada , was working on his book of portraits , Just Breathe : Adults with Cystic Fibrosis , when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male . After someone noted that the collection of photos was ` turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF ' , he became inspired to start his second project , Salty Girls , starring women with the disorder , which damages the lungs and digestive system . ` I know what these woman go through on a daily basis ; everyday it 's a struggle living with CF. And , to the uninformed , it is the invisible fatal disease , ' he wrote on his website of the upcoming book , which is ` dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting CF truly are ' . Scroll down for video . Beautiful fighter : Ian Pettigrew , from Ontario , Canada , photographed this woman with cystic fibrosis holding her oxygen tank as a part of his second book , Salty Girls , which aims to bring awareness to the disease . Lifelong battle : On his website , Mr Pettigrew , 46 , wrote that the upcoming photography book -LRB- pictured -RRB- is ` dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting CF truly are ' For those with the inherited condition , a defective gene and its protein product cause the body to produce a thick , sticky mucus in the lungs , pancreas and other organs , with symptoms including frequent lung infections , persistent coughing , wheezing , shortness of breath , poor growth and slow weight gain . Mr Pettigrew explained that at the time he had seen in the news a model with Crohn 's Disease posing in a bikini with her colostomy bag , as well as Tyra Banks interviewing a model with vitiligo , a disease that causes the causes the loss of skin color . ` I just thought well , it 's time for a model with CF , ' he said . The project 's name , Salty Girls , is derived from the fact that people with CF have more salt in their sweat compared with those who do not have the disorder . Life of the party : This model posed in her lace bra while holding a Dos Equis beer bottle for her portrait . Still smiling : Another woman with CF wore a green two-piece to show off her chest tube . ` These women are inspirational and fearless , and we want to show hope for those younger CFers , ' Mr Pettigrew noted of the women , who are roughly between the ages of 20 and 40 . One of the models with CF , who chose to remain anonymous , revealed on Mr Pettigrew 's website that the disease has led to her having ` countless body image issues ' . ` It took a huge amount of courage for me to be able to expose my body for Salty Girls , ' she explained . ` When I look at my body , all I see are my scars . ' She added : ` I pick out every single thing I find wrong with my body , and compare it with other women 's bodies . ' The woman recalled growing up and being made fun of for the scar on her stomach , which was from her first of many surgeries . After years of being insecure with her body , she has vowed to take a stance . Proud woman : This model posed topless for Mr Pettigrew while smiling at the camera . Stay strong : Another woman with CF flaunted her tattoos in a black bra top and matching underwear . Badge of honor : One of the women featured in the book -LRB- pictured -RRB- wore a colorful bikini top while exposing her scars on her stomach . ` I will learn to appreciate , love , and nurture my body the way it should be . My body may be scarred due to all of the physical trauma I have had to endure with Cystic Fibrosis , BUT , it will never define `` ME '' as a person , ' she wrote . ` It will define my experiences and how it has shaped my perspective on MYSELF , and EVERYONE that is struggling -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' She added : ` My scars tell a story of a triumph after every obstacle . My scars tell me that no matter the BS I 've had to deal with in my life - I still manage to keep the fire in my spirit BURNING . That is enough to keep me going -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Mr Pettigrew , who was n't diagnosed with CF until he was 38-years-old , is looking to bring hope to children and teens with the fatal disease . Last year , Pettigrew traveled 6,000 miles to 25 different cities to photograph 92 adults with the disorder for his book Just Breathe . No fear : Another model rolled up her muscle T-shirt to show off her scars , as well as her arm tattoos . Important message : This woman wore a tank top that reminds others that she is beautiful . Eskimo-inspired : This CF sufferer sported a furry hat and nothing else when she posed for Mr Pettigrew . ` One of the goals of this project was for younger people with CF to see the portraits and know there is future for them , ' Pettigrew told The Mighty . ` Yes , there are varying degrees and not all CFers are alike . But with the advances in treatment , proper nutrition and exercise , it is a far brighter future than even just 10-15 years ago . ' According to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation , few children who suffered from the disease in the 1950s lived to attend elementary school , but now many people diagnosed with the condition can expect to live into their 30s , 40s or longer . An estimated 30,000 people in the United States have CF , and nearly half the CF population are age 18 or older . ` People still have to realize this is a fatal , life-shortening disease , ' Mr Pettigrew explained . ' -LSB- CF -RSB- is brutal and heartbreaking . But there 's a sense of hope and optimism as well . ' Casual look : A woman with ` Salty Girls ' written on her shoulder donned a black bandeau top and denim cutoffs for her portrait . Happy girl : Another young woman showed off her cleavage in a black dress with a mesh cutout . Pin-up inspired : This model proudly posed with her hands on her hips in a floral bandeau top and high-waisted briefs .