A Chicago Cubs fan managed to catch a foul ball in her cup of beer during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon . The woman , identified as 24-year-old Krista Dotzenrod from Minnesota by the Chicago Sun Times , said it was ` pure luck . ' ` I was sitting there , and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup . It fell straight in there . ' Scroll down for video ... Caught ! A woman at a game in Chicago who snagged a foul ball in her full cup of beer in the ninth inning on Saturday . Prime position : Ms. Dotzenrod said she was sitting in her seats in the second row near third base . I 'll drink to that ! 24-year-old Krista Dotzenrod from Minnesota not only caught the foul ball hit at the game pitting the Cubs against Padres , but then chugged the beer in celebration . Quite the catch ! Ms. Dotzenrod has received a number of messages asking if she is single . Within seconds of capturing the ball in her ale , she chugged the beer down with the ball still inside the cup to the delight of fans around her . Ms. Dotzenrod then posted a picture of her lucky catch on Instagram . ` Everyone behind me told me to chug my beer , ' she said . ` So I did ! ' It all happened in five seconds , ' said Dotzenrod , who has lived in Chicago for seven years . ` I chugged the beer and wished the Cubs a great year . The ball is now sitting in my apartment . ' Soon afterwards , she became the object of attention as dozens of admirers on Twitter began to ask if they could go on a date with her . MLB.com reports the chances of catching a foul ball sit at roughly one in 1,189 , with the odds of catching the ball in a full glass of beer , far smaller ! The Cubs won the game , 7-6 , in 11 innings . Game to remember : ` It all happened in five seconds . ... I chugged the beer and wished the Cubs a great year . The ball is now sitting in my apartment , ' she said . Growing trend : Many fans who are either glove-less or holding a beer have now decided to use their cup as a catching device for foul balls .