Martin Skrtel has praised the impact Steven Gerrard has had upon him since arriving at Anfield in 2008 but believes Liverpool can overcome the difficult challenge of replacing him . Reds captain Gerrard is set to feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday , looking to lead his hometown side into the final against Arsenal . Should Liverpool emerge victorious against Villa , Gerrard will sign off his Anfield career in the final which takes place on his birthday of May 30 , before moving to LA Galaxy . Martin Skrtel -LRB- left -RRB- says departing Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world . Gerrard is aiming to end his Liverpool career by making the FA Cup final and beating Arsenal . Skrtel -LRB- right -RRB- has praised the impact and example Gerrard has set during his time at Liverpool . Srktel believes Gerrard is synonymous with Liverpool and that the midfielder is still one of the game 's leading stars . ` In my eyes he is still one of the best players in the world , ' Skrtel told Goal.com . ` When you say Liverpool it 's always Steven Gerrard . It will be different next season and Liverpool will never be the same . ' Skrtel was signed by Rafael Benitez from Zenit St Petersburg seven years ago and despite some indifferent form upon arriving in England , the Slovakia international has gone on to become a mainstay in Liverpool 's defence . Skrtel revealed that Gerrard helped him to settle at the beginning of his time at the club . ` I can say only good things about him , ' Skrtel said . ` From the first day I came to Liverpool he was here to help me . He gave me a hand every single day with everything I needed . I need to say thanks for that . ' While Skrtel admits Liverpool will be a different side without Gerrard among their ranks , he believes the club have potential replacements to the iconic No 8 . Skrtel -LRB- left -RRB- still considers 34-year-old midfield player Gerrard one of the best players in the world . Skrtel -LRB- left -RRB- believes Liverpool have the players to fill Gerrard 's void providing they are given the right help . ` He will be leaving after this season and we have a few players who can replace him . We will try to help them and try to work as a team , ' Skrtel explained . Both Gerrard and Skrtel could return to the Liverpool line-up for the match against Villa after both served three-match bans for violent conduct in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United in March .