Kenny Jackett has told his Wolves players they must maintain their focus and follow up victory over Nottingham Forest with another over Leeds United on Monday . The Wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the Sky Bet Championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places , with their 2-1 success at the City Ground all but ending the Reds ' chances of making a late push . Wolves were fired on by a goal just 30 seconds into the second half from Benik Afobe , followed by a Bakary Sako penalty in the 72nd minute . Dexter Blackstock pulled one back for Forest four minutes into injury time , but it was too little , too late . Bakary Sako celebrates after scoring Wolves ' second goal in a 2-1 win at Nottingham Forest on Good Friday . Manager Kenny Jackett has told his side that they need to keep their focus to maintain a promotion push . And Jackett does not want Wolves to let their promotion push slip away now , saying : We just need to keep winning our games and not worry about other sides . It looks like the top eight will be involved now , although I do n't know if Forest will have an opinion on that . ` We have to follow this win up with another against Leeds now , there will be a big crowd at Molineux and we have to focus on that now . ` The mood is very determined , there is good focus among the players and we are keen to keep improving . ' Jackett was particularly delighted for Afobe , who he had previously taken on loan at Millwall , saying : ` He is repaying our faith but we worked together at Millwall and I am delighted to have him permanently now . He was ready for a permanent home . Dougie Freedman believes the difference between the two sides was a simple composure in front of goal . ` I 'm delighted to have won . I felt that Forest put us under a lot of pressure in the first 20 minutes , a lot of energy , the crowd were right behind them . We defended well in that period , very well . Then we came through it and started to look a threat ourselves . ` Then just after half time , Afobe 's scored a fantastic goal that , in a tight game , has put our noses in front . After that we were very professional , we got the second goal , we needed it and it was a good overall performance . ' Forest boss Dougie Freedman says the difference between the two sides was simple composure in front of goal . Wolves striker Afobe -LRB- centre -RRB- is mobbed by his team-mates after putting them ahead in the second half . ` The difference was that they took their chances when they came along . There was not a lot in it , they just took their chances when they came their way , ' he said . ` When they scored just after half time , our team talk went out the window . But you have to take your chances against the top sides and we had plenty of them . ` The ability to take chances is what cost us in the end . They took theirs and we did not make the most of ours . Afobe made the difference , because he took his goal superbly . ` We had opportunities to win the game , we had sustained pressure on their goal . But we did not have the cutting edge we needed . '