A five-year-old Chinese girl who was left at home alone suffered broken bones and internal bleeding when she fell 150ft from a window . Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City , Central China . Her mother , Zheng Jiayu , 31 , who left Jiaojiao at home on her own , now can not afford the huge £ 100,000 medical bill , according to People 's Online Daily . Survivor : Little Jiaojiao pictured in hospital after falling from a 150ft from a window while her mother was out . Jiaojiao -LRB- pictured here before the accident -RRB- only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City , Central China . Zheng and the youngster were playing at home on Sunday when Jiaojiao said she was hungry . Her mother closed the windows and doors and left the flat for 10 minutes while she bought takeaway food . When Zheng returned , her daughter was nowhere to be seen . Believing Jiaojiao was playing hide-and-seek , she began looking in the wardrobes . To her horror , she discovered an open window and saw a crowd had begun to gather around a bench below . A lifeless child in a pink jacket was sprawled across it . ` Did a toddler fall down ? ' Zheng Jiayu shouted to the spectators , recognising the child 's outfit . ` She can still speak , come down quickly , ' the neighbours called back . Jiaojiao was bleeding from her eyes , nose and mouth , was covered in mud and kept asking for her mother . A neighbour had found the five-year-old lying on the grass and carried her to the bench . Jiaojiao was rushed to Chengdu Second People 's Hospital and a doctor said she had punctured her lung and sustained multiple fractures . Her pelvis had broken into pieces and she had severe bruising and scratches , as well as internal bleeding . Rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke the little girl 's fall and doctors said it was a miracle she was conscious . Jiaojiao 's pelvis had broken into pieces and she had severe bruising and scratches , as well as internal bleeding . Luckily her head and neck were not injured and doctors said it was a miracle she was conscious . However , Jiaojiao went into a coma not long after she arrived at hospital because of excessive bleeding . She only regained consciousness after an emergency blood transfusion and an operation on a wound measuring 20 cm in length . She was transferred to Huaxi Hospital and surgeons were able to repair the damage to her legs during a three-hour operation yesterday . Jiaojiao , holding back her tears before the operation , told her worried mother : ` Mum , I will get better day by day . ' She is still in the intensive care unit but has already begun to ask for ice cream . Unfortunately she can only be fed through a tube . On the day of her fall , Jiaojiao 's father was at work and her grandparents were out of town . ` I was supposed to be at work , but no one is at home , ' said Zheng , who suspects her daughter pushed the window open . ` So I took a day off to watch my child . ' Before the fall : Jiaojiao proudly shows off her picture of a pond before the accident at her home on Sunday . The family has been left with a large medical bill , estimated to be £ 100,000 , compared to their £ 640 monthly income . ` I am so happy that my child is alive , but the medical bill will be huge , ' Zheng said . ` Not matter how difficult this road is , we hope to accompany our daughter every step of the way and create more miracles . ' Neighbours have organised a fundraiser to help pay for Jiaojiao 's treatment , her nursery has donated £ 1,000 and friends and family have given the family £ 960 . Zheng added : ` Jiaojiao is such a sweet-talker . She says hi to everyone in the neighbourhood . That 's why everyone loves her . '