` Evil ' : The Duchess of Cambridge 's uncle Gary Goldsmith took to Twitter after his beloved chihuahua Cheech was run over by a ` speeding ' cyclist in Regents Park . The Duchess of Cambridge 's uncle hit out yesterday at a ` speeding ' cyclist who ran over his dog and ` left him for dead ' . Gary Goldsmith , the controversial brother of Kate 's mother , Carole Middleton , posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua , Cheech , on social media . His accompanying message included the words : ` Evil s *** ... Coming to get ya . ' The flamboyant millionaire businessman , who was once caught up in a tabloid sting in which he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs and prostitutes , was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent 's Park at 8.30 am yesterday . As he went for a cycle ride , Mrs Goldsmith took six-year-old Cheech and their other dog Keela , four , for a stroll in the Central London park when a cyclist , listening to music on his headphones , ran straight over Cheech . Mr Goldsmith , 49 , told the Mail : ` The dogs were a few feet away from her when a cyclist , wearing headphones , just came out of nowhere . He was going far too fast and did n't slow down . ` Suddenly he went over Cheech with both wheels . Cheech yelped and did a parachute roll before lying down on his side . He looked dead . ' Although both his wife and a witness challenged the man , he merely abused them before riding off . ` Julie-Ann yelled to the bloke to get off his bike but he just ignored her , ' Mr Goldsmith said . ` Then an American lady , who witnessed everything , walked over and said to him , `` You were going far too fast . Give me your details '' . ` She told Julie-Ann that she thought it looked almost deliberate . But the cyclist just said to her , `` Do n't get hysterical , you American '' . By this time Julie-Ann was crouching by Cheech and he coughed up some blood . ` The bloke then turned to her and said : `` I have n't killed your dog . '' The American then grabbed Julie-Ann 's phone and took a photo of him but he just turned away and sped off out of the park . ` I was on the other side of the park when Julie-Ann called me , completely distraught . I immediately cycled over and found Cheech completely limp . ' Cheech is being treated by Bruce Fogle , father of TV presenter Ben , at The London Vet Clinic . He is on a drip awaiting further tests . Search : Mr Goldsmith released a picture of the alleged culprit after his dog was run over and ` left for dead ' Mr Goldsmith , who regularly puts pictures of his two chihuahuas on social media , posted a picture of the man he claims was responsible on his Twitter feed with the message : ` Know this man ?? ` Racing through @theroyalparks Regents Park this morning ran over our dog and just left him for dead ! ' Mr Goldsmith told the Mail that he was disgusted at the cyclist 's callousness and wants him to be prosecuted . ` Most people , if they hurt an animal , would want to help . That 's your natural reaction , ' he said . ` I 'm not going to let him get away with it . I 'm making it my personal mission to find him . I have called the Parks Police . He should not have been riding around with headphones on oblivious to the world around him , causing damage and riding off . ` I want him to pick up the vet 's bill and make a public apology . Julie-Ann is in bits . She keeps bursting into tears . Dogs are an important part of your life . ` They are a big part of your family . It 's incredibly traumatic when something like this happens . ' Hunt : Mr Goldsmith was walking with his wife Julie-Ann when the incident took place , and has vowed to make it his ` personal mission ' to find the man who left the couple 's dog needing veterinary care . According to The Royal Parks , which manages Regent 's Park , cycling is allowed on the pathways on designated routes -- it is not clear whether the spot where the accident occurred is one -- but there is a code of conduct for cyclists . They are required to be considerate and keep to a ` sensible speed ' on pathways , while pedestrians always have priority . Police officers are able to issue £ 60 penalty notice fines for cyclists who do not adhere to the rules . Do you know who the alleged culprit is ? Call 0203 6150495 or e-mail tim.macfarlan@mailonline.co.uk .