A sickening propaganda image linked to the Islamic State terrorist group has surfaced showing a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade , a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate . The image , which has not been verified , was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria with the warning : ` This child will be risk to you not just to us ' . Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi , a self proclaimed ` founder of the Syrian revolution , ' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis . Terror experts have revealed to Daily Mail Australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity , as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate . Scroll down for video . The sickening image of a newborn baby pictured next to a handgun , grenade and Islamic State birth certificate . The post says the newborn child is called ` Jrah ' , while its mothers name is ` Om ' and its fathers name is ` Abu . ' It also claims the certificate next to the baby is an ` ISIS issued ID for a child . ' The image was believed to be posted by Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi in the hope of garnering attention to the international threat posed by ISIS . The image has yet to be verified but it bears strong similarities to earlier ISIS propaganda . Last September , a harrowing image was released by the group of a baby dressed as a fighter lying on an Islamic state flag beside grenades and enormous automatic firearms . In August , notorious Australian terrorist Khaled Sharrouf posted a Twitter image of his seven-year-old son gripping the severed head of a Syrian soldier , with the accompanying caption ` that 's my boy ! ' The chilling snapshot was re-posted by anti-Islamic State activists in hopes of garnering international attention to the threat posed by the depraved militant group . The image bears a strong resemblance to earlier ISIS propaganda , such as this image of a baby lying on an ISIS flag surrounded by weapons . Australian National University terrorism expert Dr Clarke Jones told Daily Mail Australia the image appears to be authentic . ` By showing the birth certificate , and the fact that the group are indoctrinating babies , I think ISIS are indicating they will be around for a long time . ' ` It 's an interesting signal of life within the caliphate . Obviously by posting opposition to the Islamic State from within their borders the activist is operating with great risk . ' Jones said the post could be an international plea for military intervention on account of the rapid deterioration of life in Raqqa , the stronghold of the Islamic State . In August , notorious Australian terrorist Khaled Sharrouf released this image of his seven-year-old son holding a severed head . ISIS has made it a policy to groom children to take part in jihad , brainwashing them from a very young age . Online propaganda is an integral part of this process , with the group using scores of social media accounts to disseminate their messages to youths around the world . In February , Australia 's Attorney-General George Brandis announced an $ 18 million initiative to battle extremist propaganda in Australia . The operation , which will be launched in July , will employ a team of technology experts to assess the impact of extremist propaganda . The government also plans to seek the help of platforms such as Google , Twitter and Facebook , to counter extremist messages . Khaled Sharrouf with his gun-wielding sons : ISIS has made it a policy to groom children to take part in jihad , brainwashing them from a young age . Another image spread online by the group shows a boy barely school age clutching an automatic rifle .