It could be a scene from Crocodile Dundee - although in lieu of the iconic croc-tooth cowboy hat there 's a baseball cap instead . Gary Saurage , 45 , who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont , Texas , was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400 lb , 11ft-long alligator from a family 's backyard pond . A photograph of the capture - later posted to Facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards . He appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away . Two men are seen standing in the background on hand to help with the capture . Scroll down for video . Action shot : Gary Saurage , 45 , who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont , Texas , was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400 lb , 11ft-long alligator from a family 's backyard pond . Saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond , although it took a bit of work as it was being particularly ` aggressive ' . Art Williams , of Groves , was the one who spotted the gator in his garden over Easter weekend . ` My wife and I are just going for a walk , with our new dog , and there 's that 11 foot alligator just about 12 feet from us , ' Williams told KBMT News . Williams said he 's used to alligators being in the area , which is why he built a fence to keep them away from the pond where his grandchildren canoe . But he said this gator was no match for him or his DIY barrier . All hands on deck : Saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond , although it took a bit of work as it was being particularly ` aggressive ' Williams called on the help of Saurage to remove the massive animal , for everyone 's safety . The beast was later confirmed as a male , around 35 to 40 years old . Saurage took the reptile back to his park to join more than 400 other alligators . He says there 's no reason for people to fear the toothy lizards , as long as they keep a safe distance and never attempt to feed them . He points out that alligators can run 22 miles per hour on land and ` you ca n't run that fast . ' Although it was big , Monday 's catch was n't Saurage 's biggest . The largest creature at Gator Country , nicknamed Kong , measures 12 foot and six inches .