George and Amal submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema . They 're newlyweds settling down in their dream home , and this weekend it was reported that George and Amal Clooney have submitted plans to improve their £ 10million Berkshire mansion - which include the addition of a 12-seater cinema . While this may seem extravagant , according to industry experts , a cinema room is now an ` expected ' luxury in properties worth over £ 10million . Robert Osborn , co-founding director of top luxury property developer Consero London explained : ` Home cinemas are a growing requirement , particularly for brand new or newly refurbished properties . ' ` At the high level , media rooms are a valuable use of space and are expected , particularly in homes priced above £ 10 million . We also often include pantries or bars as an addition to support the media room . ' As extravagant as it may seem , home cinemas are often a clever investment as they make use of low value space in the dark basement . Property insider , Ben Hubbard , an asset manager at OracleAMG explains : ` Cinemas are often situated in the basement of a dwelling because there is no need for natural light . ' Ben estimates that cinemas can cost anything from a few thousand to £ 100,000 to kit out and says : ` Home cinemas can vary from a converted surplus bedroom within an average sized dwelling to a 30-seater theatre in the basement of a much larger home . ` There 's a vast difference in the set-up costs depending on how far you want to go , ' he said . Ben believes that the home cinema trend is growing , and having a dedicated cinema room is becoming ` important ' in high-end properties . But does it ever reap financial rewards when it comes to selling ? ` If one was to spend fortunes investing in a cinema equipment for an average sized family home - the chances are it will not add any value to the house as a majority of the purchasers will have different uses for that room , ' Ben said . Scroll down for video . The couple 's £ 10m Grade-II listed Berkshire abode , which will undergo renovations including the addition of a home cinema and swimming pool . This Surrey screening room has velvet seats and inset lighting - perfect inspiration for the Clooney in-house cinema complex . ` At the other end of the scale the more space the dwelling has the more likely you 're going to expect to see a cinema room and therefore the more value it will add . Generally though it adds saleability factor rather than actual value . ` Set-ups can range from large plasma TVs with off-the-shelf surround sound systems in a darkened rooms to tiered theatres with cinema quality digital projectors . ` High-end cinemas will have been constructed to consider the rest of the house and can be soundproofed to prevent noise problems occurring elsewhere , which also increases the cost . ' All apartments in the super-prime development in One Hyde Park have access to this amazing home cinema . A three-bedroom apartment is currently on the letting market with Tunstall Property at ... £ 17,000 per week . Knowing how hard renovations can be we thought we 'd give the Clooneys some inspiration on how to kit out their new entertainment room . As these images show the home cinema is generally of a neutral hue with warm wood finishes to give it that authentic feel . But it 's not only interior decisions George and Amal will have to grapple with , questions involving audiophile speakers , sub woofers , heat management systems and aerospace grade mirrors -LRB- for the projector , not Amal -RRB- will also have to be discussed at length . The Clooneys renovation plans also include upgrades to the library , gym , spa , steam room , wine cellar , boat house as well as a new swimming pool , pool house and grand terrace . This bright home cinema is located in the basement of an eight-bedroom mansion on Tregunter Road , Kensington , is currently on the rental market with estate agents Russell Simpson . Individual armchairs is the seating arrangement of choice for home cinemas and mood lighting adds to the authentic feel . Interior designers Hill House turned this small spare room into a cosy home cinema . Metallic wall coverings , fur cushions and Hollywood portraits add a little razzle dazzle to the interior . A cinema room in Octagon 's latest £ 16m mansion in Totteridge , North London . The 14-seater cinema has a 10-foot wide screen , plush leather reclining seats and a dramatic cocktail bar with backlit onyx paneling . This cinema room in Spain has padded suede , dark wood and Hollywood greats on the wall . This comparatively modest cinema room in a house on Elsworthy Road in London 's St John 's Wood has a 108in screen and a JVC projector .