A 14-year-old British boy has been remanded in custody after appearing in court charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack during the Anzac Day commemorations in Australia . The teenager from Blackburn , Lancashire , who can not be named but is thought to be the youngest person charged with Islamist-related terror offences in the UK , was arrested last weekend . He is said to have incited an Australian teenager , Sevdet Besim , to behead , run over or shoot a police officer in a ` Lee Rigby style ' massacre during a ceremony for fallen soldiers . The 14-year-old British boy -LRB- pictured left in court sketch -RRB- has been remanded in custody after appearing in court today . He is also alleged to have encouraged the 18-year-old from Melbourne to carry out another decapitation on a ` loner ' in their own home . Besim was arrested by Australian police after Greater Manchester Police revealed the extent of communications between the pair . Five other men have also been arrested by Australian counter-terrorism officers . The boy appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court today wearing a grey tracksuit to answer two charges of inciting terrorism overseas , which both date between March 15 and 26 this year . He bit his fingernails throughout the hearing and gazed at the packed press gallery , before having a whispered conversation with his lawyer , and spoke only to confirm his age , name and address . The teenager was flanked by two police officers in the dock while a family member sat in court for the brief hearing . He was remanded in custody to youth detention accommodation in the north of England after District Judge Emma Arbuthnot turned down a bail application . This afternoon he appeared by videolink at the Old Bailey for a preliminary hearing and spoke only to confirm his first name . The 14-year-old boy was remanded in custody after he was charged with inciting terror overseas was planning a ` Lee Rigby-style ' attack during an Anzac Day ceremony in Melbourne , Australia -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Suspect : Sevdet Besim -LRB- pictured -RRB- from Melbourne was charged with conspiracy to commit terrorist acts which had allegedly been planned by a 14-year-old British boy . Counsel and the judge appeared in court without their robes and wigs because of the defendant 's young age . Judge Mr Justice Saunders said the case should be dealt with as soon as possible because of the defendant 's age . The trial is estimated to last three to four weeks and is due to take place in August or September in Manchester . The defendant was remanded in custody and is excused from attending the next hearing at the Old Bailey on 14 May . Prosecutor Rebecca Ledwidge told Westminster Magistrates Court at this morning 's hearing : ` It is alleged that -LSB- the defendant -RSB- communicated with an individual in Australia over a secure encryption application known as Telegram . ` Throughout the communications , it is clear that they were discussing a plan to attack an Anzac Parade in Melbourne , Australia . ' Miss Ledwidge said the options discussed were to carry out ` a knife attack on police , or a `` car op '' on police , or a gun attack on police ' . The second allegation , Miss Ledwidge said , related to a plan to ` break into someone 's house and behead someone ' in Australia . Chilling : The alleged plot to carry out an attack during the ceremony -LRB- pictured -RRB- honouring fallen soldiers from the First World War involved running over a policeman and hacking him to death . Never forget : Anzac Day memorials mark one hundred days since Australia and New Zealand 's soldiers arrived in Turkey , where ceremonies are also being held -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Mr Besim -LRB- left -RRB- was one of two men arrested by Australian police for allegedly planning the ` ISIS inspired ' attack and both were ` associates ' of Abdul Numan Haider -LRB- right -RRB- who stabbed two officers outside a Melbourne police station in September . The boy was said to have ` suggested he -LSB- Besim -RSB- should pick someone who was a loner and would n't be noticed ' . Defence lawyer David King agreed the case should be sent to the crown court , as the allegations constitute ` grave crimes ' under existing legislation . Mr King said the boy was from a ` respectable family ' and that his father had conscientiously sat through a total of 40 interviews between his son and investigators . ` His mother and father have done nothing but cooperate completely with police and do everything they can . He said the boy 's parents ` are the most concerned and responsible parents one could ask for ' . District Judge Arbuthnot agreed the case potentially constituted a ` grave crime ' and must be tried at a crown court . She told the defendant , ` This afternoon , you are going to the Central Criminal Court for a preliminary hearing . Do you understand all that ? ' . The boy replied ` yes ' . Deputy Head of Counter Terrorism at CPS , Deborah Walsh , said : ` Following an investigation by police in the North West Counter Terrorism Unit , we have today authorised charges for a 14-year-old male of two offences . Remembered : As Australia , New Zealand -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Turkey and UK prepare to honour fallen soldiers , five people have been arrested on suspicion of planning a deadly attack at the ceremony in Melbourne . Honoured : Australians and New Zealanders will descend on the Anzac Commemorative site on the Gallipoli Peninsular -LRB- pictured -RRB- for the centenary commemorations . ` The first allegation is that , between 15 and 26 March 2015 , the defendant incited another person to commit an act of terrorism . ` Namely to carry out an attack at an Anzac parade in Australia with the aim of killing and / or causing serious injury to people . ` The second allegation is that on 18 March 2015 , the defendant incited another person to behead someone in Australia . ' ` We have determined that there is sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction and that a prosecution is in the public interest . ' The alleged plot bears a frightening resemblance to that of hate preachers Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale who butchered British soldier Lee Rigby in south-East London in May 2013 . Anzac Day was established to mark the anniversary of the start of the First World War Gallipoli campaign and ceremonies are held on April 25 each year in memory of Australian and New Zealand soldiers who have died in battle . This year 's events , being held tomorrow , take on extra significance as the centenary of the conflict in Turkey is marked . Attack : Australian Federal Police Acting Deputy Commissioner Neil Gaughan -LRB- left -RRB- confirmed that two 18-year-old men had planned to target Anzac Day activities . Two teenagers were also among those arrested by counter-terrorism police in Australia on suspicion of planning and carrying out the Anzac Day attack . Victoria Police Deputy Commissioner said both men were ` associates ' of Abdul Numan Haider , the 18-year-old shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station in September . A number of ` edged weapons ' including knives and swords were seized at some of the properties searched . A total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team operation named Operation Rising in which 200 officers raided seven properties . All five were on the radar of counter-terrorism investigators , according to Australian Federal Police Acting Commissioner Michael Phelan . He said : ` Particularly since late last month the investigation ramped up and it became very obvious to us that their plans were specific . ` We received information earlier this week that led us to undertake the resolution today . ' Copycat : The attack he was allegedly planning bears a frightening resemblance to the death of British soldier Lee Rigby -LRB- pictured -RRB- who was tragically stabbed to death with a meat cleaver on the streets of London in 2013 . Killers : Michael Adebolajo -LRB- right -RRB- and Michael Adebowale -LRB- left -RRB- ran down 25-year-old Lee Rigby in Woolwich before ` butchering him ' to death . London is hosting three Anzac ceremonies on Saturday : A service at Hyde Park Corner , another at Westminster Abbey and a wreath-laying ceremony at the Cenotaph on Whitehall . The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh are due to attend the services at the Cenotaph and Westminster Abbey . The Duke of Cambridge will join them at the Cenotaph and Princess Anne will attend the dawn service at Hyde Park Corner . Security will be extremely high at all three events - with those attending told to carry photographic ID - and it could be ramped up further after recent terror arrests . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .