Max Maisel -LRB- above -RRB- went missing on February 21 , after his car was found abandoned on the shore of Lake Ontario in New York . Police have now discovered his body . Police have found the body of senior ESPN writer Ivan Maisel 's son , two months after his car was found abandoned . Max Maisel went missing on February 21 and was last seen leaving his vehicle near Lake Ontario , New York . The 21-year-old 's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday , the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle reported . The family , from Fairfield , Connecticut , have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999 . They described Max , a third-year photography student at the Rochester Institute of Technology -LRB- RIT -RRB- , as ` very comfortable ' there . They released a statement after they heard his body had been found . It read : ` We knew this day would come , and we are relieved that it has . ` But it is merely the postscript to our sad story . ` We have mourned Max from the night that the Rochester police called to tell us he was missing . ` There was no other plausible solution to the puzzle he left behind . Now we must get on with living with this hole in our lives . ' Max was last seen by a member of the public at Charlotte Pier . When he did not return to his car , a bronze 2004 Acura SUV , the passerby called the police . Since he went missing , his family have said he loved the destination , had a sweet tooth , loved anime , Japanese comics and short animation . In a eulogy seen by the Democrat and Chronicle , paid tribute his son . It read : ` Death can not take away the love we continue to have for our son and the love that our daughters have for their brother . The 21-year-old is the son of senior ESPN writer Ivan Maisel -LRB- right speaking in February -RRB- thanked the Rochester community in a statement and paid tribute to the ` sensitive , caring young man ' The family -LRB- above in February -RRB- admitted they were relieved his body had been found and had mourned their son since the day he was reported missing . ` Death will not rob us of that . We have our memories of a sweet boy who grew into a sensitive , caring young man . We have his photography , a record of the talent he had just begun to develop . ` We have the care and concern of family and friends in our home of Fairfield , CT , and across the country . ` Here again , we must say thanks to the people of Rochester and Monroe County , who took our devastating news and made it their own . Whatever gratitude we express here is wholly inadequate . ` And we have said how desperately we miss him . That will not go away . ' RIT released a statement on Monday which said : ` Our deepest sympathies and condolences go out to Max 's family and friends . We take comfort that there is now some closure for them and they will be able to bring Max home . ' The police and coroner have yet to release a cause of death . His parents made the 370-mile drive from Fairfield , Connecticut , to help police with the search when he went missing . They have a vacation home in the area -LRB- scene pictured in February -RRB- . Rochester Police and the coroner have not released a cause of death .