The prison guard who allegedly had an affair with the man convicted of killing one-punch victim Thomas King has been identified as a 30-year-old ironwoman competitor . It was revealed last month Kieran Loveridge , who brutally attacked Mr Kelly at Kings Cross , was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an ` improper relationship ' with a female officer . The 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with Port Macquarie woman Jody Marson , The Daily Telegraph reported . Scroll down for video . Jody Marson -LRB- left and right -RRB- has been named as the prison guard who had an affair with Kieran Loveridge . Kieran Loveridge , who killed Thomas Kelly in a brutal one punch attack in 2012 , allegedly had an affair with Ms Marson . Corrective Services NSW has since launched an investigation into the matter after Loveridge was moved from the Mid North Coast Correctional Centre . The alleged relationship took place inside the the correctional centre where two inmates share one cell . Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison . She is now under investigation . Her Facebook reveals she is a fitness enthusiast , with photos showing her cycling in ironwoman competitions . The social media page also shows renovations she has carried out on a house she recently bought in Port Macquarie on the NSW north coast . When approached by The Daily Telegraph for comment , the 30-year-old did not wish to speak about the matter . Ms Marson -LRB- right -RRB- was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison . Corrective Services NSW Commisioner Peter Severin confirmed they were looking at ` electronic prison records and CCTV footage ' . He told the Daily Telegraph employees were expected to stick with the department 's ` strict and very clear policies and procedures governing how correctional staff should interact with inmates ' . Mr Severin added they would ` fully investigate ' any breaches in behaviour and would enforce suitable penalties , which included dismissal . Loveridge was moved to the higher security prison after he stomped on a fellow inmate 's head along with a 22-year-old prisoner . Thomas Kelly died after he was punched in the head by Loveridge on July 7 , 2012 . A NSW police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia a 21-year-old man was charged with reckless grievous bodily harm following an assault inside a west Kempsey correctional facility . She said police were told ` possibly two or three inmates assaulted another inmate ' who was left with head injuries . Loveridge will appear in Goulburn Local Court on Wednesday , May 27 . The 21-year-old is serving 14 years for Mr Kelly 's manslaughter . Mr Kelly suffered catastrophic head injuries after Loveridge punched him once in an unprovoked attack at Kings Cross , in Sydney 's inner-city , on July 7 , 2012 . The 18-year-old 's life support was turned off two days later . Initially , Loveridge was jailed in November 2013 for just four years for manslaughter , which prompted wide-spread public anger . The Deparment PP launched an appeal against the leniency of the decision , which was upheld and in July 2014 he was handed a lengthier jail time . In November 2013 , a court heard how 19-year-old Loveridge had drunk several cans of Smirnoff double black vodka drinks and shots as he prowled Kings Cross and told a friend ` I swear I 'm going to bash someone ' . Mr Kelly , an accounting cadet , was walking with his girlfriend and talking on his mobile phone when he was violently attacked . Police originally charged Loveridge with murder but he offered to plead guilty to manslaughter . The earliest Loveridge can be released from jail is November 17 , 2022 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .