A former bodyguard who struggled to bond with his nine-year-old autistic son has finally mended their relationship - by becoming his second mother . Until two years ago , 50-year-old Roxy Wallace was a bodyguard called Bob , who lived a reclusive life , plagued by depression . The long-term condition was caused by Bob 's belief that he had been born into the wrong body , a turmoil which made it impossible to have a meaningful relationship with his son William . Scroll down for video . Happy families : Roxy , who was formerly a bodyguard called Bob , has finally mended her relationship with her nine-year-old autistic son William by becoming his second mother . Transition : Roxy -LRB- left -RRB- struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman . She told her wife Jo , 44 , -LRB- right -RRB- about her feelings two years ago and says she is now the ` luckiest woman in the world ' Committed : The pair , who married in 1994 , are now happier than ever , following Roxy 's transition . But , in October 2013 , Roxy finally revealed the truth to 44-year-old Jo , her wife of 20 years . With Jo 's full support , Roxy started on the journey of gender reassignment - a move which has finally given her the parent-son relationship which has always been missing . Jo and Roxy are still together , now in a lesbian relationship . And for William , ` mummy Roxy 's ' new lease of life has changed everything - and he has no desire for ` grumpy daddy ' to return . ` I love my second mummy so much . I never want my daddy back ' , he said . Roxy , from Churchdown , Gloucestershire , began to struggle with depression shortly after marrying Jo in 1994 . It led to crippling migraines , a condition which made Roxy distance herself further from the family . But Roxy is now happier than ever , after starting hormone treatment with the full backing of her family . She hopes to have full gender reassignment surgery by Christmas . She said : ` My biggest fear was pushing my family away - but my depression was so bad that 's what I was doing anyway . I just did n't realise at the time . ` My family have been so supportive of me , and it 's helped me grow and improve as a person . I now feel like the luckiest woman in the world . Vows : Jo , aged 23 on her wedding day , has supported Roxy - pictured as 29-year-old Bob - during her transition . Roxy changed her named by deed poll and hopes to have gender reassignment surgery this year . Roxy began to struggle with depression after the pair were married -LRB- left -RRB- . She had become a full-time carer for the couple 's son but the pair never really bonded . Pictured right : Bob , then 42 , with William , 14 weeks . ` Not only has my amazing wife stood by me , but my son and I are closer than ever . ` When I was Bob , William was so closed off but now he calls me `` mummy Roxy '' and is so much more affectionate and cuddly . I feel so blessed to have such a fantastic family . ' In 2006 , when Jo gave birth their son , Roxy became a full-time carer for William . But the pair never really bonded . Roxy said : ` I was so depressed and in pain every day that I convinced myself that Jo was going to do a runner and I 'd be left without her or William , so I put up a wall between us . ` I 'd feed , water and bathe him but I never connected with him emotionally . ` Looking back now , I had never felt right in myself . Ever since I was about eight years old , I 'd never been into football and just wanted to read Jackie magazine . Secret : Roxy finally told Jo how she felt in October 2013 while the pair were watching TV . Pictured : Jo , then aged 22 , with Bob , then 28 . ` Growing up I thought maybe I was gay because I was so girly , even though I was n't attracted to men and I was bullied constantly for being effeminate . ' Finally , in October 2013 , while Roxy and Jo were watching TV , Roxy revealed her secret . Jo said : ` We were just slobbing on the sofa like any other night when Bob just blurted out that he was a woman , and wanted to start living as a woman . ` In my mind it came out of nowhere , but suddenly everything made sense . ` Bob had been a miserable recluse for years and I 'd always known something was eating him up inside . I was shocked , but all I wanted was for Bob to be happy so I agreed to help him . ` After all , I had been in love with him for 20 years and it did n't matter to me what he looked like on the outside . ' William -LRB- pictured left and right with Roxy -RRB- , who adores ` mummy Roxy ' , has no desire for ` grumpy daddy ' to return . ` I love my second mummy so much . I never want my daddy back ' , he says . She added : ` Watching Bob become a recluse had been so painful . I could see he was in turmoil but even he did n't seem to know why . ` It was such a hard time for us and we stopped going out with friends all together . ' After that , the pair set the wheels in motion for Roxy 's transition . They bought her female hormones online and a new wardrobe . And in the following July , Roxy legally changed her name by deed poll . Jo added : ` We go out clubbing all the time now - Roxy is the best friend I have ever had . She has all the qualities that made me fall in love with Bob , only more . ` William is thrilled too . He loves having two mummies . ' Roxy added : ` I was n't the best dad in the world but I 'm making up for lost time by being a better mother . ` Bob was so masculine and afraid to show emotions but Roxy is very tactile and loving . ` Nothing makes me happier than when William jumps on me , throws his arms around me and gives me a huge kiss . '