A former TV pitchman in Utah known for his over-the-top personality pleaded guilty to harassing a barn owl in flight while on a motorized paraglider . Dell ` Super Dell ' Schanze , 45 , was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts , knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird , according to the Salt Lake Tribune . His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil , horrible person . However , he returned to a federal court on Friday to plead guilty . Schanze was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $ 100,000 in fines if convicted . Dell ` Super Dell ' Schanze arrives for a court appearance at the federal courthouse on Thursday , April 9 , 2015 in Salt Lake City where a plea deal fell through because he refused to admit to the 2011 crime . On Friday , he returned to the court to plead guilty . On Friday , Schanze pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts , knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird . ` There was no plea agreement , and federal prosecutors made no concessions to Schanze as a part of his guilty plea to both counts , ' according to a statement from the U.S. Attorney 's Office , KSL reported . The charges , filed in October 2014 , came after a federal investigation into a video that surfaced online in 2013 . It appeared to show a paraglider near Utah Lake kicking a soaring owl and boasting about it . In a statement released from the attorney 's it said Schanze will forfeit an orange parasail as a substitute asset for the paraglider involved in the illegal conduct . ` Judge Benson also ordered him not to land a paraglider in a federally designated Wilderness Area or in any area closed to motorized access by a federal agency , ' the statement said . On Thursday , Schanze who is known in Utah for his shrill , hyperactive TV commercials for his Totally Awesome Computers retail chain , yet again turned a court hearing into a spectacle . It started when he arrived about five minutes late and entered court wearing dark sunglasses , a tight-fitting black turtleneck , tennis shoes and a fanny pack . When U.S. District Judge Dee Benson began reading through the plea deal , Schanze answered ` yes sir ' to the first few questions but then balked after Benson asked him if it was true that he knowingly harassed the owl in 2011 . Schanze was sentenced to one year of probation and has to forfeit an orange parasail as a substitute asset for the paraglider involved in the illegal conduct -LRB- above Schanze pictured in May 2006 -RRB- . Schanze responded ` No sir . ' ` I 'm going to go out on a limb here , what part is n't true ? ' Benson said . ` Pretty much all of it , but I 'm willing to plea to it if we can finish this today , ' Schanze said . The judge explained to Schanze that he could not accept a plea deal without an admission to the facts . His attorney , Kent Hart , spoke with him several times and the judge at one point brought both attorneys to the bench . ` Do you not see the conundrum ? ' Schanze told the judge . ` I 'm not an evil , horrible guy and I 'm not going to lie . ' Schanze never budged refusing to accept the facts , and Benson ended the hearing and ordered the case to trial beginning on April 20 before he pleaded guilty on Friday . Thursday was also not the first time Schanze has made a sideshow out of a court hearing . At his initial appearance in December , he was handcuffed and briefly held in contempt after being disruptive and combative with a federal judge . During that hearing , he was placed in handcuffs in a Salt Lake City courtroom after he stood up and interrupted a judge at another man 's hearing . U.S. Chief Magistrate Judge Brooke Wells had told that man he would have to surrender any weapons as part of his release . Speaking loudly from the front row , Schanze declared it was unconstitutional to take the man 's guns . Wells ordered U.S. marshals to handcuff Schanze and escort him out . Charges against Schanze came in 2014 after a federal investigation into a video that surfaced online in 2013 and appeared to show a paraglider near Utah Lake kicking a soaring owl and boasting about it . Schanze is known in Utah for his shrill , hyperactive TV commercials for his Totally Awesome Computers retail chain . In 2006 , Schanze shut down his Totally Awesome Computers stores amid sinking sales and legal troubles . He has since run for political office , including a Libertarian bid for governor . Schanze 's paragliding has run afoul of the law before . In 2006 , he was charged with disorderly conduct after flying low near Interstate 15 at rush hour . He kissed the feet of a fan who paid his $ 300 fine in the case . Five years later , Schanze was arrested in Oregon after allegedly jumping off the 125-foot-tall Astoria Column . He said outside the jail the government was stifling his creativity . His other legal troubles include a 2005 conviction for lying to officers after prosecutors said he brandished a gun at Draper residents angry that he 'd sped through their neighborhood . Four years later , Schanze was sentenced to ten days in jail after police stopped him for weaving in and out of traffic . Prosecutors say his children were n't wearing seatbelts , and Schanze was carrying a loaded gun in his fanny pack without a permit . Schanze -LRB- pictured above in 2010 -RRB- shut down his stores in 2006 amid sinking sales and legal troubles .