Barcelona scored three crucial away goals and all but ended the tie after easing to a 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes . Goals from Neymar and a double from Luis Suarez , made sure the La Liga leaders travel back to Spain delighted with the result and their performance . Here Sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final . Luis Suarez was the star man for Barcelona and scored a brilliant second-half double to put them in control . Paris Saint-Germain -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- . Salvatore Sirigu - 6 - Commanding in the air with a disjointed defence in front of him but could do nothing to stop Neymar 's cool finish . Gregory Van der Wiel - 5.5 - Unlikely to have started had Thiago Silva and David Luiz been fit to play the full game and was struggled to cope with Neymar 's trickery , speed and movement . Marquinhos - 6.5 - Another bold performance from the Brazilian . Difficult to believe he is only 20 years old . Barcelona 's front three still had their moments but Marquinhos was generally in control . Thiago Silva - 5.5 - Injured early on and replaced by his compatriot David Luiz . PSG need their skipper back if they are to turn this around in the Camp Nou . PSG -LRB- left -RRB- missed their skipper , who was forced off , and will be praying he can play at the Nou Camp . Maxwell - 6 - The former Barcelona full-back will have been grateful for the suspension of Daniel Alves , allowing him a less stressful evening from a defensive point of view against the more conservative Martin Montoya . Good delivery going the other way . Blaise Matuidi - 7 - Powerful and determined , he inherited the captain 's armband when Silva went off injured and produced a relentless midfield performance . You can understand why Manchester United scouted him so closely last season . Yohan Cabaye - 5 - A dreadful lunge on Iniesta summed up a difficult first half for the Frenchman . Lacks the ball quality of Marco Verratti and the defensive acumen of Thiago Motta , who were sorely missed in the midfield . Booked . Former Newcastle United star Yohan Cabaye -LRB- left -RRB- struggled and looked out of his depth at times . Adrien Rabiot - 6 - A courageous performance from the youngster . Good energy and did n't shy away from the challenge . Ezequiel Lavezzi - 5.5 - Little impact from the winger . Moments of quality few and far between . Edinson Cavani - 5.5 - So often leaves you wanting more in these pivotal games . Denied by a marvellous Mascherano challenge in the first half but lacked the conviction to really take on the opportunity . Reported Manchester United target Edinson Cavani had no luck in front of goal and was wasteful . Javier Pastore 6 - Brilliant opening very early on in the game but miskicked badly . Subs . David Luiz -LRB- Silva , 21 -RRB- - 5.5 - Was treated by a Russian doctor for his hamstring injury - recommended by Andre Villas Boas - in a bid to get back in time for the game . However , he did n't look fully fit and was exposed for Suarez 's first goal . David Luiz -LRB- 32 -RRB- had a torrid time after he replaced Silva and was nutmugged twice for Suarez 's two goals . Lucas -LRB- for Rabiot , 65 -RRB- - 5 - Could n't influence the game as Suarez strengthened his grip with second and third goals . Bookings : Cabaye . Subs not used : Douchez , Camara , Bahebeck , Digne , Kimpembe . Manager : Laurent Blanc - 6 - Must have felt like he was playing with a player less with Verratti , Luiz and Ibrahimovic all unable to start . To lose captain Silva so early was a bitter blow , too , . Barcelona . Marc-Andre ter Stegen - 6 - Little chance with the consolation goal but one excellent stop to deny Cavani . Growing in stature . Martin Montoya - 6 - Lacks the marauding energy of Daniel Alves but did n't put a foot wrong in assured showing . Gerard Pique - 6.5 - Overcome the problems of earlier in the campaign and resembles a world-class centre back once again . Javier Mascherano - 8 - Such a brilliant reader of the game . Several superb challenges and his transition from midfield to defence has been almost seamless . No wonder Roy Hodgson admires him so much . Javier Mascherano proved how important he is to Barcelona with another impressive display at the back . Jordi Alba - 6.5 - Usual energetic self , offering menace in attack and robust defending . Sergio Busquets - 7 - The pivot that holds this Barcelona midfield together . Precise on the ball and his movement without it is terrific . Ivan Rakitic - 5.5 - Quiet night and not at his creative best . Still a way to go to demonstrate he can hold a place in this team in the long-term . Andres Iniesta - 6 - A first touch that should be taught to every child with aspirations of making the grade in the game . Usual excellent movement and passing . Luis Suarez - 8.5 - Quiet first half but came alive in scintillating fashion to decide the game and almost definitely the tie . Suarez was in top form and embarrassed Luiz for his two goals , showing off his genius ability . Lionel Messi - 6.5 - Sliced PSG apart with surgical precision to set up Neymar 's opening goal . Neymar - 7.5 - There had been suggestions Neymar is unhappy that his manager replaces him so regularly during games . An early goal , tucked away so clinically , is a good way to stop that happening . Lionel Messi was instrumental in the opening goal for Neymar and was tidy throughout the clash . Neymar opened the scoring with a neat finish and cause Van der Wiel a number of problems throughout . Subs not used : Bravo , Pedro , Rafinha , Bartra . Bookings : Pique , Messi . Subs . Xavi -LRB- for Iniesta , 53 -RRB- - 6 - Still the same midfield metronome . Did n't waste a pass . Mathieu -LRB- for Rakitic , 74 -RRB- - 5 - Might have done better to prevent the PSG consolation . Adriano -LRB- for Montoya , 80 -RRB- - 5.5 - Game was won but kept things ticking over . Man of the Match : Luis Suarez 8.5 . Manager : Luis Enrique - 7 - Has recovered from the ordeal of the first half of the season and his side are heading towards a triumphant end to the campaign . Fearsome front three could carry Enrique to European glory . Referee : Mark Clattenburg -LRB- England -RRB- - 7 - Did n't put a foot wrong and it may be that our leading official progresses some way further than our leading sides in this competition .