A Soviet dissident who spent 12 years in prison and forced labour camps is to be charged with making and possessing indecent images of children after a police investigation . Vladimir Bukovsky , 72 , has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s after he was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda . It came after he managed to smuggle to the West 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state . Soviet-era dissident Vladimir Bukovsky , who has been summonsed to appear in court next month to be charged with making and possessing indecent images of children . But now Bukovsky has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates early next month following an investigation by Cambridgeshire Police , the Crown Prosecution Service said . He will be charged with five counts of making an indecent photograph of a child , five counts of possessing indecent photographs of children , and one count of possessing a prohibited image . Jenny Hopkins , Chief Crown Prosecutor for the CPS in the East of England , said : ` Following an investigation by Cambridgeshire Police , we have concluded that there is sufficient evidence and it is in the public interest to prosecute Vladimir Bukovsky in relation to the alleged making and possessing of indecent images of children . ' She added : ` The decision to prosecute was taken in accordance with the Code for Crown Prosecutors . ' Bukovsky is a dissident , author and activist who spent 12 years in Soviet prisons , forced-labour camps and forced-treatment psychiatric hospitals . He was first arrested by the Soviet authorities when he was part of a group of young activists who held public readings of banned poetry and organised demonstrations against the heavy-handed tactics of the authorities . The revelations sparked an international outcry , and Bukovsky was arrested for the spread of anti-Soviet propaganda . In 1976 he finally secured his freedom when he was exchanged by the Soviet government for the Chilean Communist party leader Luis Corvalan . He was described by The Daily Telegraph as ` pale and haggard ' and ` underfed with an accelerated heartbeat ' after his long incarceration . Bukovsky will appear at Cambridge Magistrates Court , pictured , on May 5 after receiving a summons . He denies the allegations . He moved to Britain soon after and has lived in Cambridge ever since . He is a senior fellow at the libertarian think-tank the Cato Institute , according to its website . Bukovsky has written many books about his experience , including his memoir To Build a Castle : My Life as a Dissenter , and he has repeatedly called for Russians to stand up to president Vladimir Putin . He accused Russia of orchestrating the murder of former spy Alexander Litvinenko , who was poisoned by radioactive polonium-210 which was slipped into his tea at a Mayfair hotel . At a hearing with Mr Litvinenko 's widow Marina in 2013 he said : ` Since the Russian authorities got away with this murder they continue the practice . They encourage the Soviet regime to continue murdering people . ` It 's like giving them a licence to kill , like announcing a season for hunting . ' In 2004 he was one of the founders of the Committee 2008 whose purpose is to ensure free and fair elections in Russia . Bukovsky has denied the accusations and the charges against him and has said that he will vigorously deny them . He will appear at Cambridge Magistrates ' Court on May 5 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .