A London marathon runner stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in an incredibly heart-warming video . Jordan Meikle was filmed approaching the spectator 's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near Canary Wharf by his girlfriend 's father Mark Harris . The 23-year-old , who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing , is captured standing before her stretching his muscles . Jordan Meikle stretches his muscles in front of the spectator 's barriers at the London Marathon . Biding his time while masking the slight smirk on his face , Jordan lunges into another stretch -- one that has him facing his girlfriend on one knee -- and reveals the ring box from behind his back . His girlfriend , Kayleigh Harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture and stands back in shock as Jordan beams up at her . Cheers sound from the people standing by watching and runners can be seen clapping in approval as they jog past the couple . Getting to his feet , Jordan then presents Kayleigh with her ring and seals the deal with a kiss and a cuddle . While stretching the 23-year-old gets down on one knee and suddenly produces a ring from behind his back . He then has a sip of water and after saying his goodbye 's heads back into the pack of runners and carries on with his race . Talking to MailOnline , Jordan said : ` I wanted to propose for a while now but wanted it to be somewhere extra special where there would be hundreds of people in the same area -- plus somewhere she could n't escape . ` After the marathon I met my fiancee and family at the mall and cuddled and celebrated a little bit until my legs turned to rock and I had to lay on the floor . ` Our anniversary is on April 29 , so proposing so close to the day and in front of my family and hers was daunting but also amazing -- my happiest day so far . ' After sealing the deal with a kiss and a cuddle , Jordan rejoins the pack of runners and carries on with the race . The video , which was uploaded to Facebook , has been viewed almost 25,000 times and has received a number of positive comments . Claire Harris wrote : ` Congratulations ! I barely even know you but I 'm sitting in the staffroom with tears in my eyes ! How fantastic !! ' Jordan was running the race to help raise funds for the Salvation Army , who provide accommodation for homeless people . According to his Just Giving page , Jordan had excelled his target of £ 1,500 by raising £ 1,760.37 in funds from a total of 88 donations .