With rigorous grooming regimes and Instagram filters , it seems that some celebrities are on a constant mission to stay forever young - and succeeding . But whether it 's through botched surgeries , poor lifestyles , stressful career lows or shattered relationships , certain stars have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries . From child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light or golden Hollywood stars that have greyed with time , FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly . LINDSAY LOHAN . Lindsay Lohan at the age of 18 in 2005 -LRB- left -RRB- and now at the age of 28 -LRB- right -RRB- . The child actress shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as The Parent Trap , Freaky Friday and Mean Girls , but despite showing much promise , the now 28-year-old began to experience regular run-ins with the law and started appearing on headlines for the wrong reasons . A few rehab stints , DUI charges and parole violations later and it seems like Lohan 's fast-paced lifestyle is finally catching up to her . The star has recently began showing rapid signs of ageing , including lines and over-plumped lips . JOHNNY DEPP . Johnny Depp at the age of 39 in 2003 -LRB- left -RRB- and now at 51 -LRB- right -RRB- . Johnny Depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks and acting versatility , which scored him roles in films such as Edward Scissorhands and A Nightmare on Elm Street . Having dated a slew of beautiful it-girls such as Winona Ryder and Kate Moss , before having two children with long-term partner Vanessa Paradis , the 51-year-old actor is now married to 29-year-old actress Amber Heard . It seems the series of high-profile relationships and a long-term smoking habit has taken its toll on the actor , as he now exhibits duller skin and lacklustre hair . KATE MOSS . Supermodel Kate Moss at the age of 30 in 2004 -LRB- left -RRB- , now at the age of 41 -LRB- right -RRB- . Kate Moss was , and still remains , one of the most famous supermodels in the world , rising to fame in the Nineties after she was discovered at the tender age of 14 . The now 41-year-old ushered in the supermodel movement ` heroin chic ' , and popularised waif models at the time . However , 20 years of drinks and partying have seemingly aged the supermodel , who only celebrated her 41st birthday in January - but exhibits fine lines and dull skin . BRAD PITT . Brad Pitt at the age of 42 in 2006 -LRB- left -RRB- and now at 51 -LRB- right -RRB- . Brad Pitt made his breakout role as a denim-sporting , cowboy hat-toting , golden-skinned bandit in Thelma & Louise in 1991 , and quickly gained celebrity for his dashing looks . The actor has since been regularly cited as one of the world 's most attractive men , and the now 51-year-old has been with wife Angelina Jolie since 2005 , with whom he has six children with . But it seems like the strain of a hectic life has taken its toll on Pitt 's looks , and the actor looks more haggard and greyed by the day . BRITNEY SPEARS . Britney Spears at the age of 21 in 2003 -LRB- left -RRB- and now at the age of 33 -LRB- right -RRB- . At one point , Britney Spears was the apple of the eye of every Noughties guy and gal , sporting the widely-popular all-American aesthetic and busting out hit tunes such as Baby One More Time and Oops ! I Did It Again . But it seems the fame and attention came too early , and the star suffered an apparent breakdown in 2007 , shaving her head completely bald and beating a paparazzi 's car with an umbrella . Since then , the 33-year-old pop star has slowly tried to bring back her career , but her weighty personal issues have inevitably taken their toll on her appearance . MACAULAY CULKIN . Macaulay Culkin at the age of 24 in 2005 -LRB- left -RRB- and now at the age of 34 -LRB- right -RRB- . One of the most prominent child stars of our time , a baby-faced Macaulay Culkin soared to fame in 1990 Christmas favourite , Home Alone , when he was just ten years old . After completing a sequel a couple of years later , the star seemingly dropped off the public radar , struggling to secure acting work . The next time the now 34-year-old made headlines were for drug misdemeanors , and the star has since been seen chain-smoking and sporting an unrecognisably gaunt physique . renÉe ZELLWEGER . Renée Zellweger at the age of 36 in 2006 -LRB- left -RRB- and now at the age of 45 -LRB- right -RRB- . The American actress rocketed to fame as our favourite ` verbally incontinent spinster who drinks like a fish , smokes like a chimney , and dresses like her mother ' : Bridget Jones . The 45-year-old 's protrayal of the lovable and relatable character saw Zellweger 's popularity spike and she landed additional hit roles in films such as Chicago and Cold Mountain . However , it seems the pressure to maintain a youthful complexion took its toll and Zellweger was subject to some controversy late last year , when she stepped out sporting a distinctively tauter but unrecognisable face . LEONARDO DICAPRIO . Leonardo DiCaprio at the age of 31 in 2006 -LRB- left -RRB- , and now at 40 -LRB- right -RRB- . With more than 30 years in the acting industry , Leonardo DiCaprio swiftly sealed his position as Hollywood hearthrob after roles in films such as Titanic and Romeo + Juliet . Having for the duration of his career remained a bachelor and enjoyed a regularly publicised party-boy lifestyle , it 's no wonder that the actor 's once-revered looks have begun to fade . The star is regularly seen out chain-smoking , sporting a hefty beard and a pot belly . MISCHA BARTON . Mischa Barton at the age of 21 in 2007 -LRB- left -RRB- and then now at the age of 29 -LRB- right -RRB- . Rocketing to stardom as troubled all-American girl Marissa Cooper in The O.C. , Barton was the envy of every teen due to her flawless looks . After The O.C. , the actress struggled with securing film roles , and battled with yo-yo dieting , displaying dramatically fluctuating weight losses and gains . The 29-year-old star also had run-ins with the law and was charged with a DUI and possession of drugs in 2007 . It seems as if Barton 's hectic lifestyle and stress has started to catch up with her , with her face displaying signs of accelerated ageing . RUSSELL CROWE . Russell Crowe at the age of 41 in 2005 -LRB- left -RRB- , the actor now at 51 -LRB- right -RRB- . Australian actor Russell Crowe has enjoyed a successful career , scooping an Oscar in 2000 for his role in Ridley Scott-directed Gladiator . Although Crowe was always known for his messy unshaven looks , it seems as if the now 51-year-old has completely let go of his grooming regime all together . The star sports an unruly greyed beard and has put on a considerable amount of weight . Here FEMAIL rounds up the other celebrities who have aged badly ... World-renowned singer and performer , Madonna , at 42 years of age in 2001 -LRB- left -RRB- , now at 56 -LRB- right -RRB- . Baywatch star Pamela Anderson at the age of 35 in 2003 -LRB- left -RRB- , now at the age of 47 -LRB- right -RRB- . Singer Michelle Williams , formerly of Destiny 's Child , at 25 years of age in 2006 -LRB- left -RRB- and now at 34 -LRB- right -RRB- . Actress Meg Ryan , at the age of 39 in 2000 -LRB- left -RRB- and age 53 now -LRB- right -RRB- .