Patrick Vieira 's Manchester City Elite Development Squad saw their Barclays Under 21 Premier League title hopes take a hit as an own goal gifted West Ham a deserved victory over them at Upton Park . A Dan Potts header and Adam Drury 's own goal gave West Ham a two-goal lead before Olivier Ntcham pulled back a goal for City , but it was not enough . Patrick Vieira 's side were missing a number of players who were busy preparing for Monday night 's FA Youth Cup final second leg against Chelsea , when they will be looking to overturn a 3-1 deficit at Stamford Bridge . Dan Potts scored the opener to set West Ham on their way before an own goal doubled their lead . Patrick Vieira witnessed his Manchester City Under 21s side lose to West Ham at Upton Park on Friday . West Ham United : Spiegel , Knoyle , Page -LRB- c -RRB- , Nasha -LRB- Mavila 80 -RRB- , Pask , Potts , Ward -LRB- Pike 72 -RRB- , Makasi , Brown , Diangana , Parfitt-Williams . Unused subs : Bogard , Westley , Hector-Ingram . Manchester City : Gunn , Drury , Oliver , Smith-Brown , Horsfield , Holland , Intima , Ntcham , Pozo , Glendon -LRB- c -RRB- , Dilrosum -LRB- Nuttall 60 -RRB- . Unused subs : Tattum , O'Brien , Bullock , Fernandes . Under the Upton Park lights , the hosts took the lead inside just 11 minutes . A Djair Parfitt-Williams cross came in from the right and full back Potts was the surprise recipient , popping up to head past Angus Gunn at the far post . City rallied and Potts proved his worth at the other end , clearing Jorge Intima 's strike off the line following a corner . The visitors were in the ascendency going into half-time but within nine minutes of the restart West Ham had doubled their lead and this time it was a gift . Jordan Brown fired in a teasing cross and Drury could only stab into his own net in an attempt to clear . Olivier Ntcham , pictured playing against Roma earlier this season , pulled one back but it was in vain . City finally pulled one back with 14 minutes to go when Ntcham rounded goalkeeper Raphael Spiegel to half the deficit . Tom Holland and Jose Pozo both went close to levelling matters and substitute Fernandes shot wide when he maybe should have scored . But the Hammers held on for three points as City 's title hopes at Under 21 level took a hit .