For Chris Brugger the cost of staying alive is $ 16,000 every three weeks . This is what the New South Wales leukaemia patient must pay for a new drug treatment that is keeping him alive . The 35-year-old , father-of-two from Griffith says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his Hodgkin 's disease - Brentuximab Vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically . It 's for this reason that his ` My Name Is Chris ' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment as it ca n't be distributed on the current Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme -LRB- PBS -RRB- . Scroll down for video . The Brugger family -LRB- from left to right : Tomas , Naomi , Liam and Chris -RRB- attended a Senate inquiry on Monday in Canberra . Chris relaxs at The Kinghorn Cancer Centre as he receives his first dose of Brentuximab in January . The 35-year-old has had no shortage of support from his friends during his treatment . He 's now been able to go back to work part-time in between travelling to Sydney for medical treatment . His family argue that it also reinforces why it is essential to get Hodgkin 's Lymphoma treatment , Brentuximab Vedotin , on the PBS . ` My Name is Chris ' was launched in mid-January following confirmation of Chris 's relapse in December , and it has made a huge difference , ' Chris 's wife Naomi told Daily Mail Australia . ` Words ca n't describe ! Without the campaign , we simply would not be able to afford to access Brentuximab . The Brugger family are hoping that the new treatment will mean there are happier times ahead . Chris and his son Tomas share a hug in hospital in December after Chris hears the devastating news he had relapsed . Chris and his one-year-old son Liam enjoy some time out together . ` Mentally it has also had a huge impact on Chris , he literally thought he was going to die in December , by the end of January he was feeling well , and inspired to fight harder than ever before . ' Some of the fundraising that has taken place and donations given to the campaign have hugely raised his spirits too , with people 's generosity taking him aback . ` Individually we had a $ 5,000 anonymous donation , ' Chris told Daily Mail Australia . ` Over Easter we held the Festival of Chris which raised $ 15,000 as well as an event ` Celebrazione ' at De Bortoli Wines Bulbil where we operated the BBQ and gate , collecting $ 3425.40 . A hospital bill shows the $ 16,000 cost of Chris 's Brentuximab Vedotin treatment . It 's not just adults that have been helping - kids also proudly wear ` My Name Is Chris ' T-shirts that have been purchased . ` De Bortoli Wines matched that , meaning we raised $ 6850.80 - so in two days we raised close to $ 22,000 . ' One donation in particular stood out for Chris and showed humanity at its best . It took place in March when Chris was at a fishing event - the Bidgee Classic selling merchandise for the ` My Name is Chris ' campaign . ` A young boy , maybe 8 or 9 years old was talking to him and said his grandma had passed away from cancer , ' Chris explains . ` He then disappeared and came back with a handful of coins - he donated all that he had to help . ` This was extremely moving and quite emotional . ' A cricket bat signed by all the Australian team was just one item that was auctioned to help raise money for Chris 's treatment . Chris has been humbled by the generosity that has been shown to him in recent months . It 's been a taxing time for Chris , his wife Naomi , 32 , and his two young sons Tomas , 4 , and Liam , 1 , but they remain positive that thanks to his treatment they will still share many happy years together . ` The immediate future is all about survival and raising the profile of My Name is Chris in order to educate others about cancer , medications , their options and taking their health into their own hands , ' Naomi says . ` Beyond that , Chris hopes the future is bright . Brentuximab is working which means he will be around for a good while yet to enjoy being a dad to Liam and Tomas and take back his life . A Shannon Noll signed shirt was overwhelmingly popular at a recent auction for the cause . Chris 's treatment at The Kinghorn Cancer Centre has been going well . ` It 's important to remember cancer is a word , not a sentence . ' 9 News also reports that Naomi told a Senate inquiry on Monday of the family 's initial distress when trying to raise the sum for each dose of the new drug treatment . ` It 's been hard going , I 've been away from the boys , ' she told the inquiry hearing in Canberra . A Penrith Panthers jersey signed by all the team also generated plenty of interest at auction . ` They 're not only missing out on dad , they 're missing out on mum who 's trying to keep Dad alive . ' Naomi told the hearing about the death of two other patients in December because they could not get affordable access to the drugs . The most concerning issue was the time it took for drug treatments to get approved for subsidies from the government regulator .