Apple Inc has approached more than a dozen musicians , including British band Florence and the Machine , in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on Beats , according to a new report . The company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June , Bloomberg said . Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships , the report said . Beats-ing the competition ? Apple Inc has approached more than a dozen musicians , including Taylor Swift and British band Florence and the Machine in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on Beats . Apple declined to comment . Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months . There will be a $ 9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $ 14.99 , according to sources , Bloomberg said . Apple bought audio equipment and music streaming company Beats for about $ 3 billion in May 2014 , hoping to catch up in fast-growing music streaming industry . Music streaming service Tidal , launched last month by rapper Jay Z , is also trying to convince artists to sign exclusive deals for their content , to fend off competition from services such as Spotify and Google Inc 's YouTube . Competitors : The Jay Z-backed Beats competitor Tidal has a slew of big name co-owners including Madonna , Nicki Minaj and Rihanna . Here , Beyonce and Madonna attend the Tidal launch in New York March 30 . Tidal is n't new , but it 's getting a reboot from rapper Jay-Z , who bought the Scandinavian company behind it , Aspiro . Madonna , Rihanna and Beyonce are among the co-owners . That 's notable because many artists complain about how little payment they get from other music services , such as Spotify . As owners , artists could insist on better deals . The membership-based service will provide music and video content that users can stream on computers , tablets and smartphones or listen to offline . It is being offered at two price points : $ 10 for standard sound quality and $ 20 for ` lossless high fidelity sound quality . ' SPOTIFY . One of the most popular music services , with 60 million active users worldwide , and a quarter of them paying subscribers . Just this week , Spotify launched an app on Sony 's PlayStation game console . The two companies worked closely to make listening seamless , so music can be heard in the background while playing games , without losing the game 's sound effects , for instance . Spotify offers unlimited listening and Internet radio . It 's free with ads ; on mobile devices , users are limited to Internet radio and ca n't choose songs . Paying $ 10 a month gets you an ad-free premium service that offers song selection and offline playback on mobile devices . PANDORA . Offers Internet radio only . More than 81 million active listeners . Free with ads , or pay $ 5 a month for an ad-free premium service and higher-quality audio over Web browsers . TIDAL . Unlimited listening . Among the few services offering high-fidelity songs , which many audiophiles prefer over MP3s and other formats that reduce quality in the compression process . Offers music video and curated playlists from experts . $ 10 a month for standard sound quality and $ 20 for high fidelity . There 's no free offering . APPLE . Pay per song to download and own forever through iTunes . Free Internet radio through iTunes Radio on Apple devices . Also owns Beats Music , which offers unlimited listening for $ 10 a month , with no free version . Beats touts its playlists and other recommendations curated by experts , not computers . GOOGLE . Pay per song through Google Play . Google Play Music service offers unlimited listening for $ 10 a month , with no free option . Google also offers YouTube Music Key for selected music videos , free of ads , for $ 10 . Paying for one gets you the other , too . AMAZON . Pay-per-song offering . Amazon 's $ 99-a-year Prime membership comes with unlimited listening , though the song selection is n't as broad as what rivals offer . SAMSUNG 'S MILK MUSIC . Offers free Internet radio like Pandora and others , but tries to make it easier to find music to match your mood . Instead of typing in songs or artists to find matching stations , you spin an on-screen wheel to go through various genres until you land on something you like . Initially exclusive to Samsung TVs and mobile devices , there 's now a Web player for personal computers . Source : AP .