A 73-year-old woman died in front of horrified family members after she was knocked over by a Canadian tourist while visiting the Great Wall of China . Cui Hongfang , from Heilongjiang Province in north-eastern China , hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old Canadian woman . Police have ruled the tragedy an accident , although they are still investigating the circumstances of the Chinese woman 's death . Cui Hongfang 's family told Chinese media that the Canadian tourist was running down steep steps . The victim 's husband told The Beijing News that his wife was knocked over as the tourist ran down steps on a steep section of the wall on Wednesday . He told the newspaper : ` The foreigner was moving really fast . She was chasing -LSB- someone -RSB- and laughing and wanted to go between me and my wife . ' Mrs Hongfang 's family members said she lost conscious immediately , was bleeding from her mouth , nose and ears , and stopped breathing shortly after she was knocked over on the Mutianyu section of the Great Wall . They said the tourist ran further down the wall and then returned to the spot where the collision occurred . Police in Beijing have ruled Cui Hongfang 's death an accident , although they are still investigating . Mrs Hongfang 's family called police and paramedics , who did not arrive until approximately one hour later due to the remote location north of Beijing . An official with the Mutianyu Great Wall Tourism Services Company told news website China.org.cn that the collision occurred in a ` blind spot ' within the CCTV system , so there is no footage of it . The official said : ` We have rules and warnings for tourists , asking them not to chase each other , run fast or play around on the steep sections of the Great Wall . ' Police decided not to charge the Canadian woman after interviewing her and witnesses . Mrs Hongfang 's relatives were not pleased that the woman has not been charged with an offence such as involuntary manslaughter , and investigators advised them to file a civil lawsuit against the tourist , who has since returned to Canada .