Raheem Sterling 's controversial ` It 's - Not-About-The-Money ' campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium , where Liverpool and Arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans . ' £ 5bn and what do we get ? £ 64 a ticket ' read one banner , held across the home and away fans before kick-off . Hopefully the irony was n't lost on Sterling , even if it did not interfere with his football . It was a difficult afternoon for Raheem Sterling , who toiled as Arsenal surged to victory over Liverpool . Sterling -LRB- centre -RRB- is crowded out by Arsenal players as he struggled to impose himself on the game . Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool 's penalty , which was only a consolation . Sterling tussles with Per Mertersacker -LRB- left -RRB- and struggled to repeatedly threaten Arsenal 's defence . Crowd reaction : . Quite indifferent . A few jeers from the Arsenal fans now and then , but nothing serious . They would n't want to put him off . After all , he 's flattered by the interest . No notable dissent from Liverpool fans , away in the far corner . They joined his appeals for a penalty when he had been nudged over by Hector Bellerin . Body Language : . Good . Bright and busy . Energetic , showed willingly for the ball and did n't shirk the physical battle with Per Mertesacker in the first half . Keen to pick up the ball and run in the second half . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers looks on as Sterling watches the play unfold . Sterling was positioned in an advanced role for Liverpool , a position he admits he prefers playing . Sterling looks dejected as Liverpool were comfortably beaten by Arsenal in the Premier League . Position : . Started up front where he likes it -LRB- and not at wing-back where it seems he does n't -RRB- because Daniel Sturridge was only fit enough for the bench after the hip injury which ruled him out of England duty . Jordan Henderson deputised at right-wing-back . Sturridge came on to replace Lazar Markovic at the break , with Liverpool three down . Sterling dropped to be one of the support strikers , from the left . Mertesacker -LRB- right -RRB- puts in a challenge on Sterling in the early Saturday game in the Premier League . Sterling -LRB- left -RRB- is challenged by Arsenal 's attacking midfielder Mesut Ozil in the game at The Emirates . Form : . Early tackle from Laurent Koscielny which left him on his back , holding his foot . Slid one shot wide form edge of box . Unable to reach a pass from Markovic when Markovic should have taken on the shot . More involved after the break when he switched to the left wing and Liverpool threw caution to the wind . Really came to life in the last 20 minutes , winning the penalty scored by Henderson , 15 minutes from time , when fouled by Bellerin . Sterling -LRB- right -RRB- takes the ball beyond Arsenal midfield player Aaron Ramsey at The Emirates . Sterling -LRB- centre -RRB- is blocked off by Bellerin of Arsenal , who scored the opener after 37 minutes . Interaction . Limited . Played up front alone . Nothing much to celebrate . Hugs and handshakes after the match for a few Arsenal players but not with his team-mates . Joined his team-mates when they trudged over to applaud the fans at the end and left the pitch in conversation with Sturridge . Sterling -LRB- right -RRB- shares a joke with Daniel Sturridge in the warm-up before the game against Arsenal . Sterlign -LRB- right -RRB- gets a delivery into the penalty area as Bellerin attempts to block . Sterling -LRB- right -RRB- trudges off of the pitch after being humbled by Arsenal in a 4-1 loss at The Emirates . Verdict : . Among Liverpool 's better players , but unable to seize the game and produce the sort of performance that would enhance his negotiating stance and convince the world he belongs at the very top .