The camera on your iPhone could soon help save your life by testing to see if you have cancer in just a few minutes . Scientists have developed a device that clips onto the smartphone and could even eventually be used at home . Their device uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells . Scroll down for video . The graphic above shows how a blood sample can be mixed with microbeads that bind to cancerous cells -LRB- labelled A -RRB- . When these are placed in a clip on module -LRB- B -RRB- that attaches to a iPhone camera -LRB- C -RRB- the microbeads produce distinctive diffraction patterns when they clump around a diseased cell -LRB- top right -RRB- . When added to a tissue or blood sample , these microbeads bind to any cancerous cells in the sample , changing the way light passes through it . Using a smartphone app , these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes . A tissue sample taken from a biopsy or blood from a simple finger prick is mixed with microbeads labelled with specific antibodies . This mixture is then placed on a slide that is inserted into a module that can clip onto the camera of a smartphone . An LED at the back of the module illuminates the sample on the slide and lens in the module magnifies the image , which is then captured using the camera on the phone . The scientists used an iPhone 4S in their tests meaning an 8MP camera is enough . When clumped around a cell , the beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample . They produce distinctive diffraction patterns in in the image if clumped together . The user can send this image to a central computer for analysis . The researchers claim it can asses 100,000 cells from a single image in around 45 minutes . The researchers say each test costs around £ 1.20 -LRB- $ 1.80 -RRB- . The scientists behind the device , based at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School , say it can even return results within two minutes . They have already tested their device to detect cervical cancer in tissue samples obtained during smear tests . However , they say the system - known as digital diffraction diagnosis or D3 - can be adapted to screen for other types of cancers and they have already begun a trial testing for lymphoma . Professor Ralph Weissleder , a system 's biologist at Harvard Medical School who led the work , said it could even be used to help diagnose infectious diseases like HIV , TB and Ebola . Writing in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Professor Weissleder and his colleagues said : ` We envisage that these advances will position D3 as a versatile screening tool for various cancer types -LRB- eg cervix , breast ad lymphoma -RRB- and infectious diseases -LRB- eg Ebola , HIV and tuberculosis -RRB- with applications in field work , mobile clinics and home care settings . ' The device works by using microbeads that specifically target molecules that sit on the surface of cancer cells . Diseased cells often produce molecules that makes them stand out from healthy tissue and so can be detected by antibodies . The graphic above shows how the new device works with a iPhone to analyse samples for signs of cancer . The images above show how the microbeads -LRB- small white circles in bottom images -RRB- clump around cells -LRB- dotted lines -RRB- in samples that were found to be of high risk of cervical cancer -LRB- left -RRB- low risk -LRB- middle -RRB- and benign -LRB- right -RRB- . By attaching specific antibodies to the beads , it is possible to make them bind to these molecules , meaning they will gather around a cancerous cell in a tissue or blood sample . The scientists developed a module that can be attached to the camera of an iPhone 4s device . A tissue sample taken from a biopsy or blood from a simple finger prick could be mixed with these labelled microbeads and then placed on a slide . This is then inserted into a module that can be clipped onto the camera of a smartphone . An LED at the back of the module illuminates the sample on the slide and an image is taken by the camera on the phone . The scientists used an iPhone 4S in their tests . When clumped around a cell , the beads alter the way the light passes through the sample by scattering it into distinctive diffraction patterns . This can be detected by a central computer that looks for these distinctive patterns . The researchers say each test costs around £ 1.20 -LRB- $ 1.80 -RRB- . They tested the device on 25 women whose smear tests suggested they were at risk of cervical cancer . The graphic above shows the internal structure of the diagnosis module that can be attacked to a smartphone . They also used it to detect infection with human papilloma virus , which is thought to cause the cancer . The images above show how the diffraction patterns created by beads and cells change when the beads clump around a cell , highlighting cancerous cells -LRB- bottom -RRB- compared to a healthy cell -LRB- top -RRB- . They found that their results were between 92 % and 100 % accurate when compared to the current ` gold standard ' diagnostic test . Professor Weissleder said that the prevalence of smartphone technology around the world could bring tests like this to remote areas . He said : ` By taking advantage of the increased penetration of mobile phone technology worldwide , the system should allow the prompt triaging of suspicious or high-risk cases that could help to offset delays caused by limited pathology services in those regions and reduce the need for patients to return for follow-up care , which is often challenging for them . Dr Cesar Castro , a cancer specialist at Massachusets General Hospital , said it could prove invaluable for places like Botswana , where there are less than 10 pathologists in the whole country . He said : ` The global burden of cancer , limited access to prompt pathology services in many regions and emerging cell profiling technologies increase the need for low-cost , portable and rapid diagnostic approaches that can be delivered at the point of care . ' Parents can use their smartphone to spot the early stages of retinoblastoma , an aggressive , deadly eye cancer affecting predominantly young children . The cancer , which develops in the retinal cells of the eye , is fast growing and lead to sufferers needing their eye removed . Taking a photo of a child 's eye using a flash can highlight signs of a tumour as the cells reflect the light back , making the pupil appear white . The Childhood Eye Cancer Trust launched a campaign last year urging parents to use their smartphones to conduct the test .