Mourinho with his wife Matilde Faria at the 2014 Victoria 's Secret Fashion show in London . Chelsea football manager Jose Mourinho has revealed that he talks to God every day , but never about football and never discusses the game with his wife . The father-of-two said that he and his family ` know about poverty ' and have been privileged to have worked with the Word Food Programme as an ambassador against hunger . The 52-year-old football manager said that he tries his best to separate his professional and his family life . Speaking to the Daily Telegraph , Mourinho admitted that he has a strong faith in God . ` I believe totally , clearly . Every day I pray ; every day I speak with Him . I do n't go to the church every day , not even every week . I go when I feel I need to . And when I 'm in Portugal , I always go . ' The former Real Madrid manager said he only prays for things in is personal life , never about Chelsea . ` I can say the reality is I never go to the church to speak with Him about football . Never ! ' Despite his intensely arrogant persona on the sideline , Mourinho claims that he is a good person . ` I think so . I try to be . And I think I am . I do n't have problems with family or friends . I am a good family person ; I am a good friend . I try to support people that I do n't even know . ` Do I make mistakes ? Yes . My professional area is not only very competitive -- it is competitive and emotional and -LSB- you must -RSB- push people for a certain kind of behaviour -- absolutely , yes . But the professional life is only part of a person ; a person is much more than that . ' Chelsea are currently top of the league and are playing struggling QPR this weekend . Earlier this season , Mourinho was fined £ 25,000 by football authorities for claiming there was a ` campaign ' against Chelsea after Cesc Fabregas was booked for diving against Southampton . Mourinho , with his wife and children at the Hunger Games premiere , said he only prays for things in his personal life , never about football . Mourinho 's son , Jose Mario , celebrates Chelsea 's Capital One Cup victory with some of the players this year . The 52-year-old father-of-two said that he prays every day but only goes to church regularly in Portugal .