A vast underground network of pipes could be used to transport freight and deliveries in a bid to end road congestion and pollution . The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea as an alternative to the conventional systems of transporting goods by road . The plan , called the Mole Urban project , aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres , where they would be collected . Scroll down for video . One of the Mole Solutions capsules inside one of their pipelines at their testing site in Northampton . A graphic showing how the Mole Urban project would work by sending freight in underground pipes rather than on the road . The firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of Northampton and if results are positive , a pilot could see underground pipelines installed to transport goods . The development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns , although it is still a long way from fruition . The proposal , would see the driverless capsules propelled by a magnetic wave produced by linear induction motors . A track has already been constructed in Northampton to test the capsules with data being collected on commercial and environmental influences . However , the firm say that even irrespective of the final results for the test case , the process established in the project can be used to assess other locations that have major congestion and pollution problems caused by excess road usage . The development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns . Dr Roger Miles , head of Mole Solutions told the Independent : ` Clean water is taken into homes and dirty water is taken away and we never really see it , while huge amounts of oil and diesel are transported by pipes and underground . ` Now we want to do something similar with freight , delivering goods to buildings and taking away waste . ' The concept has already had funding from the government and is also attracting support from private businesses too . The company is already one of several businesses that have attracted support from the Transport Systems Catapult , a government-funded centre set up to support innovation in transport . The Transport Systems Catapult is currently working with the UK Government and over 70 major multinationals on ` Intelligent Mobility ' inventions with major market potential , including driverless cars , underground sensors and freight pipelines . The technology comes after Amazon announced they had been carrying out a secret research project which would see packages from the company delivered by drone . Amazon has approached the British Government about trialling its flying Amazon Prime Air service in the UK . One of its prototype delivery drones is pictured . In December 2013 , the internet shopping giant 's chief executive Jeff Bezos says that he wants to use octocoptors to replace postmen and cut delivery times to just 30 minutes . Customers would have their order dropped onto their front lawn by the machine which would fly through the air from a nearby warehouse with it clasped in a metal grabber . And last month , it was reported that Amazon is said to have approached the British Government to launch a trial of the technology in Britain .