At last , after months of grey skies and miserable weather , the sun is out . If you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip , there are a few places you could try . Lidos , which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration , are a good first port of call . Picking the right one - that is n't too over-crowded or too run down - is crucial . In response to extra demand , many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather or organising late night swimming slots for busy workers . Scroll down for video . If you are looking to celebrate this wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip , there are lots of places to try . For those who are more adventurous ; look around , there are acres of countryside watery holes to dip your toe into . Whether you pick a lido , river , lake , pool or stream - here are ten of the best swimming locations in the country to cover all your watery needs . Tinside Lido , Plymouth . As Art Deco style Lidos go -- and there are quite a few -- this has to be the most lavish . A fountain spews water from the centre , stripes adorn the lanes and the waterfront pool has panoramic views out to sea . Tinside Lido underwent a £ 3.3 million restoration in 2003 and has been voted one of Europe 's top 10 pools . It was built in 1935 and underwent a £ 3.3 million restoration in 2003 to restore it to glory . Voted one of the top 10 best outdoor pools in Europe , it 's definitely worth a splash . Lake Windermere , Cumbria . Where better than Lake Windermere to take a plunge ? The Cumbrian expanse is the largest natural lake in the country and its wide views inspired Wordsworth . At ten and a half miles long and 219 feet deep , you 'll have your work cut out if you are swimming lengths . Best Western Salutation hotel offers swimmers a tour of the best swimming spots around Lake Windermere . Best Western Salutation hotel in Ambleside -LRB- a mile inland -RRB- offers keen swimmers a dedicated tour of the best swimming locations and bucolic spots , and will provide wetsuits to those who need them . Stonehaven Open Air Pool , Aberdeen . An Olympic-sized , open air pool containing heated , filtered sea water . It claims to be ` often warmer than the Med ! ' with sheltered sun terraces and a paddling pool for under-eights . Bordered by a colourful Art Deco-listed building , the pool celebrated its 80th birthday last year . There 's also the option of midnight swimming sessions while listening to music . Stonehaven Open Air Pool in Aberdeen holds midnight swimming sessions during which music is played . Bude Sea Pool , Cornwall . It could be your last chance to swim in this beautiful sea pool due to funding cuts threatening its closure . The part-natural , part man-made swimming pool nestles under cliffs on the north Cornwall coast and is filled by the Atlantic twice a day . It stretches 88 metres by 50 metres at its longest points , and allows visitors to bathe in glorious , sparkling and calm sea water . Bude Sea Pool in Cornwall is part-man made and part natural , and stretches 88 metres by 50 metres . Llyn y Fan Fach , Brecon Beacons , Wales . This natural lake is thought to be one of the most haunted bodies of water in Wales . It lies at the western border of the indomitable Black Mountains and local lore says that at 2 pm on the first Sunday of August the ` Lady of the Lake ' emerges from its depths . Stories wildly vary , but many claim she is the wronged wife of a violent husband who walked into the lake after he struck her . That aside , it makes a wonderful place for a bracing swim . Llyn y Fan Fach is thought to be haunted by ` The Lady of The Lake ' but surrounded by stunning scenery . Brockwell Lido , Brockwell Park , London . For those in the capital looking for a refreshing dip , Brockwell Lido is a 50-metre-long pool and another 1930s Art Deco triumph . It closed in 1990 but reopened after four years thanks to local pressure . Now it 's Grade II listed and hosts barbeques and film nights , including screenings of Jaws where viewers float about in dinghies while watching the movie . Brockwell Lido is 50-metre-long pool that is another 1930s Art Deco triumph with huge local support . Rheidol Vale , Aberystwyth , Wales . A beautiful area , dotted with sets of pools , waterfalls and a beachy bank for barbecuing . This is the perfect place for family summer outings . Give children free reign to scrabble around the rocks or float down small chutes . Rheidol Vale gives children free reign to scramble around the rocks and trees or float down small chutes . Lymington Sea Water Baths , Hampshire . Built in 1833 , these are the oldest open air sea water baths in the UK . The lido overlooks the Solent with stunning seaside views . It 's also enormous , and home to the South Coast 's biggest inflatable obstacle course . This is a great option for hardy children and offers kayaks and water rollers to play on . Also available for private bookings . Built in 1833 , Lymington Sea Water Baths are the oldest open-air sea water baths in the UK . Nantwich Outdoor Brine Pool , Cheshire . Probably the only inland brine pool left in the country , Nantwich swimming pool measures 30.5 metres by 15 metres . Brine -LRB- salty water -RRB- is pumped into the pool from an underground source , the medicinal benefits of which are well-documented . A swim in salt-enriched water thought to cure ache and pains , including rheumatism , and was popular with Victorians . The extra buoyancy of salted water can be helpful too for those recovering from injuries and looking to build strength . Stainforth Force -LRB- right -RRB- in the Yorkshire Dales has a rushing waterfall and plunge pool for children to play in . Stainforth Force , Yorkshire Dales . If you are in the area , this is a brilliant place for children . Do n't expect peace and quiet , though . An assault course of pools lead their way to a waterfall on the River Ribble , just north of Settle . You 'll find a plunge pool -LRB- with ladder -RRB- at the waterfall 's edge and people daring each other to jump off the top .