It is hard to believe that the mansion you see before you , with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors , was initially a garage and chauffeur 's residence that would have been home to a Rolls Royce , or two . The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden , home to Supreme Court Justice Sir Henry Hodges and more famously the Nicholas family who found their fortune in the manufacture of the drug Aspro . The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court , with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors , was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden . Around 25 years ago , the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today . Interestingly , the conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats.This provided the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence . The blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property and the windows upstiars are also a Homeden original . The conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats providing the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence . The blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property and the windows upstiars are also a Homeden original . Ada Taylor , from R T Edgar Real Estate , said the beautiful property is reminiscent of the Audrey Hepburn classic Sabrina . She told Daily Mail Australia that while the doors of the ` breathtaking ' property have not yet been opened to potential buyers , they believe the property will fetch upward of $ 3.5 million on auction day . The original garage doors open into two distinct living areas while the living quarters upstairs offer three sprawling bedrooms with open fireplaces , stunning wooden floors and vaulted ceilings . The original downstairs garage area is made up of two distinct living areas , a well-equipped galley kitchen cleverly divided behind original garage doors that tuck away a fourth bedroom , bathroom , separate laundry and powder room . The chaffur 's living quarters upstairs offers three sprawling bedrooms with open fireplaces , stunning wooden floors and vaulted ceilings . The home boasts a North facing balcony off the spacious and elegant master that looks over the properties two magnificent gardens . The property will open its doors to prospective buyers on Wednesday 22 April before the hammer falls on May 16 . The house will be opened to prospective buyers on 22 April and is set to go under the hammer on 16 May . The home boasts a North facing balcony off the spacious and elegant master that looks over the properties two magnificent gardens .