Chelsea match-winner Cesc Fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over QPR at Loftus Road . The game looked to be heading for a stalemate before Fabregas ' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past Rob Green . The win moved Jose Mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table and Fabregas admitted it was an important goal . Midfielder Cesc Fabregas runs away in celebration having scored a vital winner in the 88th minute . ` It was vital . We know that we are playing for the most important trophy of the season , ' the midfielder told Sky Sports . ` We 're there in first place and we want to continue that . ' He also paid tribute to the performance of QPR , saying : ` They were very difficult to play but we showed great mentality and never gave up in the difficult moments . ' Cesc Fabregas wore a protective mask during Chelsea 's clash with QPR after breaking his nose last week . Cesc Fabregas ' low strike , Chelsea 's first shot on target , was enough to secure the win at Loftus Road . Chelsea striker Didier Drogba struggled to impose his game on a resolute QPR defence on Sunday . Blues striker Dider Drogba added : ` We had belief . We always play until the end . It was a tough game but the good thing with this team is we always play to the end . ' Mourinho knew the win moved his side one step closer to a fifth league title , despite them having to work hard for it . ` Our situation was very positive . One point would be one less point we need , but the reality is that three points is always three points and one less match we need to win so is a very important step in a very important match , ' he said . Nemanja Matic hugs his goalscoring team-mate Fabregas after the final whistle at Loftus Road . ` It was a very difficult match where the best quality was to control the game very well and stop our opponents scoring . ` They are a team that can score goals and have dangerous , attacking players so our best quality in the game was to keep calm and try to play against a team that was very well organised defensively and did a fantastic job , ' added Mourinho . ` After that you have lots of times in the season when you win points or lose points in the end of the game , and we won two points in the last two minutes . ' During the Chelsea celebrations at Loftus Road , the Blues were targeted by objects thrown from the crowd . Drogba celebrates the vital victory with team-mates John Terry -LRB- centre -RRB- and Branislav Ivanovic -LRB- right -RRB- .