As this image gets larger , what do you see ? Most people will pick out a phantom-like picture of Albert Einstein . But if you see a Hollywood pin-up , you may need a trip to the opticians . At normal viewing distance , healthy eyes should be able to pick up the fine lines on Einstein 's face , causing the brain to disregard Marilyn Monroe 's image altogether . Scroll down for video . The image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines . Features with a high spatial frequency -LRB- Einstein -RRB- are only visible when you 're viewing them close up , and those with low spatial frequencies -LRB- Monroe -RRB- are only visible from further away . Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen . This classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . In a recent video , AsapScience highlighted the process behind the trick , which can also be seen in a still image by anyone if they move closer and then farther away from the screen . ` Depending on how well you 're able to focus or pick up contrast your eye will only pick out details , ' the video explains . ` Up close , we 're generally able to pick up fine details like Einstein 's moustache and wrinkles . ` But as the distance increases , or if your vision is poor and creates a more blurred image in the first place , your ability to pick up details fades away . ` Instead you only see general features , like the shape of mouth , nose and hair , and are left seeing Marilyn Monroe . ` The MIT team , led by Dr Aude Oliva , has spent over a decade creating hybrid optical illusions that show how images can be hidden with textures , words and other objects . When you look at the image above , whose face do you see ? At normal screen viewing distance you should see the face of Albert Einstein . Squint your eyes or take a few steps back from the image and Marilyn Monroe should come into view . ` Marilyn Einstein ' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines . Features with a high spatial frequency are only visible when viewing them close up , and those with low spatial frequencies are only visible at a distance . Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen . Dr Oliva 's group say these images not only reveal vision problems , but can also highlight how the brain processes information . In one study , participants were shown hybrid images for just of 30 milliseconds , and only recognised the low spatial resolution , or blurry , component of the image . On the top row , up close , you can see that the man on the left is scowling , while the woman on the right has a placid facial emotion . Move back , and the faces change expressions and even genders . If you squint , blink or defocus , the angry man turns calm , and the calm woman turns angry , and male . At normal viewing distance , you may see a dolphin . But disguised within the low spatial frequency of this hybrid is a car , which you will see once you step back a few metres . But when the images were shown for 150 milliseconds , they only recognised the image that was produced in fine detail , or in high spatial resolution . In a separate test , they were shown sad faces in high spatial resolution and angry faces in low spatial resolution . They superimposed pictures used both male and female faces . When displayed for 50 milliseconds , participants always saw an angry face , but were unable to pinpoint the sex of the person pictured . Dr Oliva says this shows that our brains discriminate between picking out fine detail in some situations , and broader detail in others . The brain 's processing of fine details happens slightly later than processing other features , according to the research . The teams believes hybrid images such as this may prove useful to advertisers who want to change how their logos appear at different distances . It could also be used to mask text on devices so only someone viewing close up can read it . These images contain old fashioned maps of the distribution of cranial organs which can only be seen at close range to the image . At a distance , all that will be seen are two normal portraits . Hybrid images can create textures with viewing distance . This picture shows an example of a woman 's face that turns into a cat at close distance .