Atten-shun ! The three leaders ' wives were on parade yesterday , marching across the country in support of their men , in support of the political party into which they married , in support of desperately important employment issues -- keeping their idiot husbands in a job . In the corridors of power , Samantha Cameron , Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers , in more ways than one . Indeed , Samantha and Justine marched out in almost identical uniforms ; dark slacks and blazers , paired with crisp shirts and sensible shoes . They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline , ready for their long haul flight to or from the land of Austerity , depending on whose husband wins . The only accessory missing were their welfare caps , which they must have left at home . Scroll down for video . In the corridors of power , Samantha Cameron , Justine Miliband -LRB- left -RRB- and Miriam Clegg -LRB- right -RRB- proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers , in more ways than one . Sam Cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west London . Well , almost . Badge on lapel , leaflets in hand , smart white loafers tripping lightly over the Hounslow flagstones , she looked every inch the groomed and polished loyal Conservative wife . That was until she visited a Sikh family for a cup of tea . Mrs Cameron respectfully took her shoes off before entering the home of local businessman Baljinder Hansraas and before anyone could scream : ` Holy footcream ! ' she unleashed them . Out popped a pair of startling tootsies , displaying what might just have been a hint of a bunion . All across the Home Counties , fragrant Tory women fell into a dead faint . For Sam Cam 's seldom seen feet seemed ever so slightly unkempt , unusual from a woman noted for her effortless elegance . They did n't even seem very Tory toenails . Shriek -- not even a drop of nail polish ! I do n't know what the grooming squad will have to say about that , but I doubt it will be very flattering . Sam Cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west London . Well , almost . Badge on lapel , leaflets in hand , smart white loafers tripping lightly over the Hounslow flagstones , she looked every inch the groomed and polished loyal Conservative wife . Perhaps we should not be too harsh . Not many women would come out smelling of roses and peppermint foot lotion if they unexpectedly had to reveal their workaday feet , still slightly steaming from punishing the pavements , to the nation . Yesterday 's shock unveiling of Crinkletoes Cameron was reminiscent of a moment during the last election , when Sarah Brown 's mangled trotters were revealed on a visit to a Hindu temple . The same furore greeted Brown 's podiatric horror story . And the message was the same . Woman goes out in public without painted toenails ? The end of civilisation is nigh . Poor Sam Cam . If she had unveiled the perfect trimmed pedicure and three glistening coats of Rouge Noir , she would be accused of being self-indulgent . Wasting money on luxuries or wandering around with battered trotters . She ca n't win . But in this election , who can ? Justine resolutely wore the exact same outfit she wore last week , sending out a Take Me Serious message that Clothes Do n't Matter . Campaigning in Bradford , she looked like a grim pixie determined to prove to the Milifans that her man was the man . Or something like that . It was left to Miriam to show a bit of wackitude , pulling on a huge smile , a pair of Lib Dem yellow chinos and a nautical Breton top ; she looked like Tweety Pie reporting for duty on the good ship Doomed . Miriam dragged her husband Nick along to a cookery lesson at a Wiltshire primary school . Aprons on , they exchanged loving looks as they and the pupils were shown how to make a variety of desserts using apples and blackberries . Soft fruit , fool , pudding and crumble ? That is the history of the Lib Dems right there . Just a week to go and the wifely bandwagon rolls on . Their role is to be there , be visible , be bland and say nothing of import . In this carefully manicured -- if not pedicured -- election , the days of loudmouth Cherie wading in like a docker with gout have long gone . I almost miss them . Today 's wives must smile nicely . Today 's wives must not rock the boat . Today 's wives must wear ordinary high street clothes and nothing that hints at their secret , massive wealth -- although Samantha 's two hundred quid spotty blouse must have slipped under Tory central office radar . Above all , however , today 's wives must remember that pulling your socks up is not as important as keeping them on .