These stunning images capture the way young people in Iran are defying the country 's hardline Islamic image to create a more Westernised society . Taken in the capital Tehran , the photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles . Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes - something previously unthinkable in a country where the conservative religious and political leadership still regularly leads chants of ` Death to America ' at public meetings . New era : People kiss and dance at a masquerade house party in the Iranian capital where alcohol is being served and consumed . Modern : A group of young Iranians laugh as they wear fancy dress costumes at a party where they drink alcohol , kiss and dance . Political : Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes - something previously unthinkable in a country where the conservative religious and political leadership still regularly leads chants of ` Death to America ' at public meetings . Celebration : A group of Young Iranians are seen heading in to the country 's desert where they have illegal , alocohol-fuelled parties . Peace and love : Young people in Iran are defying the country 's hardline Islamic image to create a more Westernised society . Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran , with over 63 per cent of Iran 's population of 73 million people aged under 30 . The Iranian youth is also among the most politically active groups within the 57 nations that make up the Islamic world . As the most restive segment of Iranian society , the young also represent one of the greatest long-term threats to the current form of theocratic rule . Young activists have influenced the Islamic Republic 's political agenda since 1997 . After the 2009 presidential election , the Iranian youth was the biggest bloc involved in the region 's first sustained ` people power ' movement for democratic change , which helped create a new political dynamic in the Middle East . In many ways the highly-politicised largely Shiite youth of Iran can be seen as a forerunner of the Arab Spring movement that swept the Sunni Muslim world in 2011 . Change : A woman gives the peace sign as she poses for a portrait in front of a mural of the Statue of Liberty at a closed U.S. embassy . Head over heels : A young man is seen taking part in parkour , where contestants have to find unorthodox ways of moving around the city . Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran , with over 63 per cent of Iran 's population of 73 million people aged under 30 . Taken in the capital Tehran , the photographs show people in their early 20s engaging in music , street art and living openly gay lifestyles . Making a change : The Iranian youth is among the most politically active groups within the 57 nations that make up the Islamic world . Unconventional : A young parkour performer runs , jumps and climbs on metal railings outside a mosque in the Iranian capital Tehran . The Islamic Republic of Iran forcibly regained control over the most rebellious sector of society through detentions , expulsions from universities , and expanding the powers of its own young paramilitary forces following the rise of the ` people power ' movement in 2009 . But youth demands have not changed , and anger simmers beneath the surface . The regime also remains vulnerable because it has failed to address basic socio-economic problems among the young . The will of young people in Iran has also influenced Iran 's changing relationship with the U.S , which has just come to preliminary nuclear agreement with the Islamic Republic . The biggest enforcement provision in that agreement is turning into one of the mostly hotly contested elements , however . And the debate barely involves Iran . Instead , it concerns the Obama administration 's promise to quickly re-impose sanctions on Iran if the country cheats on any part of the agreement to limit its nuclear program to peaceful pursuits . This would be relatively straightforward for the sanctions imposed by the U.S. , as Congress is eager to keep the pressure on . But it is far from clear whether President Barack Obama can guarantee such action at the United Nations , which has imposed wide-ranging penalties that all U.N. members must enforce . As the most restive segment of Iranian society , the young also represent one of the greatest long-term threats to Iran 's theocratic rule . Hip hop and break dance performers pose for the camera as the dance in the streets of the modern Ekbatan neighbourhood of Tehran . Taking a stand : Young activists have had a massive influence on the Islamic Republic of Iran 's political agenda since 1997 . Love and religion : A gay couple kiss one another while holding a copy of the Koran as a symbol of the struggle for change in Iran . A young Iranian is seen driving in to the country 's desert to join one of the many illegal , alcohol-fuelled parties hosted there . At present , there 's no firm agreement on how or when to lift the sanctions in the first place . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , and President Hassan Rouhani yesterday said they want all sanctions lifted on the first day of implementation . That 's not the position of U.S. and other negotiators , a major issue that still must be worked out . Assuming it can be , that still would leave the big question of possible re-imposition . The disagreement on this issue is between the U.S. and its European allies on one side , and Russia and China on the other - all countries involved in the nuclear negotiations . And even though all six world powers and Iran agreed last week to the framework agreement that is supposed to be finalized by June 30 , the ` snapback ' mechanism for U.N. sanctions remains poorly defined and may prove unworkable . ` If Iran violates the deal , sanctions can be snapped back into place , ' Obama declared last week . Controversial : A young Iranian woman stands in front of an old piece of political graffiti reading ` Down with USA ' A young man is seen taking part in parkour , where contestants have to find unorthodox ways of moving around the city . Bouncing around the city : A young man is seen taking part in parkour in the capital of the Islamic Republic of Iran , Tehran . Westernised : The will of young people in Iran has also influenced Iran 's changing relationship with the United States . Superman : A young parkour performer runs , jumps and climbs over a concrete bench outside a mosque in the Iranian capital Tehran . Defying the regime : It is illegal for people to kiss in public in Iran - something man young people choose to ignore . Obama went further this week , saying that restoring the international sanctions would not require consensus among U.N. Security Council members . And Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz , who helped seal last week 's pact , insisted ` no one country could block the snapback . ' That assertion rests on an informal compromise reached at the talks in Lausanne , Switzerland , to bypass the typical U.N. Security Council process if Iran breaks the agreement . Normally in that body , any one of the five permanent members - the U.S. , Britain , France , Russia and China , which are all party to the Iran negotiations - can veto resolutions . But many questions remain , including what would happen if two or more countries object . Russia and China have traditionally opposed almost all U.N. sanctions measures , and , perhaps tellingly , neither country 's foreign minister was present when the April 2 framework was unveiled . Washington and its negotiating partners plan to suspend or lift many sanctions after the U.N. nuclear agency confirms Iran has scaled back its activity in accordance with a final deal . But the U.S. and its European partners want the capacity to quickly reinstate the restrictions if Iran reneges .