A Virginia man has won the right to see his son , even thought the child was conceived through the woman using a turkey baster , a court has ruled , . Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010 . She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights . After the boy was born , the pair disagreed on the level of involvement Mr Boardwine would have in his son 's life , with Ms Bruce intent on raising him alone . Unusual method : A court in Richmond , Virginia , has ruled that even though Joyce Rosemary Bruce impregnated herself using a turkey baster and Robert Preston Boardwine 's sperm , he still has parental rights . Mr Boardwine had envisioned being more involved in the child 's life , telling a lower court he had hoped to ` attend the boy 's sporting events some day ' , and have a say in major decisions such as school . The Virginia Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday that as the child 's biological father , Mr Boardwine is more than a sperm donor and is entitled to be a part of his son 's life . ` The path to fatherhood may have been unconventional , ' the court said , but it does n't remove Boardwine 's parental rights . According to court filings , Ms Bruce impregnated herself with a turkey baster , believing that Mr Boardwine would not have any parental rights because they did not have intercourse . Mr Boardwine had agreed after some trepidation to provide the sperm , and the pair underwent several tries before Ms Bruce fell pregnant . They discussed a written contract but never signed one , a court heard . ` Bruce used an ordinary turkey baster to inseminate herself , ' the court said . ` No other person was involved . They did not go to a doctor 's office or to a medical facility . ' After several visits from Mr Boardwine in 2010 , Ms Bruce learned that she was pregnant in July . Their good relationship continued for the early part of the pregnancy , with Mr Boardwine visiting and bringing a stuffed bear and baby clothes . However , Ms Bruce wanted him to be only ` as involved as her other friends ' , a lower court was told , while he sought a more active role -- attendance at the boy 's sporting events someday , and a voice in major decisions . Ms Bruce fell pregnant after several ` tries ' using Mr Boardwine 's sperm , but despite an initially friendly relationship , the pair fell out when she rejected his suggestion for a name for their son . The relationship soured when Ms Bruce rejected Mr Boardwine 's suggested name for the child . They did n't speak for about five months , until the boy was born and Boardwine showed up at the hospital . Later visits to her home were ` sort of strained , ' Ms Bruice said , and she eventually told Boardwine to stay away . Ms Bruce argued that Boardwine had no rights because , under the state 's assisted conception law , he was merely a sperm donor . But the law defines assisted conception as a pregnancy resulting from ` medical technology , ' and that definition doomed her argument . ` The plain meaning of the term ` medical technology ' does not encompass a kitchen implement such as a turkey baster , ' Judge Stephen R. McCullough wrote for the appeals court . Ms Bruce can still appeal to the Virginia Supreme Court .