A football club chairman has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport -- from retired grandfathers who are trying to relive their youth and encourage violence on match days . Dave Doggett , the boss of League Two outfit Cambridge United , believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games . He said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their ` gangs ' . Scroll down for video . Dave Doggett , the chairman of Cambridge United , has warned of a new breed of hooliganism and believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals . Mr Doggett said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their ` gangs ' Writing in his club 's latest programme , Mr Doggett said : ` Unfortunately football clubs still attract an undesirable element of society that appear determined to ruin the enjoyment of real supporters of football clubs . ` Our promotion to the Football League appears to have encouraged our `` risk '' from the 1980s to come out of retirement . ` Many of them are grandparents trying to encourage the next generation to join their `` gangs '' . ` It sounds pathetic but unfortunately it is reality . We are working closely with police . ` Hopefully the reality of the potential consequences will dissuade some of our younger supporters from becoming involved with these undesirables . ` Our football club is too important to so many to allow a few to ruin our great sport . ' Peter Woor , a Cambridge United fan , said he had noticed that the hooliganism of the 1970s and 1980s still lingers in games against local rivals such as Southend United and Luton Town . He said : ` There 's a tension and you feel threatened so I do n't go to those places anymore . It 's not worth it . ` Most places are fine though , but you still tend to go to away games and keep your colours hidden . ` I remember the 1970s and 1980s and it was horrendous and of course it 's nothing like that but it 's still a problem . ` These people must have something missing in their lives to want to do this . It 's very sad . ' Cambridge supporter Simon Dobbin , 42 -LRB- pictured with wife Nicole -RRB- , remains in a medically-induced coma since being attacked after an away game to Southend on March 21 . Police said he was an ` entirely innocent victim ' Mr Doggett said older men were those causing violence . Pictured : Police with fans following reports of disorder outside Southend 's Spread Eagle pub prior to the recent match between the Essex side and Cambridge . One Cambridge season ticket holder , who asked not to be named , said a group of about 30 fans regularly turn up to games looking for trouble afterwards . He said : ` They arrive after the game starts and then leave before it finishes to find a fight . ' Cambridge United supporter Simon Dobbin , 42 , remains in a medically-induced coma since being attacked after their game away to Southend on March 21 . Essex Police said he was an ` entirely innocent victim ' and believe he was set upon by a group of thugs intent on attacking the visiting Cambridge fans . Cambridgeshire Police said the force has also seen an increase in the ` severity and volume ' of football-related disorder this season . Inspector Steve Kerridge said : ` We have seen an increase in football-related violence and disorder amongst a very small minority of people , both in Cambridge and other locations when the club has travelled . ` The tragic events recently leading to a serious injury in Southend have been reported widely and sicken us all . Mr Doggett said Cambridge United had noticed an increase in violence since the club was promoted to League Two last year . Pictured : Southend United 's Barry Corr beats Richard Tait to the ball in last month 's match . ` The club is working hard with us to ensure that those who use football as a vehicle for violence and disorder have no place in the terraces or association with Cambridge United . ' He said police are using football banning orders , which impose ` stringent court-backed ' restrictions on individuals . He added : ` The increase of risk activity both in severity and volume this season means regular consideration of this level of intervention is once again - and sadly - justified and necessary . ' The warning comes as football chiefs across the country continue to promote the Kick It Out Season of Action campaign to promote respect within football .