A mother has released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an Adelaide train station on Saturday night . Kat Lee 's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son 's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone . She told The Advertiser a group of five , including four teenagers and an adult , attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog . A mother has released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an Adelaide train station on Saturday night . On Sunday , Ms Lee wrote on her Facebook page that she had spent three hours at the hospital with Jaidyn . Later on she urged for any witnesses into the incident at Alberton train station , north-western Adelaide , to come forward . ` My son has been in surgery today and had plates and screws inserted into his face to hold his jaw together after they broke it in two places , ' she wrote on Sunday . ` They also smashed his glasses into his face fracturing his cheek bone . He pulled through surgery but has a long recovery ahead . ' Ms Lee 's Facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares . Police told Daily Mail Australia the assault took place at about 5.30 pm on Saturday night after a dispute . Kat Lee 's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she shared images of her son following surgery for his broken jaw in two places and fractured cheekbone . Ms Lee told The Advertiser that one of the attackers had offered to buy her son and his friends a hot dog before the assault occurred . ` They never even asked for -LSB- the hot dog -RSB- and he just told them to pay him back when they had the money , ' Ms Lee said . But when her son later alighted from the train , his attackers were waiting for him at the platform . ` The guy asked for his money and Jaidyn went to give him $ 5 , but he said he now owed him $ 15 for interest , ' Ms Lee said . ` Jaidyn said , ` No , -LSB- $ 5 -RSB- is all I owe you ' . Ms Lee also says her son 's phone was stolen and was left with a black eye . She further believes another young man was also assaulted by the same group of people in the early hours of Sunday morning . Police were unable to provide further information but are still investigating the matter , despite Jaidyn requesting no further action to be taken . No arrests have been made . Anyone with information should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .