Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from Anfield . Manager Brendan Rodgers , who has suffered another trophyless season after the shock FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa , could see up to 10 of his stars leave . Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy , while defender Glen Johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer . Kolo Toure is also out of contract and considering whether to accept the offer of a new deal . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard , pictured on Sunday , is one of a number of stars who will leave Anfield . Gerrard , looking dejected following Liverpool 's FA Cup semi-final defeat to Aston Villa , is off to LA Galaxy . Manager Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave following another trophyless season . Kolo Toure -LRB- left -RRB- and Glen Johnson -LRB- right -RRB- are both out of contract with the latter set to leave on a free transfer . Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer and Juventus the latest big European club linked with him . Defender Martin Skrtel 's future is also unclear as he is yet to agree a new contract with Wolfsburg planning a move for him . Right-back Javi Manquillo is set to return to Spain after failing to make an impact while Mario Balotelli 's £ 16million switch from AC Milan has been a disaster . Liverpool will listen to offers for him , although getting rid of a man on £ 90,000 per week will be easier said than done . Balotelli 's fellow strikers Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert could also depart . Finally , Liverpool are looking for a goalkeeper to replace or put pressure on Simon Mignolet , meaning Brad Jones is the tenth name who would be surplus to requirements . There was one good piece of news for Liverpool fans on Monday night when Jordan Henderson agreed a new £ 100,000-a-week deal until 2020 . Henderson , 24 , is the third player in the squad to agree a contract extension , following Daniel Sturridge and Philippe Coutinho . Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson agreed a new £ 100,000-a-week deal until 2020 on Monday night . Defender Martin Skrtel , pictured up against Christian Benteke , is a target for Bundesliga side Wolfsburg . Manchester City are to make an offer for Raheem Sterling with the forward embroiled in a contract stand-off . Liverpool will listen to offers for Mario Balotelli who has endured a disastrous first season .