An alopecia sufferer left with no body hair or fingernails is calling for the medical tattooing that changed her life to be made available on the NHS . Brenda Finn , 30 , says losing her hair at the age of 14 destroyed her confidence . She was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school . But now , after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on , she says she is finally able to face the world with more confidence . However she says having the procedure earlier would have made a huge difference to her life . Scroll down for video . Brenda Finn , 30 , became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out -LRB- pictured left -RRB- due to alopecia . She says having eyebrows tattooed on -LRB- pictured right -RRB- has given her the confidence to face the world again . Miss Finn is calling for medical tattooing to become available on the NHS , as she says it could have saved her years of emotional pain . She suffered from crippling anxiety and depression due to her hair loss . Crucially , she feels it would save the NHS money to make the treatment available to alopecia sufferers , who may then not require expensive counseling or ongoing treatment for anxiety and depression . She said : ` Getting my eyebrows back has done for me overnight what psychotherapy and anti depressants could not . ` It has made me look more `` normal '' and feel more accepted because I do n't look so different anymore . ` I had forgotten what a difference eyebrows can make to a face and only wish I had access to this treatment years earlier . It could have saved years of anguish . ` The incredible difference it has made to me is why I think eyebrows should be available on the NHS and I hope that I can help make a difference to other sufferers . ' Miss Finn says she does not consider the treatment to be cosmetic , but reconstructive . She said : ` I was so young when I lost my eyebrows that I had n't ever really drawn them on and if I did they were wonky and rubbish and made me look worse . ` I remained very self conscious about it . ' The children 's entertainer from London was 14 when she was diagnosed with alopecia universalis . She woke up one morning to find hair on her pillow and when she scratched her eyebrow it fell out . She explained : ` Mum thought I was playing a trick on her to get off school but when she realised I was telling the truth she panicked . After having her eyebrows tattooed on , Miss Finn even found the confidence to take part in a charity fashion show without her wig . Miss Finn was bullied at school for wearing a wig , shattering her confidence so much she left school . Working as a nursery assistant with children , who accepted her wig , built up her confidence again . ` I could tell she thought there was something seriously wrong and rushed me straight to the doctor . ' After blood tests Miss Finn was told she had alopecia and within weeks had lost all of her hair and nails . It was then when she started wearing a wig to school that the bullying started . She explained : ` I was nicknamed `` cancer girl , '' despite the fact I did not have cancer . ` My wig would be torn off my head to be used as a football or flushed down the toilet . ' She endured six traumatic months before her teachers and parents agreed she should be home schooled . ` The bullying was so bad that I had just shut down mentally , ' she said . ` I was n't learning anything at school at all anymore because the bullying dominated everything . ' She says she became very reclusive and rarely left the house for the next three years . ` Looking back I was likely suffering agoraphobia triggered by the alopecia - but it was n't ever diagnosed . ' It was only when her parents were able to purchase more expensive natural looking wigs that she started to feel confident enough to face the world again . Miss Finn had a £ 300 procedure to tattoo eyebrows on to her face -LRB- she is pictured before , left , and after , right -RRB- . She said : ` It was like my face changed overnight . It had structure and definition again ' After securing a work placement at a local nursery , her confidence slowly grew and she one day admitted to the children that she wore a wig . She said : ` Working with children was a great tonic for me because they are so accepting and did n't care a jot that I was bald . ` In fact they loved playing with my wigs . It did wonders for my confidence . ' In time , she started work as a children 's entertainer and enjoyed being able to ` hide ' behind the costumes which concealed her hair and face . Then last year her mother-in-law to be then told her about eyebrow tattooing , but Miss Finn could not afford the £ 300 procedure . She hoped it would be available on the NHS but when she learned it was n't , her future-mother-in law offered to treat her . She had the tattoo in February last year and was amazed at the difference it made . Miss Finn was 14 when she was diagnosed with alopecia universalis , meaning she has lost all her body hair , -LRB- she is pictured before suffering the condition -RRB- . She said : ` It was like my face changed overnight . It had structure and definition again . I looked , dare I say it , a bit more normal again . ` I ca n't explain how good that felt . ` I 'm in a totally different place because of it and feel strongly that it should be available to all sufferers . ` I was very fortunate to have family pay for it but others wo n't be . And they may be costing the NHS more in therapy or pills to lift their mood . ` I seriously think it needs to be addressed . ' Miss Finn , who is set to marry her fiancé Wayne next year , even found the confidence to take part in a charity fashion show without her wig , something she would never have done before her tattooed eyebrows . She said : ` This is n't about vanity , it 's about acceptance after a medical condition which is a crucial part of the healing process mentally and physically . ' She has now launched a petition to get the treatment on the NHS . To support Miss Finnsign her petition .