As the weather heats up and we prepare for summer , thoughts are turning to those all-important holidays and festivals . Packing can be a nightmare , but as summer approaches , retailers are unveiling quirky products designed to make your life easier this season . From unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies , FEMAIL has rounded up the eight products you should be packing to make your summer break as foolproof as possible . 1 . THE T-SHIRT WITH BUILT-IN SPF . Religiously slathering on sun cream on a hot day can be a time consuming process , but lifestyle guru Gwyneth Paltrow has an answer . The mother-of-two and actress is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop . Scroll down for video . The Swim Tee by Land 's End provides UPF 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by The Skin Cancer Foundation - and it 's sold on Gwyneth Paltrow 's Goop site . Describing the £ 27.49 -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- Swim Tee by Land 's End , she writes : ` Nobody wants to cut their beach time short - or exhaust an entire tube of waterproof sunscreen : It 's pretty great to throw on a lightweight UPF 50 swim tee and not have to worry about getting a burn . ' The top , which is made from 91 per cent nylon and 9 per cent Lycra spandex , provides UPF 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by The Skin Cancer Foundation . Describing the garment on its website , the makers say : ` Protection from the sun is a priority , especially if you spend a lot of time at the pool or beach . And while cover-ups can go just about anywhere , the one place they ca n't is in the water . ` But our Swim Tee is ready to dive in . Designed to wear over your swimsuit top , it 's soft as your favorite tee and incredibly lightweight - even while wearing it in the water ! ` It 's not just for swimming though . It also works as a colorful cover-up when the air turns cooler or you 're just looking to shade your skin . ' 2 . FOLDABLE WELLIES . Heading to a festival ? Or perhaps spending the weekend in the countryside ? Rather than having to lug your wellies in a separate bag , foldable wellies make packing that little bit easier . Out for a country walk when rain lashes down ? Simply pull out your foldable wellies , unfurl and wear them for the rest of the walk . Rather than having to lug your wellies in a separate bag this festival season , foldable wellies make packing that little bit easier . Out for a country walk when rain lashes down ? Simply pull out your foldable wellies , left , £ 99 by Hunter , and , right , £ 55 Butterfly Twists , unfurl and wear them for the rest of the walk . Hunter Boots sell The Original Tour , a £ 90 boot constructed in a lightweight rubber . The leg of the boot folds down , wrapping around the shoe for easier packing and transportation . Meanwhile , Butterfly Twists , the early pioneers of a unique technology that allowed ballet pumps to be folded and slipped into a handbag , offer foldable wellies for £ 55 . 3 . THE HAT WITH SUN PROTECTION . To save packing space , Sunshine Hats has designed a two-in-one product : stylish hats with UPF50 + . There 's stylish wide brims , cowboy styles , suave trilbies and colourful children 's designs - and they all protect your face from harmful rays . Sunshinehats.co.uk has designed a two-in-one product : stylish hats with UPF50 + . A lot of the styles come with an accreditation from the Skin and Cancer Foundation Australia -LRB- where the hats are made -RRB- . While many conventional hat brands adopt a ` one size fits all ' approach , Sunshine Hats believe that each head is unique and as such , has incorporated exclusive drawstring and Velcro adjustment features to ensure the perfect fit . The hats are also crushable , washable and water-friendly , making them practical and ideal for travelling , holidays and days out in warmer climes . 4 . POCKET WELLIES . Are you fed up with lugging heavy wellington boots around ? These quirky overshoe boots that are essentially wellies you can carry in your pocket or bag may be the answer . If you are going to an outdoor music or sporting event , Pocket Wellies claim to be the ideal companion to take with you . Pocket Wellies are essentially wellies you can carry in your pocket or bag , which claim to provide the protection you need from mud , water and snow . Featuring an anti-slip and thick sole , they claim to provide the protection you need from mud . The durable and reusable item turns your existing footwear into wellies and are available in a range of colours . Featuring an anti-slip and thick sole , they claim to provide the protection you need from mud , water and snow . Once the rain stops , you can roll them up and put them back in the pocket-sized waterproof packaging ready for next time . 5 . THE MAGIC MIRROR . Designed with the fashion-conscious traveller in mind , the £ 35 Magic Mirror can be used three-ways to help solve those getting-ready dilemmas from every angle wherever you are . Packing a full-length mirror in your case or backpack is neither safe nor practical , which makes checking your appearance on the move tricky , but makers of the Magic Mirror are convinced they have the answer . Designed with the fashion-conscious traveller in mind , the £ 35 Magic Mirror can be used three-ways to help solve those getting-ready dilemmas . Save mirror queuing time with two-person use by placing it in a pyramid position , left , extend it to full-length , centre , or check your hair-do from every angle by placing it in the vanity position , right . Made with shatterproof mirrored acrylic and covered in a stylish geometric canvas print , Magic Mirror 's ultra-portable , durable and lightweight design means you can get ready anywhere , whether in a tent at a festival or moving from beach to bar . The space-saving mirror folds down to the size of a tablet and comes with its own ethically-made carry bag that can be thrown into your backpack , packed tightly into your weekend holdall , or whipped into your handbag or tote . Save mirror queuing time with two-person use by placing it in a pyramid position , or give your outfit the once-over from head to toe by extending it to full-length . You can also check your hair-do from every angle by placing it in the vanity position . 6 . SAND-PROOF BACKPACKS . Life 's a beach , but not when sand gets into your beach bag . The Shake Backpack is designed to keep your items in and the sand far away . The £ 20 bags , which are sold on quirky.com , feature a reversible flap pinned to either side , allowing you to reveal or conceal the netting at will . When sand begins to intrude , just flip the flap and shake away . The Shake Backpack is designed to keep your items in and the sand far away during days on the beach . The £ 20 bags feature a reversible flap pinned to either side , allowing you to reveal or conceal the netting at will . 7 . NASA-LOVED SUNGLASSES . Silhouette Eyewear produce the lightest eyewear in the world and promise that their £ 180 sunglasses - which are apparently worn by NASA - feel almost invisible on the face . Their rimless , screwless and hingeless technology ensure they are unbreakable -LRB- so they 'll be no screw loosening or broken arms -RRB- . The UVA and UVB polarised lenses claim to deflect lens glare and minimise the blue light filter so they help protect your eyes from harmful rays -LRB- and the fine lines they cause -RRB- . Silhouette Eyewear produce the lightest eyewear in the world and promise that their sunglasses are unbreakable -LRB- so they 'll be no screw loosening or broken arms -RRB- . 8 . TEMPERATE REGULATING CLOTHES . With wedding season fast approaching , finding a stylish yet practical dress for day-to-night celebrations is no mean feat . One company thinks it has wedding season fashion cracked , with a range of stylish and practical clothes that claim to regulate your body temperature by keeping you warm when it 's cool and cool when it 's warm . Within their ` cool range ' , Hotsquash.com uses fabrics with CoolFresh technology woven through the seams , which is designed to work with your body temperature and keep you cool in the warm months . HotSquash.com has designed a range of stylish and practical clothes that claim to regulate your body temperature by keeping you warm when it 's cool and cool when it 's warm . The designer 's say the technology used in their dresses and tops helps minimise clamminess with breathable fibres and wicks away moisture much quicker than wool or cotton . The larger surface area of the fibres in their garments apparently allows for faster evaporation by speeding moisture away from the skin to the surface of the fabric where it can evaporate quickly . Clothes designed for colder months , however , have ThinHeat fabrics built in for enhanced warmth . The makers claim that these fabrics keep you twice as warm as wool or cotton . ` Our fabric is inspired by nature , polar bears to be precise , ' they say . ` Their fur has `` hollow '' hairs to keep them warm , we mirror this effect with engineered hollow-core fibres that trap air for greater insulation . '