Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday to kick-off his last tour of duty , where he will spend four-weeks with the Australian military . The royal 's down under tour , his final before hanging up his fatigues and retiring from the armed services , will see him , where he 'll serve alongside some of the country 's elite soldiers in Darwin , Perth and Sydney . Captain Wales , as he is known in the British Army , will fall in with troops at the Perth SAS base and take on training exercises . Scroll down for video . Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force . The prince will also time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory , and the army 's Sydney-based 6th Aviation Regiment . If he passes military testing , it is possible he 'll fly helicopters while with the Sydney regiment . The prince will join diggers on urban training exercises and bush patrols as well as pack marches and physical training . Before the military stretch gets underway , Prince Harry will travel to the Australian War Memorial in Canberra and lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Solider , according to an Australian Defence Force statement . A spokesman for Prince Harry said he had wanted to come to Australia on a military exchange for some time , and he was excited for a ` challenging and hectic ' schedule . Captain Wales , as he is known in the British Army , will fall in with elite soldiers at the Perth SAS base and take on training exercices . He will also be allowed to spend time off-base , meaning Harry will have plenty of time for handshakes with his fans . ` Prince Harry is tremendously looking forward to starting his four week attachment with the ADF , ' the spokesman said , according to the ABC . ` It has been an opportunity he has been keen to explore for a couple of years now and is delighted to be able to do it before completing his military service with the British Armed Forces later this year . ' The fourth-in-line to the throne royal will have his army activities briefly interrupted at the end of the month , when he flies to Gallipoli with Prince Charles for Anzac Day commemorations . The ADF confirmed Harry will be given down time off-base during his stint , meaning some lucky punters could have a pint with the prince . A spokesman for Prince Harry said he had wanted to come to Australia on a military exchance for some time , and he was excited for a ` challenging and hectic ' schedule . Harry will spend time with the elite SAS and Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers during his military exchange . However , the ADF said it has created a very real experience for Prince Harry . ` Defence 's focus for this attachment is to provide Captain Wales with an authentic military experience in the Australian Army that builds on his previous experience with coalition forces and complements his work with wounded , injured and ill service personnel , ' a statement read . ` Defence has selected units that best utilise Captain Wales ' skills and allow him to experience a broad range of Army capabilities . The attachment will also allow Captain Wales to share the experience and knowledge he has gained over 10 years of military service in the British Armed Forces , including two operational tours of duty in Afghanistan . '