Police have found the car a Queensland teenager was forced into at gunpoint by an ex-partner . Relatives of Billy-Anne Huxham , 18 , told officers on Tuesday morning she had been forced into a car outside a Caboolture home , north of Brisbane just after 6 am . Shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before Ms Huxham was abducted from her home by a man who reportedly attacked her with a machete . Detectives are desperately searching for the teen and Carl Garry Chapman , 32 , who is believed to be the victim 's former boyfriend . A police spokeswoman says Ms Huxham contacted a relative on Thursday , but police still have serious concerns for her welfare . They believe she was taken in a silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander with the Queensland registration 789VNI . Scroll down for video . Abducted teen Billy-Anne Huxton has reportedly made contact with a family member . The have now found that car and their inquiries continue . Detective Acting Inspector Steve Windsor said guns could be involved in the abduction . ` With the information we have that possibly firearms are involved , the public - if they could advise Crime Stoppers -LRB- of any sighting -RRB- , ' he said . An investigation centre has also been set up at the Caboolture police station . 18-year-old Billy-Anne Huxham was reportedly woken up , attacked with a machete and taken from her home . A neighbour , who did n't want to be identified , said she heard screaming before the Mitsubishi took off down the street . ` I did n't really think much of it because that sort of thing is n't uncommon for that house , ' she said . It was initially claimed that Ms Huxham sustained wounds to her leg and bruising to her face as a result of the violent ambush . A machete was allegedly left at the scene of the crime but the man is still armed and dangerous and is reportedly carrying a firearm . Detectives are currently searching for Carl Garry Chapman , 32 , who is allegedly the victim 's former boyfriend . Following the abduction , the perpetrator broke into another home in Caboolture and threatened the residents with a gun , believed to be shotgun or rifle . A police chase on the Bruce Highway was unsuccessful after Mr Chapman and Ms Huxham were spotted driving on Anzac Avenue at 11.30 am - five hours after the abduction . Police are concerned for the woman 's safety and urge the public not to approach the pair but to call 000 immediately .