Denmark 's Crown Princess Mary might have wowed in a succession of evening gowns last week but Sunday was all about low-key family time for the Australian-born royal . Mary , 43 , treated her three youngest children , Princess Isabella , seven , and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent , four , to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge , a village in Zealand . Making the most of the sunny weather , the quartet certainly appeared to be having fun , with all four crouching down to pet a tiny Holstein Friesian calf . Scroll down for video . Enjoying the sunshine : Denmark 's Crown Princess Mary and her daughters Isabella and Josephine . Despite the potential for getting dirty , Mary was as fashionable as ever and appeared to have taken inspiration from the rural location in her tweed jacket and jeans . The three children , meanwhile , were well-wrapped up in cosy padded jackets and appeared fascinated by the cows grazing in one of the barns , with Prince Vincent even climbing a fence to get a better look . But not everyone fancied a day out at the farm , with Mary left without her husband Crown Prince Frederik , 46 , and eldest son Prince Christian , nine , for the outing . The visit , which was part of Denmark 's annual Eco Day celebrations , came days after royals from around Europe descended on Copenhagen for Queen Margrethe II 's 75th birthday celebrations . Having a cuddle : The family met the calf during a visit to a farm in the village of Kirke Hyllinge . Going green : The moment came during Eco Day , an annual event in Denmark . Now my turn : Mary 's youngest son , Prince Vincent , four , approaches the calf for a cuddle . Slow down ! Mary holds tight to Prince Vincent after the active four-year-old scaled a fence for a better look . Kicking off with a glitzy gala dinner last Wednesday night , festivities continued with a balcony appearance and parade through the Danish capital the following day . Mary , who wowed in a striking lilac gown embellished with silver beadwork on the first night , was seated beside her mother-in-law during the procession up shopping street Strøget . She also appeared on the balcony of the Amalienborg Palace alongside her husband and children and was there once again for the celebration 's climax - a spectacular party at Christiansborg Castle . Although she had stiff competition from the equally glamorous Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden , 37 , and Norway 's Crown Princess Mette-Marit , 41 , the Australian-born royal ensured all eyes were on her courtesy of a shimmering silver gown . Still climbing : Prince Vincent watches the action from his perch half way up a gate . Country skills : The Princess and her children also tried their hand at milking , albeit not on a real cow . No photos ! Princess Josephine pulls a face at photographers , watched by her mother . Surrounded : The family inspects the herd of Holstein Friesian dairy cows kept at the farm .