Crystal Palace would sell coveted winger Yannick Bolasie for ' £ 40million to £ 60million ' , according to manager Alan Pardew . Pardew claims all his players are ` undervalued ' as the Selhurst Park club bid to assert their Barclays Premier League clout . The former Newcastle boss is ready to fend off big-money bids for his in-demand stars like Bolasie and defender Scott Dann - but conceded ` every player has a price ' . Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if Crystal Palace were offered £ 40-60million . Bolasie has been in fine form in recent weeks as Palace have enjoyed a successful second half of the season . Democratic Republic of Congo star Bolasie joined Palace for around £ 400,000 from Bristol City in 2012 but has risen steadily in standing ever since . Last week Pardew slapped a £ 20m price tag on the 25-year-old 's head with Liverpool circling - now he has casually bandied about figures three times as high . ` I 'll sell Yannick , if someone wants to give me £ 40m to £ 60m , somewhere in there , that would be good , ' Pardew said . ` I 'll take it and we 'll build the team around that money . Every player has a price , of course . All these players here are undervalued , in my opinion . ` This is a top-10 team at the moment , top 12 , yet if you put the valuation of our squad against any of the other teams above us , and some below , it 's not right . ` So I 'm going to address that . Anyone who rings me up will get a proper price . It 's only our second year in the Premier League so it 's understandable -LRB- if players are undervalued -RRB- . Bolasie celebrates after netting for Palace , as he has begun to add goalscoring to his all-round game . Bolasie scored a hat-trick against Sunderland a few weeks ago , and is attracting the attention of top clubs . ` You need to put your credentials there every week . I think these players are starting to do that now ; Bolasie , -LRB- Jason -RRB- Puncheon , -LRB- Joel -RRB- Ward , -LRB- Damien -RRB- Delaney . ` Therefore when I hear figures being talked about players , they are not even close to where I value these players . ` It 's very easy to address : a manager has to ring me up and I will tell him the price , and that will be addressed . ' Lyon-born Bolasie bagged a hat-trick in Palace 's 4-1 Premier League win at Sunderland on April 11 , his fine form since prompting a raft of transfer speculation . Liverpool 's initial plans to offer £ 10million this summer have been thwarted , but boss Brendan Rodgers is weighing up offering striker Rickie Lambert as well as increasing his transfer bid . Pardew says he is not keen to lose his star man , but would sell him if the right offer came in . Pardew insists several of his players , including Jason Puncheon -LRB- left -RRB- and Joel Ward , are undervalued . While Pardew will be at pains to hold onto all his front-line talents at Palace over the summer , the ex-Eagles midfielder conceded the club may not be able to resist an outrageous bid . Pardew said Palace could end up wise to repeat the calculated ` gamble ' he helped take at Newcastle when the St James ' Park club sold Andy Carroll to Liverpool for £ 35million in 2011 . The Selhurst Park manager believes selling one star for big money can help rejuvenate an entire squad . ` I can think of a situation I had at Newcastle , the last day of the window , a team that was n't great , not too far away from the relegation zone and we accepted a big bid for Andy Carroll , ' Pardew said . ` I said to the chairman at the time that that was a gamble . We were by no means secure ; we 'd only just come up from the Championship that year . ` But we did it , we spent the money wisely and we ended up with a very , very good team . So it is about the right price for the right player , and then you have to build on that . '