After a night of drinking there may be parts of an evening you forget - or moments you wish you could erase from your memory . But now there 's an app that not only fills in these gaps in memory , it shares evidence of your drunken antics with your friends . Called Flashgap , all photos and videos taken using the app are added to a hidden album that only becomes visible the following day . The Flashgap app -LRB- pictured -RRB- is free for iOS and Android devices . Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event . All attendees of the event can see this album , and users can only delete photos they took themselves . Flashgap is free for iOS and Android and was created by Julian Kabab . Before a night out , one user creates an event and becomes that event 's host . They can then add friends to the event at any point until the event ends . During the night , photos and videos can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears . Before a night out , one user creates an event and becomes that event 's host . They can then add friends to the event at any point until the event ends . During the night , photos and videos can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears . All of this ` evidence ' is added to an album that collects photos and images taken by any attendee , and this album remains hidden until 12 pm the day after the event . At this point , all attendees are notified that the album is ready to be viewed . Only people who attended the event can see the album , and users can only delete the photos they took themselves . Any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users ' accounts . All of this ` evidence ' is added to an album that collects photos and images taken by any attendee , and this album remains hidden until midday the day after the event . At this point all attendees are notified that the album is ready to be viewed . Only people who attended the event can see the album , and users can only delete the photos they took themselves . Any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users ' accounts . Alternatively , people can report images taken by other people if they believe the photos are inappropriate . The photos will be deleted by the Flashgap support team if the reason is legitimate , but this team does n't have access to any of the images , the shots are n't stored on the Flashgap server and the support team ca n't view albums . Flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film The Hangover . In the film , starring Bradley Cooper and Ed Helms , four friends go on a bachelor party to Las Vegas but lose the groom and have to retrace their steps to remember what happened . Mr Kabab , chief executive of Flashgap said : ` We experimented with GoPros on our heads during a night out and had such fun when reliving the footage and images the next day , that we really felt our idea had some substance . Only people who attended the event -LRB- attendees list pictured -RRB- can see the album , and users can only delete the photos they took themselves . Any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users ' accounts . Flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film The Hangover -LRB- Ed Helms as Stu is pictured left , Bradley Cooper as Phil is pictured centre and Zach Galifianakis as Alan is pictured right -RRB- . During the film the trio go on a stag do to Las Vegas but lose the groom and have to retrace their steps to remember what happened . ` We can all relate to going out and being guilty of not remembering an awful lot and that 's how Flashgap helps people out . ` We then watched The Hangover together and the ending credits show a series of photos from the guys ' infamous night and that 's what really triggered our thinking . ` The idea of people reviewing their antics from the previous night is such a powerful bonding experience and it is always interesting to see everyone else 's perspective from the event . In essence , Flashgap allows users to be ready for yesterday . '