Online marriage proposals and star-struck children are a regular feature of Rae Johnston 's life . But the 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist , who is known for dressing up as Wonder Woman in her spare time - as well as her sideline zombie and Huntress costumes - insists she 's a geek through and through . Ms Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book , television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay - a trend that has exploded online and at conventions across the globe . Rae Johnston said she receives regular online proposals for her signature cosplay Wonder Woman outfit . The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year 's Oz Comic-Con - the official Australian version of the internationally renowned pop culture convention , the San Diego Comic-Con . ` I specialise in Wonder Woman . She 's my signature character and eventually , I 'm working my way through all of her costumes . But I also love group Cosplay which is when a bunch of us get together and have a theme like the walking dead and we 'll go to a convention and just walk around the floor being those characters , ' Ms Johsnton told Daily Mail Australia . ` I got into cosplay about three years ago , which is not long considering I 've been going to conventions since I was little , but I had no crafting skills . Then I discovered there are all these tutorials online and on social media - all these ways of accessing information on how to make costumes and I thought : if I 'm going to learn to sew , then I 'm going to learn to sew Wonder Woman . ' Countless hours and hundreds of dollars have gone into some of her costumes , but Ms Johnstone said many cosplay costume makers prided themselves on spending under $ 10 on a single costume - ripping apart old ones and including things they had around the house - while others fork our thousands of dollars for the perfect materials . Ms Johnston says she chose Wonder Woman as her signature - with each costume taking up to six weeks to make - because of her empowering character and ` compassion ' . ` She always leans towards non-violence first and is very diplomatic - for example one of her weapons is her lasso of truth . She 's a fantastic role model for younger girls and I do a lot of charity events dressed as her , like hospital visits for disabled and underprivileged children where we just rock up and brighten up their day . It took her six weeks to create her Wonder Woman outift , but she says she plans to work her way through all of the super hero 's costumes . Ms Johnston said that what was once considered traditionally ` geeky ' has become quite mainstream , with more and more Australians connecting to cosplay stars online . ` But I also love group Cosplay which is when a bunch of us get together and have a theme like the walking dead and we 'll go to a convention and just walk around the floor being those characters , ' Ms Johsnton , dressed as DC COmic 's Huntress , added . ` But one of my all-time favourite experiences was at Supernova convention when I had a little girl come up to me and she was shaking because she thought I was the real life Wonder Woman and it was just incredible - that meant the world to her . ' With a combined social media following of 25,000 fans , Ms Johnston is lined up to host the Cosplay championships at this year 's Oz Comic Con - the official Australian version of the internationally renowned pop culture convention , the San Diego Comic-Con , which saw over 130,000 guests attend in 2014 . Meanwhile both Perth and Adelaide are expecting over 20,000 people to attend their separate events this year . Ms Johnston said that what was once considered traditionally ` geeky ' has become quite mainstream , with more and more Australians connecting to cosplay stars online and learning the craft of costume making through podcasts and tutorials on social media . Ms Johnston says she chose Wonder Woman as her signature - with each costume taking up to six weeks to make - because of her empowering character and ` compassion ' : ` She always leans towards non-violence first and is very diplomatic - for example one of her weapons is her lasso of truth ' Spray painting and cutting knee pads and shoulder armour : ` Some cosplayers have started working as consultants for video game companies who want to design their character 's costumes so that they are easily replicated in real life because they 've recognised cosplay as a massive marketing strategy , ' Ms Johnston said . The journalist -LRB- pictured dressed as DC Comic 's Black Canary -RRB- visits children 's hospitals dressed as Wonder Woman to ` brighten their day ' ` Some people do it because they love getting into character and walking around a convention floor . For some it 's about the crafting of the costume . For others , it 's about being part of the community , ' Ms Johnston said . ` It 's a huge ice breaker for making friends . The thing about the geek community is we have a lot of introverts - we do n't have a lot of people who would walk around introducing themselves , but if your dressed as the doctor -LSB- from Doctor Who -RSB- and so is someone from across the room - they might walk up to you and ask how you made elements of your costume . I 've met some of my best friends at various conventions because we share the same passion and fandoms . ` People can make a career out of it too . Some cosplayers have started working as consultants for video game companies who want to design their character 's costumes so that they are easily replicated in real life because they 've recognised cosplay as a massive marketing strategy . It means that it 's more likely to be made by someone and seen on a convention floor and that 's a huge draw card for people to start talking about that particular game . ' Famous Californian cosplayer Abby Dark Star -LRB- pictured as DC Comic 's Poison Ivy -RRB- has almost 500,000 fans online and is one of the judges at the Cosplay championships at this year 's Oz Comic Con . Abby keeps her real name private due to her career in social media and marketing . There are charitable benefits to getting involved too . Ms Johnston is one of many members of Medic , a group which raises awareness of ` a different geeky cause ' each month , such as tech groups who create controllers for people with disabilities . Famous Californian cosplayer Abby Dark Star , who has almost 500,000 fans online and will judge the Cosplay championships at this year 's Oz Comic Con , likened cosplay to football fans who choose to dress up at matches . ` Imagine you have a girl and she may struggle with her image , but she plays the video game World of War Craft and sees a strong female overturning obstacles , very smart and capable and she says ` I get inspired by this character ' and she want to dress up as her to emulate the characteristics , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` That 's the way they show their passion - by dressing up . ' Abby , who keeps her real name private due to her career in social media and marketing , has created at least 30 finished costumes over the last 10 years , some of which took her up to four months to finish . ` In my head I 'm just a 12 year old still getting teased by the boys for my nerdy star trek books , ' the cosplay fan , who teaches others her craft through panels and tutorials , said . ` I 'm a cosplay community manager - it 's about the community for me , seeing people grow and be empowered and accepted , especially when it comes to women . ` If you show any skin your immediately labelled a w **** and to me , I see all these women characters who have super strength and brains - like brilliant doctors and other amazing things - and if you would call them a w **** they would kick your butt - I dig that . ' Abby has created over 30 finished costumes over the last 10 years , some of which took four months to finish . She said this costume , Claudette from Queen 's Blade , was the most intricate piece she had ever crafted . ` In my head I 'm just a 12 year old still getting teased by the boys for my nerdy star trek books , ' the cosplay fan , who teaches others her craft through panels and tutorials , said . She added : ` I 'm a cosplay community manager - it 's about the community for me , seeing people grow and be empowered and accepted , especially when it comes to women '