As the World cup draws closer , it is not just in the rugby heartlands that they are beginning to feel the excitement . Twickenham , as the home of rugby , may be gearing up to embrace the sport 's biggest tournament , but on the other side of the capital , the Olympic stadium -- built for athletics and destined to be a football ground - is also quietly preparing to get in the oval-ball act . In Newcastle , St James ' Park , usually a footballing stronghold , is another ground about to host Rugby 's premier competition , and as former Bath , Saracens and England prop David ` Flats ' Flatman has been finding out , from the north east to east London , England is getting rugby-fever . David ` Flats ' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament . London 's Olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground , but the buzz around the game is palpable . ` Going to all these places and seeing the buzz around the World Cup already , is great , ' says Flats on the drive between Stratford and Twickenham , as he tours around the country visiting the stadiums that will host matches come this autumn as part of BT Sport 's Tour de Flats . ` You kind of expect that kind of a buzz in rugby cities , like Cardiff and Exeter . But when you arrive in Newcastle and the guy who is fixing the cabinet comes over to you to talk about rugby , you realise there 's a proper enthusiasm in places that are normally dominated by football . ' Building that enthusiasm , with the prospect of high-calibre sport on the horizon , is one thing . But as everyone connected with the Olympic stadium knows , maintaining it after the competition is gone is another matter altogether . But Flats is confident that , long term , this World Cup is going to have a lasting effect . ` There are bound to be studies that come out , or bits of research , 15 minutes after the final whistle of the World Cup final , and say there are only seven more children in Europe playing rugby than there were on Tuesday , ' he jokes . Flats talks to Sportsmail 's Jonny Singer on arrival at Twickenham at the end of his ` Tour de Flats ' England came up short against France in the Six Nations , but their style of play earned plenty of plaudits . ` But I think what it needs is a concerted effort to make as much noise , constructive noise , about the Rugby World Cup as possible . ' At the heart of the ` legacy ' debate , as it was with the Olympics , is the discussion over grassroots sport , and it 's something that Flats ' tour has been focused on . ` We went to a club in Leicester , with Mike Tindall and Ben Kay , and this is a club , with nothing , ' he recounts . ` They have absolutely nothing . Part of the World Cup legacy is they will receive upgrades to their facilities . Now , at Wasps or Harlequins , that means 5,000 extra seats . For them that means a shower . ` Not shower rooms . A shower . They do n't have one . All this sort of stuff , that 's the grassroots . ' Of course , as well as investment and infrastructure , what this World Cup will bring , Stuart Lancaster will hope , is an England team playing with confidence in front of their own fans . For the World Cup to be the inspiration it has the potential to be , England 's performances will matter . If Stuart Lancaster 's side can repeat their flowing rugby at the World Cup , they can win the sport fans . Flatman says picking the likes of Danny Cipriani is key to England bringing in new fans during the tournament . ` A lot of the buzz and the legacy around the World Cup will be how England play , ' admits Flats . ` How far they get is one side of it , another side is how they perform . ` They did n't do enough against France -LRB- in last month 's Six Nations -RRB- because they did n't win , but they were fantastic , and everyone loves it , and everyone forgives that . ` So they want to win , first and foremost , but how they do so will have a big impact . ' Playing attractive rugby is not just a question of attitude , it also depends on personnel , and that is why the former England prop is so glad to see the return of one of the country 's most exciting players , Danny Cipriani . Cipriani may have a reputation as a ` pretty boy ' but , for Flats , that ca n't mask the fact that he is a top player . ` He 's not a prima donna . Someone gets photographed at a fashion show , and has nice hair , and they say you 're a prima donna . ` Sam Warburton 's got nice hair and big guns ; If he went to Cardiff fashion week he would n't be a prima donna because he 's a hard-nut flanker , and he 's not a fly half . Cipriani was recalled for the Six Nations after impressing at club level over the past few seasons . Flats says investment in the grass-roots will also be important if the Rugby World Cup is to have a legacy . ` You ca n't have a prima donna in the forwards . Why is Danny Cipriani ? Just because he 's prettier and smaller . He 's a good bloke and an amazing rugby player . ` We talk about inspiring young people , who do you think the kids `` are '' in the playground now , playing rugby ? ` A lot of them will be saying , `` I 'm Danny Cipriani '' . I thought he deserved to get back in the England squad and I 'm glad they picked him . ' So , if England play at their fluent best , and the grass roots get the funding they so badly need , could the rugby World Cup produce a new generation of players and fans ? Flats thinks so , but only if the tournament is made accessible . ` There 's a big responsibility of commentators and pundits , without dumbing things down , to simplify things a bit , ' he explains . ` Offer clarity , and make people who might be first time watchers , like they understand it more . ` If that understand can join the enthusiasm that is clearly building , England could have a tournament with lasting legacy -- and not just in south west London . To follow Tour de Flats , tune into Rugby Tonight on Monday 13th and 20th April at 8 pm live on BT Sport 1 . Land Rovers ` We Deal In Real ' campaign aims to put grassroots rugby on the global stage .