A Dartmouth College judicial committee has ` derecognized ' a fraternity that partly inspired the 1978 cult classic ` Animal House ' because some new members received brands on their backsides . It found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations . The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision . Alpha Delta President Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options . Booted out : A Dartmouth College judicial committee has ` derecognized ' Alpha Delta after several pledges received brands on their backsides . Regardless of the outcome of an appeal , Inge-Lise Ameer , interim dean , has the authority to withdraw recognition of Alpha Delta . She 's taken evidence from the committee under advisement . Attorney George Ostler said last month Alpha Delta acknowledged a small group of members voluntarily chose to get brands on their backsides , but said the practice - which he compared to a form of self-expression akin to piercing and tattoos - was never a condition of membership and has since stopped . A sophomore pledge of Alpha Delta reportedly agreed to be branded on his backside in the fall of 2014 , according to a whistleblower . By agreeing to the branding , the pledge would theoretically be allowed to avoid ` more drinking-intensive pledge activities ' . When the pledge went home for winter break , he realized something was wrong with his brand and went to the doctor , Gawker first reported last month . Toga ! The 46-year-old Greek organization partly inspired the 1978 National Lampoon 's Animal House starring John Belushi -LRB- pictured center -RRB- . He had to be hospitalized after it was determined the brand was infected . Medical personnel alerted the college , which is in Hanover , New Hampshire , and the school handed down a suspension . This is not the first time Alpha Delta has been linked to branding . Making changes : Dartmouth College President Philip Hanlon - who was a member of Alpha Delta in the 1970s - announced this year a series of reforms to eliminate problems he said were ` hijacking ' Dartmouth 's future . A 1992 Rolling Stone article reported that ` a few pledges were reportedly branded against their will this year ' . Alpha Delta brothers did not deny that allegation at the time . The pledge whose brand became infected is now a brother in the fraternity . The Greek organization has received bad publicity over the past four years . In 2011 , two students were hurt when they plummeted from the roof of the Alpha Delta house , reported Valley News . Two years later , the notorious frat was indicted for serving alcohol to minors . That same year , Alpha Delta was force to issue an apology for organizing a ` Bloods and Crips ' themed party . Then in October 2014 , Alpha Delta was suspended for committing alcohol violations . Earlier this year , Dartmouth College President Philip Hanlon - who was a member of Alpha Delta in the 1970s - announced a series of reforms to eliminate problems he said were ` hijacking ' Dartmouth 's future that included high-risk drinking , sexual assault and a lack of inclusiveness on campus . The college is banning hard liquor on campus , ending pledge or probationary periods for all student groups to reduce hazing , developing a mandatory sexual violence prevention program and creating new residential communities . Alpha Delta was initially founded by members of the Gamma Sigma Society but dissociated from its parent corporation and renamed itself The Alpha Delta Fraternity in 1969 .