Nigel Farage has proclaimed that he will ` smash apart ' Labour 's ` one-party state ' in the North at the election . The Ukip leader said that his party is now the ` serious challenger ' to Labour in northern seats . He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is ` running scared ' . Mr Farage called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour in its target seats . Scroll down for video . Up for it : The Ukip leader said that his party is now the ` serious challenger ' to Labour in northern seats . He said that traditional Labour voters also want to send a message to Ed Miliband , ` you do n't represent us anymore ' . In an article for MailOnline , he wrote : ` The truth is , Labour are running scared , and it 's not the Conservative Party making great inroads into their vote . It 's us . It 's UKIP . ` You only have to look at last year 's Heywood and Middleton by-election for proof of it . ` We came within 620 votes of taking a `` safe '' Labour seat , and actually , Mr Miliband would have had to resign as leader of his party if we had done it . The problem in that case was that the Conservative Party split the vote . ' Mr Farage accused Labour of ` sneering ' at people who raised issues about immigration and claimed Ukip has now 'em erged as the party of the working man ' . He added : ` Across the North of England , UKIP are now the serious challengers to Labour . ' Mr Farage accused Labour 's shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna of making ` tired and old claims ' after he said at the weekend that Ukip is infected with the ` virus of racism ' . He wrote : ` While most people pay no heed when they hear these claims nowadays , it is interesting to think about why Labour chiefs are attacking UKIP , when they really should be focusing on Mr Cameron 's Conservatives by this point in the campaign . ' Mr Farage will on Tuesday campaign in Hartlepool , where he thinks the party has its best chance of winning in the North East at the election . The seat has been put on Ukip 's list of top ten targets . Other seats outside of the south of England on the list are Great Grimsby , Boston & Skegness , Dudley North and Heywood & Middleton . Proud : Ukip 's strategists believe the party could come second in at least 100 seats in the North . However , the party suffered a blow on Monday when a poll by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft showed the party was 17 points behind Labour in Great Grimsby . Ukip 's strategists believe the party could come second in at least 100 seats in the North . In 2010 the party failed to achieve even a single second place . The Hartlepool constituency has been held by Labour since it was formed in 1974 . In 2010 , Ukip took just seven per cent of the vote and Labour 's Iain Wright retained the seat with a 5,509 majority . He replaced Peter Mandelson as the MP in a by-election in 2004 after the Labour grandee stood down to become a European Commissioner . Mr Farage 's hopes for electoral victory in Hartlepool come after the town elected a man dressed as a monkey as its mayor in 2002 . Stuart Drummond stood as ` h ` angus the Monkey ' , Hartlepool United FC 's mascot , as a publicity stunt with the slogan , ` free bananas for schoolchildren ' . He was re-elected in 2005 and 2009 before voters in the town backed a referendum to scrap the paid post in 2012 . Hartlepool 's residents are famously said to have hanged a monkey during the Napoleonic wars because they thought it was a French spy . Have you noticed how in the past few days Labour has started to attack me and Ukip , just as the polls suggest that more and more Labour voters are going to be voting for us on May 7th ? Polls have shown a sharply rising proportion of Ukip supporters drawn from people who voted Labour in 2010 . On April 17th it was seven per cent . This weekend it jumped to 19 percent . Labour 's Chuka Umunna has again repeated a tired old claim about Ukip and race . Worried : Mr Farage said Labour are ` running scared ' of his United Kingdom Independence Party . While most people pay no heed when they hear these claims nowadays , it is interesting to think about why Labour chiefs are attacking Ukip , when they really should be focusing on Mr Cameron 's Conservatives by this point in the campaign . The truth is , Labour are running scared , and it 's not the Conservative Party making great inroads into their vote . It 's us . It 's Ukip . You only have to look at last year 's Heywood and Middleton by-election for proof of it . We came within 620 votes of taking a ` safe ' Labour seat , and actually , Mr Miliband would have had to resign as leader of his party if we had done it . The problem in that case was that the Conservative Party split the vote , and we had n't yet proclaimed our Australian-style points system plan for immigration , or our plans to take those on the minimum wage out of income tax completely . Sneering : Mr Farage said Chuka Umunna continued to ` sneer ' at his party on immigration and attacked a ` whopping majority of Britons ' And far from the party of old , gin-soaked half colonels that some would like Ukip to be , we have emerged as the party of the working man and woman of this country , with a health policy welcomed by the Alzheimer 's Society , a housing policy endorsed by the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors , and an immigration policy that 77 per cent of the British public agree with . But Mr Umunna and the London Labourites continue to sneer at people over the issues they want answers on . When they attack me , they 're really attacking a whopping majority of Britons who know that on defence , our NHS , jobs , and the economy , Labour has proved itself to be grossly negligent . On immigration , Labour was wilfully deceitful , as several senior party sources now admit . They wanted to change our communities for political gain . They simply do not understand the impact that mass migration has had on people 's lives . In doing what they did , they betrayed their core voters -- keeping wages down , making it harder to get a GP appointment , and creating a shortage of school places . People rely on government to help them with some of their most basic needs , and Labour has not just failed to provide them , it has actually reduced their availability . Look at the mess Ed Miliband 's party is in as a result of all this . Across the North of England , Ukip are now the serious challengers to Labour . In Scotland , Labour 's heading for a wipeout . People are mustering up the courage to depart from their ` traditional ' way of voting . They want to send Labour a message : ` You do n't represent us anymore ' . That 's because in areas like Rotherham , Hartlepool , and Stockton , Labour has ceased trying to represent the values , beliefs and opinions of ordinary folk . They 're more concerned with the chattering classes of Westminster and Islington . And let 's face it , until a few years ago there was n't much choice in the North . The Conservative Party 's entire campaign is based on the idea that he economy is enriching people 's lives , but very few people in the North of England are feeling that . And their claims expose the fact that they do n't know how much people are still struggling . But now there 's a challenger in the North . It 's Ukip . So expect , over the next few days , a panicked campaign by Ed Miliband and chums during which they 'll call us names , hurl abuse , and try and scare voters away from us . Do n't believe them . Instead , trust in your judgement , and help us smash apart Labour 's one party state in the North . Ukip has several target seats in the North of England , which I now believe we 're in with a chance of winning .