Many Britons have given up on their dream of owning a home amid high house prices and poor pay rises , research has found . Many Britons have given up on their dream of owning a home amid high house prices and poor pay rises , a study shows . It found that just four in 10 renters -LRB- 43 per cent -RRB- aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home , compared to almost half a year ago -LRB- 49 per cent -RRB- . According to research from Halifax , three-quarters of UK renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house . This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners , where house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years . The mortgage lender 's report , called Generation Rent , said the data ` strengthens the view ' that more people may be giving up on the idea of owning their own home and are instead accepting the idea of long-term renting . They said if people believe buying a house is completely unobtainable , ` a lower level of homeownership will become the new normal ' and ` the presumption that the UK is obsessed with homeownership may soon become a myth ' . The survey found the three most common barriers to home ownership were the size of the deposit needed , high property prices and low incomes . Non-homeowners said they would be willing to save for about five years and four months to save for a deposit . But even then , owning a home remains out of reach for many . Government schemes such as Help to Buy have enabled people to get on or move up the property ladder with a low deposit . Scroll down for video . But while half of people believed this had a positive impact , 8 per cent believe this had a negative impact , amid fears it has fuelled demand , pushing up prices . Three-quarters of those surveyed also thought banks were reluctant to lend to first-time buyers . Figures recently released by the Council of Mortgage Lenders showed the number of first-time buyers getting on the property ladder last year reached its highest levels since 2007 . More than 300,000 people bought their first home in 2014 . Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home , according to research by Halifax . But Craig McKinlay , mortgages director at Halifax , said : ` While there has been an increase in first-time buyers in the last 12 months , at the same time there is also a growing group of young people who believe they wo n't be able to get a mortgage . ` The difference between the reality and their perception needs to be addressed urgently if we are to prevent people from giving up on getting on the housing ladder . ' The survey questioned 40,000 people aged 20 to 45 .