A man has died in a road accident in north west China - eight months after his brother was tragically killed in exactly the same spot . The man in his 50s , who has only been named as Mr Zhang , was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City in east China when he was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike . Villagers from Shoma Ying said that his younger brother had been on the same junction last August , when a collision with a lorry killed him instantly , according to the People 's Daily Online . Tragic : The man , only named as Mr Zhang , was thrown off his motorbike when he was hit by a car . He later died in hospital from his injuries . Freak coincidence : His brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry . Mr Zhang , the elder of the two brothers , was taken to hospital for his injuries but died shortly after . The silver car that hit Mr Zhang on his motorbike when he pulled out of the junction sped away from the scene without stopping . A driver who witnessed the accident tried to chase after the car but eventually lost it in traffic . Mr Zhang , who was unmarried , sold vegetables at the local market and was believed to use the stretch of road on a daily basis . Leftover vegetables were found in the trailer after the accident , which was found 30 metres away from the crushed motorbike . Shu Rongli , a police officer from the Dezhou City Public Security Bureau , said that the newly constructed road was not open yet and did not even have road signs . Aftermath : The trailer of the motorbike was found 30 metres away from the main vehicle . Poignant : Vegetables sold by Mr Zhang at the local market were found in the trailer after the crash . He added that those using it were doing so illegally . The driver in the silver car , who was using a fake registration plate , is under investigation by the police . Shu said that those involved in the accident lacked road safety knowledge , and he reminded motorists to be careful at junctions . Investigation : The driver of the silver car that sped away from the scene is still being investigated by police .