More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa , an elite society that boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet . And you too could join this group if you can prove you 're in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test . To find out if you 've got what it takes , MailOnline has helped develop an exclusive Mensa test to see if you might have the level of intelligence needed to mingle smartest . The Mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory , concentration , agility , perception and reasoning , which all contribute to a high IQ . Take the quiz below . Adam Kirby , pictured , became the youngest person ever to join Mensa in June 2013 at the age of just two and a half . While most toddlers are busy learning to walk and scribbling on walls , child prodigy Adam Kirby enjoys reading Shakespeare , learning Japanese , Spanish and French , and even potty-trained himself . Intelligence Quotient , or IQ , is a a measure of someone 's intelligence - usually measuring in problem-solving tests - compared to others of their age . In an IQ test , the average score is taken to be 100 , and a score below this means your intelligence is below average . Mensa was formed by Australian barrister Roland Berrill and scientist and lawyer Dr Lance Ware in Oxford in 1946 . It has members across all demographics . The youngest member joined aged two and a half , and the oldest was 103 . Mensa says it is ` a society for like-minded people ' with the following aims : . - To identify and foster human intelligence for the benefit of humanity . - To encourage research in the nature , characteristics , and uses of intelligence . - To provide a stimulating intellectual and social environment for its members . This mini quiz from Mensa is based on the type of questions you could face if you sat a supervised IQ test . A top two per cent score on an IQ test will qualify you to join Mensa - or you can provide evidence that you are already in the top two per cent of the population . The tests are based on measuring someone 's IQ , although this quiz below is merely an indication of your IQ - and should not be used as proof of IQ . IQ is a measure of intelligence , usually referring to a person 's mental agility , and it should not be confused with knowledge , wisdom or memory . Standardised IQ exams look to test you in certain areas such as verbal and numerical . Daily brain training exercises like this can help improve mental agility , and keep the brain working at speed . A score of eight or above out of ten in the quiz below is an indicator that you could be smart enough to join Mensa . To take the quiz below , you will need to open it on a browser on a laptop or PC . It does not work on a mobile phone . HAVE YOU GOT WHAT IT TAKES ? 4 out of 10 - Keep practising . 5 out of 10 - Average . 6 out of 10 - Good . 7 out of 10 - Very good . 8 or more out of 10 - Potential Mensa level . The answers to the quiz are below . Mensa -LRB- logo shown -RRB- was formed by Australian barrister Roland Berrill and scientist and lawyer Dr Lance Ware in Oxford in 1946 . It has members across all demographics . The youngest member joined aged two and a half , and the oldest was 103 .