Boss Tim Sherwood backed Christian Benteke to fire Aston Villa to safety after the striker 's crucial hat-trick saved a point against QPR . The forward 's treble - his first in two years - clinched a pulsating 3-3 draw with their drop rivals as Villa edged further clear of the bottom three . Villa are three points above the Barclays Premier League drop zone and denied QPR the chance to leapfrog them in the table . Christian Benteke scored a stunning hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 against Queens Park Rangers . Manager Tim Sherwood said that Benteke can fire Villa to Premier League safety . Defeat would have left Villa in the relegation zone and behind QPR but Benteke struck a 25-yard free-kick with seven minutes left to save them and complete his treble . The Belgium international has seven goals in seven games under Sherwood and the boss hopes he can maintain his form to keep Villa up . He said : ` That 's the plan . ` It does n't come much better than that . He 's a good player , I have always said it and he 's in a rich vein of form . ` It 's fantastic for him to score the goals , it 's just a shame we could n't get the three points . ` It 's not about what you deserve , it 's about what you get and we got one point . ` This could be a vital point come the end of the season in the end , when you go so late into the game and Christian has had to pull that out the bag we 're grateful . ' But Sherwood insisted Villa should have won after Benteke 's first-half double , cancelling out Matt Phillips ' opener , gave them a 2-1 lead at the break . He said : ` It 's disappointing when you dominate a football match like that , the ref should have stopped it at half-time . QPR were only ahead for three minutes in the first half after Benteke equalised for the hosts at Villa Park . Benteke drove beyond Rob Green from the edge of the box to net his seventh goal of the season early on . ` I thought we tired in the second half but that 's to be expected and two of those back four have trained about four times in eight weeks . We dropped off a little bit too deep and could n't keep that pressure on them . ` But anyone who has seen that football match knows it should n't have been close . ' Rangers hit back after the break through Clint Hill and Charlie Austin , the latter netting with just 12 minutes left . They have taken four points from their last two away games after winning just once on the road this season before Saturday 's 4-1 win at West Brom . The draw , though , left them two points from safety having played a game more and boss Chris Ramsey admitted he was nervous after Austin 's goal . He said : ` It 's a long time , it 's heart attack time for managers that . You can see you 're going to win but you know there 's a chance anything can happen , a free-kick , a corner or a bit of magic . Benteke 's added two more , including this wonder free-kick - much like Jason Puncheon 's on Monday night . ` I thought we could -LRB- hang on -RRB- but a free-kick is a free-kick , at that stage most of their attacking options had been exhausted . ` I 'm disappointed if I 'm being honest . But before the game if someone said we 'd get four points from the last two games we probably would have taken that . ' Rangers were seeking back-to-back away wins in the top flight for the first time since 1995 but Ramsey targeted home victories to keep them up . They host Chelsea on Sunday before welcoming West Ham and Newcastle to Loftus Road . He said : ` I do n't know what we need but we 're probably going to have to win three games . I do n't know what the points total will be but our two home games are going to be very important after Chelsea . ` We have got a couple of very difficult ones in Liverpool and Manchester City and then we have the potential cup final against Leicester on the last day of the season . ` Most teams would take being in it right to the end and then roll the dice , you do n't want to start being detached because it 's a big mountain to climb . '