With the 2015 general election just over two weeks away , it 's natural to expect flyers , bumper stickers and perhaps even the odd car flag to pop up across the nation . However , you might be more surprised to see shot glasses emblazoned with David Cameron 's face , UKIP pendents and even party leader underwear appearing on shelves . This year 's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation . Scroll down for video . David Cameron is said to have watched Bake Off in the past which could explain these cake cases . Many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites which often include a ` gift ' category , should you want to bring politics into their special day . Perhaps dad might like an SNP decanter for his wine , or mum could bake in her new set of Conservative cupcake cases , while Ukip have focused on a more wearable range of accessories . We 're not entirely sure that any of these will fly off the shelves but here we round up the weirdest official - and unofficial - collectibles as we prepare to go to the polls . CONSERVATIVE CUPCAKE CASES . David Cameron has previously revealed that he has watched The Great British Bake Off , which might explain these rather pricey cupcake cases . The pack of 36 patriotic cases , in Tory blue with a Union Jack design , comes in at £ 5 a pop . UKIP PENDANT . We know it is n't advisable to wear your heart on your sleeve but what about your political opinion around your neck ? This Cornish Pewter pendant is available from the party 's store for £ 12 and is described as an ` ideal gift for Ukip enthusiasts ' . Political party underwear insures that politicians remain the butt of the joke . LEADER UNDERWEAR . Political leaders are used to being the butt of the jokes , and one retailer has taken this a step further . Twisted Tee , has created a range of ` political man pants ' - capacious white garments printed with the faces of the party leaders . The pair of Nick Clegg undies are described in ironic terms : ` Hand printed gingerly in London on to 100 per cent white cotton Y front . ` For men who do n't quite know whether they dress to the right or left . ' DAVID CAMERON SHOT GLASS . The David Cameron shot glass is one way of getting you through the lengthy process . A set of David Cameron shot glasses could be the perfect excuse for a general election drinking game . Now CafePress is offering the custom ceramic vessels emblazoned with the Prime Minister 's picture for £ 11 each . Knock back a shot for every time he says ` hard working people ' however , and you may find yourself needing to make cuts of your own . LIBERAL DEMOCRATS 18TH BIRTHDAY CARDS . Keen to snap up new voters the minute they become of age , the Lib Dems have created their own 18th birthday cards . The plain cards simply say , ` Wishing You a Happy Birthday ' above the figure ' 18 ' written out in blue and filled with the party 's yellow bird logo . If anyone knows a large number of 17-year-olds with birthdays looming , the party 's official store offers the cards in packs of 100 for £ 34 . SNP PICNIC BLANKET . The SNP picnic blanket is the ideal way to showcase your political opinion in the great outdoors . The SNP , with a revitalised Nicola Sturgeon at the helm , are dedicated to getting their message out there . So dedicated in fact that they are not prepared to miss a single opportunity to spread the word . The foldaway tartan picnic rug allows you to air your political views in the great outdoors for the price of £ 45 . SNP HIGH VIZ JACKET . The SNP are n't missing a trick when it comes to merchandising . With this handy high viz vest you can showcase your political orientation with pride in all hazardous situations and for the meagre price of £ 8 . The e-cigarette liquid comes in five flavours one for each of these leaders . ELECTION E-CIGARETTE FLAVOURS . In a bizarre addition to the already unusual election memorabilia being sold , Totally Wicked 's Red Label has produced five e-cigarette liquids pairing with five of the party leaders . Varieties include Cameron 's Eton Mess , a strawberry and meringue flavour inspired by the PM 's old school . Miliband 's Rocky Red is based on the seaside treat of teeth-cracking rock as ` being leader of the opposition is often described as the worst job in British politics , so where better to escape to for a break than the great British seaside , famous not just for being a great holiday destination but also for hosting many party political conferences . ' For an e-cigarette inspired by Nigel Farage , the site says : ` We all know Nigel Farage likes his ciggies and a pint , now it turns out he is also a vaper ! So we 've made this e-liquid especially for him . A full tobacco flavour with a dash of beer , topped with a note of espresso . ' The official Conservative shop is selling baby clothes meaning they can start their opinions early . MINI THATCHER BABY CLOTHES . Many parents are known to push their views on to their offspring and in this case they 're starting early . The official Conservative website stocks baby clothes including Babygros and bibs with Little Iron Lady -LRB- Margaret Thatcher 's famous nickname printed on the front . -RRB- . Baby 's first election might be more appropriate . You can now own Nick Clegg 's apology on MP3 with proceeds going towards a children 's charity . NICK CLEGG , I 'M SORRY - THE SINGLE . Re-live Nick Clegg 's apology over the Liberal Democrats ' climbdown on tuition fees in full auto-tune glory with this MP3 edition with an album cover mocked up to resemble The Clash 's seminal album , London Calling . Available to buy for £ 0.99 , the proceeds go towards The Children 's Hospital Charity . SNP DECANTER . It appears that the SNP area about ready to brand just about anything . This crystal decanter engraved with ` Scottish N Proud ' would make an excellent novelty gift during the election . With a £ 75 price tag , however , it may make an awkward heirloom if the SNP are n't elected . But on election night itself , what better way to pass the time as the votes are counted . UKIP LADIES SILK SCARF . Want an elegant way to showcase your support for Nigel Farage and his party ? Look no further than Ukip 's silk ` pound ' logo printed on a pale , sheer scarf . The party 's website assures that it is a ` delicate chiffon ' in a ` gentle lilac ' so as to avoid being too ostentatious . And although it may feature a pound sign pattern , it is a thrifty purchase coming in at £ 3 . The UKIP silk scarf is supposed to be the sophisticated way of showing your support for the party . These life sized cardboard cutouts make a great addition to the office ... apparently . PARTY LEADER CARDBOARD CUT-OUT . Some might say there 's not much difference between our biggest political figures and these cardboard cut-outs . Fortunately we can find out for ourselves as the free-standing Ed Miliband , David Cameron and Nick Clegg figures are available at Amazon for £ 29.99 . For those of you unsure of what you would do with a life size political leader , the website provides the following suggestions : ` Suitable for gifts , bedroom decoration , home theatre decoration , wall decoration , kid 's bedrooms , office desks and parties . ' Choc on Choc have decorated their latest offerings with Nick -LRB- left -RRB- Ed -LRB- centre -RRB- and David -LRB- right -RRB- . PARTY LEADER CONFECTIONARY . Choc on Choc have embellished their artisan chocolates with a rather unusual decoration : the faces of three of the party leaders . David Cameron 's bar is studded with blueberry pieces , Ed Miliband 's comes in a red raspberry flavour and the Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb . SNP TEA LIGHT HOLDER . The SNP tea-light holder literally allows you to hold a candle to Nicola Sturgeon . What better way to hold a candle to your favourite party than with an actual candle . It 's less ostentatious than some other SNP souvenirs but it still has a certain glow ... for £ 15 a holder . UKIP DOG T-SHIRT . We 're assuming this is for a canine who is not a Farage fan judging by the gesture on the reverse , but last time we checked dogs ca n't vote anyway . But if you wish to cause a stir in the park opt for this £ 17.95 tee from Zazzle .