She has already taken the modelling world by storm , being snapped up to front campaigns for The Upside , Myer , Berlei and ASOS , to name a few . And now like Megan Gale , Jennifer Hawkins and Elle Macpherson before her , plus-size queen Laura Wells has turned her hand to designing . The brunette bombshell has launched a new swimwear line with a twist - the eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material . Scroll down for video . Curves to coral : Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells uses figure to flaunt ocean inspired swimwear . Sizzling : The Australian beauty smoulders in the campaign . The environmental scientist turned model designed the line in collaboration with US brand Swimsuits For All 's trend range , SwimSexy . The collection is inspired by the ocean , with coral reef scenes featuring throughout . The line includes one and two-piece suits , with zippers , criss-cross straps , plunging V-necklines and high-waisted bottoms . The swimsuits cater for every shape , with sizes ranging from 10 through to 24 . Environmentally-friendly : The swimsuits are made form 100 per cent recycled materials . Cut well : The swimwear features plunging v-necks , criss-cross straps and flattering cuts for all shapes . Wells revealed that the idea for the collaboration came about through a conversation she had with the brand while she was working with them on a photoshoot . ` I ca n't think of anyone else making eco-friendly , fashion-forward suits for curvy girls , ' Laura told US website Refinery 29 . Laura smoulders in the campaign shots for the collection , lounging on a hammock in a clear blue ocean wearing the coral reef one-piece , which she said was her favourite from the collaboration . Reef range : The swimsuits feature coral reef inspired designs , reflecting model 's Australian background . She said the primary challenge was finding environmentally-friendly material while keeping prices affordable . ` Recycled fabrics can be very expensive and it was important for us to keep the price point affordable , ' she said . ` Also , swim fabrics need to be able to withstand a lot - sun , chlorine , saltwater - so the research and development process took a while . '