With a net worth of £ 260million , Hollywood power couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are in no danger of having to endure a night at the Holiday Inn . As one of the most famous duos in the world , it 's not surprising the globe-trotting pair have expensive tastes . There have even been reports that Brangelina , and their six children , have shut down whole hotel floors and chartering entire trains for a bit of privacy . But the couple , whose combined salary comes from starring in over seventy box office hits , often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation , affordable for mere mortals like the rest of us . Scroll down for video . Just a regular family ? Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt pictured with their children -LRB- Zaharah Marley , centre -RRB- . Brad and Ange booked out an entire floor , but you can bag a room at the five-star Hilton Malta for £ 130 a night . Hilton , Malta . Price for a room : From £ 130 per night . Rather than opting for a fancy boutique retreat , Brad Pitt , 51 and Angelina Jolie Pitt , 39 , allegedly booked out an entire floor of the distinctly mainstream Hilton Malta , while filming their upcoming film By the Sea . The 410-room five-star hotel on the waterfront of Portomaso boasts views over the twinkling blue waters of the Mediterranean , a relaxation suite , two squash courts and a floodlit tennis court with coaching classes available . As well as the nearby public beach for sun worshippers , activities in the area include scuba diving , a casino and a bowling alley . And unless you 're travelling with an entourage of nannies and body guards , you might want to just book the one room , which is n't as wallet-stretching as you might imagine . Situated on Macquarie street overlooking Sydney Harbour , the 509 roomed hotel is glitzy but not unattainable . Sydney 's Intercontinental hotel was the scene of Brangelina 's much publicised balcony argument . Intercontinental , Sydney . Price for room : From £ 151 per night . The couple - who were newly weds when they visited Australia back in 2014 , would probably prefer to blot this particular stay from their memory , as it famously resulted in that balcony argument . Maybe they could n't decide whether to get room service ? Brange were pictured harshly gesticulating and looking thoroughly cheesed off while staying in Oz for the premiere of Jolie 's directorial debut , Unbroken . Situated on Macquarie street overlooking Sydney Harbour and the botanical gardens , the 509 roomed hotel is glitzy but not unattainable . As well as a gym , spa and pool , there 's an exclusive club area for those with a heftier budget . Currently closed for an upgrade , the Park Hyatt Saigon hosted Brad and Ange during their 2011 trip to Vietnam . Park Hyatt , Saigon . Price for a room : From £ 230 per night . Currently closed until June for a ` luxury redefinition project ' Park Hyatt , has hosted Hollywood royalty Brad and Ange as well as politics heavyweights such as Hillary Clinton . Situated in Ho Chi Min 's Distrtict 1 , home to the Opera House , Notre Dame Cathedral and hundreds of restaurants , sights , markets and bars , this two-square mile area seems to have it all , the hotel is known for its service and modern , luxurious rooms . The 244 room hotels features the Xuan Spa , a tranquil urban retreat offering private therapy rooms , a fitness centre and outdoor pool . Brad Pitt took his sons Maddox and Pax to the family-friendly Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas in 2009 . The family-friendly four-star hotel , east of Sin City 's famous strip , features 1503 air-conditioned rooms . Hard Rock Hotel & Casino , Las Vegas . Price for a room : From £ 54 . Daddy Pitt took his sons Maddox and Pax to the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas in 2009 , after treating them to a Cirque du Soleil show at the MGM Grand . The family-friendly four-star hotel , east of Sin City 's famous strip , features a whopping 1503 rooms featuring minibars and plasma televisions . True to Vegas form , the hotel includes a 30,000-square-foot casino , as well as a Tahitian-style beach and swimming pool , six restaurants , three cocktail lounges , a nightclub , a spa , a poker room , and a music venue . Guests might also be treated to glimpses of the celebs who love this Vegas institution , such as Paris Hilton and the Kardashians . The Jolie-Pitts have stayed at the Frank Gehry designed Marques de Riscal in Elciego , northern Spain . Within the historical district and close to the Bodegas Marques de Riscal , the hotel has 43 chic guestrooms . Marques de Riscal , Spain . Price for a room : From £ 87 per night . The Jolie-Pitts enjoyed a child-free Spanish break in 2007 , and stayed at the outrageous Frank Gehry designed Marques de Riscal in Elciego , Basque Country , northern Spain . Within the historical district and close to the beautiful Bodegas Marques de Riscal , the five-star hotel has 43 chic guestrooms . It may look like a hangout of the exclusively rich and famous , but travel deal websites such as Travel Republic offer discounted rates if you get in early .