The slain editor of Charlie Hebdo has slammed his left-wing critics from beyond the grave for criticising publication of drawings of Mohammad . In a book Stéphane Charbonnier , known as Charb , finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ` ridiculous demagogues ' for doing so . In the short book , extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs , he writes : ` The suggestion that you can laugh at everything , except certain aspects of Islam , because Muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population , what is that , if not discrimination ? In a book Stéphane Charbonnier -LRB- pictured -RRB- , known as Charb , finished just two days before being mowed down by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ` ridiculous demagogues ' Journalists hold placards reading ` I am Charlie ' as they hold a minute of silence on January 7 following the attack by gunmen in the offices of Charlie Hebdo . ` It 's time to finish with this disgusting paternalism of the white , left-wing bourgeois intellectual seeking to prove himself among the `` poor unfortunate undereducated '' . ' The book , Lettre Ouverte aux Escrocs de l'Islamophobie qui Font le Jeu des Racistes -LRB- Open Letter to the Fraudsters of Islamophobia who Play into Racists ' Hands -RRB- , which may well rock the ` Je Suis Charlie ' solidarity over the massacre , argues that some intellectuals who condemned the drawings were merely attention-seekers . It says : ` Since I am educated , I understand that Charlie Hebdo is using humour . But out of respect for you -LSB- Muslims -RSB- , since you have n't yet discovered second-degree humour , I will denounce these Islamophobic drawings that I pretend not to understand . I will put myself at your level to show that I love you . ` These ridiculous demagogues just have a huge need to be the centre of attention and want to satisfy their formidable fantasy to dominate others . ' Charb asks why Islamophobia , which technically means ` fear of Islam ' , is being used by activists , media and politicians to denounce hatred of Muslims and wonders why ` Muslimophobia ' is not used instead , or simply ` racism ' . He argues that ` a lot of those who campaign against Islamophobia do n't actually do it to defend Muslims as individuals , but to defend Prophet Mohammad 's religion ' . Charlie Hebdo 's satirical attacks on Islam drove two brothers , Cherif and Said Kouachi -LRB- pictured -RRB- to mount a deadly attack on its office in Paris . Charb also takes a pop at religion , and particularly at believers . ` The problem is not the Koran or the Bible - sleep-inducing , incoherent and badly written novels - but the faithful who read the Koran or the Bible like you read assembly instructions for Ikea shelves , ' he writes . He condemns those who are ready to ` cut the infidel 's throats along the dotted line otherwise God will deprive me of Club Med in the afterlife ' , according to the Daily Telegraph . He blames the media for helping popularise the term ` Islamophobia ' because ` any scandal that contains the word Islam in its title sells . ' ` A terrorist is scary , but if you add that he 's an Islamist , everyone wets themselves . ' And he also takes a dig at politicians whom he accuses of seeing Muslims where they should see regular citizens , and wanting to pander to a ` Muslim electorate ' . ` That 's saying that the majority of Muslims do n't decide their vote according to the candidates ' political ideas but according to the degree of sympathy they display towards Muslims , ' he argues . Charb also defends Charlie Hebdo 's controversial depictions of the prophet and extremism over the years , which earned it accusations of Islamophobia . Chillingly , he refers to Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's Inspire magazine which in 2013 published a list of 11 people accused of ` crimes against Islam ' and wanted ` dead or alive ' . ` I find my name , badly spelled but accompanied by a photo where you can recognise my alarmed face ' -- a picture he said was taken when the offices of the magazine were burnt down in 2011 shortly after a special edition was published under the title Charia Hebdo . ` The skillful montage is titled `` YES WE CAN '' and below you can read : `` a bullet a day keeps the infidel away '' . ' Charlie Hebdo 's satirical attacks on Islam drove two brothers , Cherif and Said Kouachi to mount a deadly attack on its office in Paris . They burst into an editorial meeting on January 7 , peppering Charb and nine other cartoonists with bullets before calmly leaving . They also shot dead a maintenance worker and a policeman who tried to stop them .