A few blocks from the finish line and even closer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon , race organizers are building a combination clubhouse , interactive museum and retail store that , for the first time , gives them a year-round , public presence . The Boston RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race , run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history . It will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River , and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street . Construction : Joe Clifford paints the ceiling of RunBase near the 26-mile mark of the Boston Marathon , in Boston on Wednesday . Champion : A gold laurel wreath , which is awarded to the winner of the Boston Marathon , is displayed at the Boston Athletic Association . The wreath , and other historic items from the race , will be on display when RunBase opens later in April . Location : RunBase is just a few blocks from the marathon finish line , and even nearer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 race . Runners are seen here during the 2013 Boston Marathon . If they want to pick up a pair of shoes or a Boston Marathon jacket , they can do that , too . ` This RunBase is the front door , ' Tom Grilk , the executive director of the Boston Athletic Association , said this week before checking in on the construction at the Boylston Street storefront . ` It is intended to be a place where the visitor can touch the history , the tradition of the Boston Marathon , and then get out and do something , go for a run themselves . ' A combined effort between the B.A.A. , Adidas and longtime shoe-seller Marathon Sports , which is providing the staff and retail know-how , the Boston RunBase is a shoeseum of sorts : part shoe store , part museum . It is the sixth RunBase for Adidas 0 the first in the U.S. . But it will differ from locations from Tokyo to Prague , as well as the Nike store nearby , because of its association with the Boston Marathon . ` Not only is the Boston Marathon the Carnegie Hall of running , but Boston is an amazing running community , ' said Mikal Peveto , Adidas ' director of running innovation . And that became even more apparent after two bombs interrupted the 2013 race , attacks that galvanized runners and turned the Boston Marathon into a symbol of the city 's resilience . ` It drew the global running community together over something that 's kind of ours , as runners , ' Peveto said . ` It changed everything . From something so tragic , it was incredibly powerful what came out of that ... realizing that we had something even more special than we had before . ' A running club that had long been associated primarily with its flagship race , the B.A.A. had spent the last 15 years expanding its calendar to include a half-marathon in the fall and a 5K and 10K in the spring and summer . But the organization remained tucked away a few blocks from the course in offices decorated with memorabilia that can be seen , Grilk said , by ` essentially nobody . ' Down the street : Boylston Street , the site of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing - as well as the finish line for the marathon itself - is now how to a Boston Marathon-themed store and clubhouse . Legacy : A cyclist pedals over the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Wednesday . Year-round visitors to Boston have had limited options to learn the history of the race , besides visiting the course , until this month when RunBase opens . Leader : Tom Grilk , the executive director of the Boston Athletic Association , smiles during an interview regarding RunBase . ` We thought : Why not take all this stuff and bring it out to the street ? ' he said . ` If you can be engaged with the community , you have a chance . You may still screw things up , but you have a chance . Otherwise , you 're just the guys who are stopping traffic . ' The B.A.A. plans to use the RunBase for special events , including clinics and meet-ups where recreational joggers can connect or get tips from coaches before heading out on a run . Lockers and showers will save them a trip home to change ; those staying at one of the Back Bay 's dozens of hotels might be sent by the front desk to find a running partner or a good route for , say , a leisurely 5K . The site is about one block after marathon runners turn off of Hereford Street for the final stretch to the finish line , not far from the Charles River Esplanade that is one of the city 's prettiest backdrops for a run . It is across the street from the Hynes Convention Center , which hosts a shoulder-to-shoulder runners ' expo on marathon weekend and events throughout the year . ` For me , it does n't matter if it 's a dental convention or a running convention , ' Peveto said . ` Right outside on Boylston Street , when they walk outside , they 're going to see that RunBase . ' Much of the memorabilia had been on display in the B.A.A. offices . Other items , like the sweatshirt Kathrine Switzer wore when she became the first woman to enter the race -- and when a race official tried to bodily remove her from the course -- were locked away in drawers . Now they will be included in rotating exhibits , along with records of every Boston Marathon competitor in one place for the first time . ` You could go in there and say , `` Hey , my dad ran this in 1972 . '' And click , click , click , you could look up your dad , ' Peveto said . Said B.A.A. spokesman Jack Fleming : ` This will be our Ellis Island . ' ` When someone participates in the Boston Marathon , they feel like they are added to the honor roll . It 's almost like being a part of an alumni association : You just have that connection with the people that have preceded you , ' he said . ` And you know that you are following , literally , in their footsteps . '