Two young Muslims have put a 14-year-old Pakistani boy in hospital with burns to 55 percent of his body after they set him on fire because he is a Christian . The teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan , who has been identified only as Nuaman , had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene . The boy , who is now being treated at Mayo Hospital in Lahore , described how he was approached by the two Muslim youths as they left Friday prayers at their local mosque . Scroll down for video . The teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan , who has been identified only as Nuaman , is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body . They asked him what his religion was and then , when he replied he was a Christian , they started beating him . Nuaman tired to escaped but as he fled the two other boys poured Kerosene on him and set him on fire . He said he ran -- still on fire -- until he reached a mound of sand which he rolled around in . Nuaman said some members of his local community helped him put out his burning clothes by pouring more sand on top of him , Breitbart news network reported . The 14-year-old , who lives with his uncle , has said he did not know who had attacked him but said he would be able to identify the assailants if he saw them again . Three weeks ago in Pakistan , in the country 's Sheikhupura District , a 17-year-old Christian narrowly escaped with his life following a similar religiously motivated attack . Sunny Masih was seized by a Muslim mob , beaten and thrown in a flaming kiln . He also suffered severe and extensive burns in the incident . Nuaman is now receiving treatment for his injuries in Lahore 's Mayo Hospital , one of the largest in the region . There are fears that both assaults were acts of retaliation motivated by a Christian attack on two members of the Pakistani Taliban , believed to be behind bomb attacks on two churches in Lahore in March . The militant grop detonated two bombs outside churches in the city , killing 17 and wounding a further 80 . In the aftermath of the attacks Christians in Lahore took to the streets demanding government protection . Christian vigilantes lynch church bombing suspects after the attack in Lahore killed 15 worshippers and leaves almost 80 wounded . Muslim hostilities appear to be on the upswing in Pakistan in the wake of the recent disturbances . Chritians make up only 2 percent of Pakistan 's 182 million people . They have been targets of increasing violence in recent years . In 2013 , 80 people were killed and more than 100 others wounded after twin suicide attacks were carried out at the All Saint 's Church in Peshawar , in what is believed to be the deadliest attack on the country 's Christians . Lahore 's Christians took to the streets in the wake of the attacks but their actions were met by an upswing of religious violence in the area .