Barcelona took a major step towards qualification for the last four of the Champions League after they dismantled Paris Saint-Germain on Wednesday night . Sportsmail 's ADAM CRAFTON takes a look at five things we learned from Barcelona 's emphatic victory . Super Suarez . It feels rather strange now but there was a time last summer when we were all wondering whether Luis Suarez - with his penchant for a human-based snack during football matches - was worth all that money for Barcelona . There can be no question anymore . It is now 17 goals for the season and Barcelona 's front three , spearheaded by Suarez , Lionel Messi and Neymar is the most in-form in world football . They are a frightening prospect and Suarez , after three goals in his first 12 games for Barcelona , has hit the high notes at the right time . He has scored 10 in his last 11 games - including two crucial goals away at Manchester City - and his understanding with his strike partners has elevated this Barcelona side to a new level . Luis Suarez scores his second of the night to give Barcelona a 3-0 lead in their tie at Paris Saint-Germain . The former Liverpool forward is mobbed by his Barcelona team-mates after doubling his tally for the evening . PSG yearn for Zlatan 's quality . Prior to this game , PSG were unbeaten so far this season when playing without Zlatan Ibrahimovic , winning 11 and drawing 5 of the 16 games . It had developed a view - nourished by that inspiring performance when Ibrahbimovic was sent off at Chelsea - that PSG may be a stronger collective unit without the Swede . Yet on the grandest occasions , you still require that moment of world-class quality and Laurent Blanc really needed Edinson Cavani to stand tall here . Zlatan Ibrahimovic , pictured in action on Saturday , missed the game against Barcelona through suspension . Edinson Cavani failed to deliver the goods for PSG and looked out-of-sorts against Barcelona on Wednesday . Once more , though , the Uruguayan failed to deliver on the biggest stage . PSG fans still wince at the memory of his miss against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge last season and so often , he leaves you wanting more in these pivotal games . He was brilliantly denied by a Javier Mascherano challenge in the first half but you sensed he lacked the conviction to really make the most of the opportunity . He does some wonderful things , moving with pace and intelligence but when faced with a guilt-edged opening , he too often loses that defining ability to remain cool and detached when faced by a goalkeeper and the roar of the crowd . When bearing down on Mascherano in the first half , he was like a pianist whose timing has deserted him , hesitating and pontificating . It is now only four goals in 15 games and you can perhaps understand why PSG may be tempted to cash in on him . Neymar back in form . After a run of three goals in 10 games , the Brazilian had begun to fade into the shadows a little , particularly when placed against the the brilliance of Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez . The local rumour mill had begun swirling and there were suggestions - not without foundation - in the Catalan media that Neymar is unhappy with how often he is substituted by his manager . This was a good response . He remains such a talent and the opening goal tonight was clinically dispatched and marked his 28th goal of an excellent season . Messi was pulling the strings as ever but Neymar was the most eye-catching Barcelona forward in the first-half . Neymar was Barcelona 's most eye-catching forward in the first half of their victory against PSG . Neymar celebrates with Luis Suarez after the Uruguayan scored his first of two goals against PSG . PSG 's Euro home run comes to an end . This victory for Barcelona brought a shuddering end to PSG 's proud unbeaten run at the Parc de Princes in European competition . Barcelona are the first team to win here in either the Europa League or Champions League since Hapoel Tel-Aviv in 2006 - an undefeated streak that had lasted nine years , yielding 22 wins and 11 draws . In truth , the victory was rarely in doubt from the first whistle , such was Barcelona 's composure and quality on the ball . Sir Alex Ferguson once described the experience of facing Barcelona 's passing game as like being on a ` carousel ' . PSG started brightly and for a few moments , it looked like the carousel might have malfunctioned . But it was no more than a glitch . PSG hopped on and when the referee finally called time , they staggered off across the fairground , most probably feeling rather sick . Marquinhos and Yohan Cabaye reflect on PSG 's defeat ... their first at home in European football since 2006 . Busquets is the midfield maestro . We have marvelled for years at the gifts of Xavi and Andres Iniesta and while the shielding work of Sergio Busquets has also been appreciated , it does seem as though he has become even more prominent under Luis Enrique . He reads the game with such intelligence , stepping in with poise and composure to mop up the danger . Those around him - Iniesta , Rakitic and Xavi add the decoration - but Busquets ' consistent brilliance forms the foundations of this Barcelona midfield . Every team is grateful to its ` water-carriers ' , as Eric Cantona once dubbed Didier Deschamps , but with Busquets in this form , Barcelona could be heading towards the champagne come the end of the season . Sergio Busquets ' consistent brilliance forms the foundations of the Barcelona midfield .