The Tories are set to steal Labour 's thunder by unveiling tax breaks for workers on the minimum wage . A text message intended for a senior aide to George Osborne -- but accidentally sent to a newspaper -- yesterday divulged plans for a ` tax free minimum wage ' . The details are unclear , but it is thought this would mean that those on the minimum wage would be exempt from paying any income tax -- even if its level is raised in future . New plan : The details of George Osborne 's leaked plans are unclear , but it is believed to mean that minimum wage earners wouldn ' t be paying any income tax . The minimum wage currently stands at £ 6.50 an hour , rising to £ 6.70 in October . Labour 's Ed Miliband yesterday pledged that he would help low earners by raising the level above £ 8 an hour by October 2019 . But the Conservatives look set to outflank both Labour and the Lib Dems on the issue of low pay with a firm commitment in their own manifesto , released today . David Cameron said in his speech to the Conservative party conference last year that he wanted to see the threshold for paying income tax -- currently £ 10,600 -- go up to £ 12,500 by April 2020 . This will take an extra million people out of income tax altogether , while giving 30million workers a tax cut worth £ 500 a year . Critique : Danny Alexander said Osborne 's spending plans are ` becoming less and less credible ' But if Mr Cameron goes further by also raising the minimum wage -- and still keeping everyone on it out of tax -- then that would represent a major giveaway . Tax cuts for the low paid are a priority for the Prime Minister after promising to raise the inheritance tax threshold and the 40p rate of tax for those on higher incomes . A text message from Downing Street intended for the Chancellor 's adviser , Neil O ' Brien , read : ` Hi Neil , Have sent you the tax free min wage press notice draft . Rupert asks if you could print for George in no11 ? ' Rupert refers to Rupert Harrison , the Chancellor 's most senior economic adviser . The text message ended up being sent to a journalist at The Guardian . It is thought that it refers to a guarantee that , every time the minimum wage rises , its recipients would be protected from paying any income tax . Danny Alexander , the Liberal Democrat Chief Secretary to the Treasury , said it would be another unfunded spending commitment . He added : ` George Osborne 's spending plans are becoming less and less credible by the day , and it 's embarrassing . ` They now expect the public to believe them when they make unfunded promises with one hand , whilst decimating family budgets and public services with the other . ' Harriet Harman , deputy leader of the Labour party , said : ` The Tories are making panicky promises with absolutely no idea how they will pay for them . ' Mr Miliband yesterday brought forward by one year his pledge to increase the minimum wage to £ 8 . He also promised to enforce it more effectively with higher fines for offending firms .