Police are hunting Peter Fox , 26 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- after his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in an alleged double murder . A 26-year-old man wanted for the murder of his mother and sister has been arrested after being spotted by a member of the public . Peter Fox , from Liverpool , was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning on suspicion of the murders of Bernadette , 57 , and Sarah Fox , 27 , following a nationwide manhunt . Detectives released CCTV images of the 26-year-old leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 8.18 pm on Wednesday and arriving at Euston railway station in the capital at 10.57 pm . The body of his sister was found by police on Thursday night , just hours before her 57-year-old mother Bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away in Bootle , Merseyside . Merseyside Police said Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . Bernadette and Sarah 's family today said they are ` absolutely devastated ' at their loss . Detective Chief Inspector Dave Rooney from Merseyside Police said : ` I can confirm that a 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of the murders of Bernadette and Sarah Fox this morning and is being brought back to Merseyside . ` A significant amount of work has been carried out over the weekend with the Metropolitan Police and British Transport Police and I would like to thank them for their assistance . ` I would also like to thank the media and the public for their support during the weekend , which has helped us enormously . ' In a statement issued through police , a spokesman for the Fox family said : ` We are absolutely devastated following the loss of Bernadette and Sarah and are still trying to come to terms with what has happened to them both . The family of Bernadette -LRB- left -RRB- and Sarah -LRB- right -RRB- have said they are ` absolutely devastated ' at their loss . ` Bernadette , who was a mother of three and grandmother of three , was a very outgoing and lovely person who would n't harm anyone . In fact she only ever had nice things to say about people . She was so caring and would help anyone . ` And Sarah was loved by her family and well-liked by her friends and neighbours . She was a fantastic aunty and was a cheeky , bubbly and outgoing person who loved her dog . They will both be greatly missed . ` We would ask that people appreciate that this is a sad and tragic time for the family and that we are left alone to grieve in peace , whilst we try to understand what has happened . ' The family urged anyone with information about the incident to contact police to help them ` find justice for Bernadette and Sarah ' . Sarah Fox 's body was found around 9 pm on Thursday night after police received a phone call about her welfare . A neighbour had reportedly raised the alarm after seeing a dog loose on the streets . Detectives released CCTV images of Peter Fox arriving at Euston Station -LRB- right -RRB- in the capital at around 10.57 pm on Wednesday night after leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 8.18 pm -LRB- left -RRB- . Another neighbour living close to the flat , who did not want to be named , said : ` I saw one of my neighbours in the street who said he was worried after he noticed the dog from the flat roaming the streets , he had seen it a few times so he knocked on the door but got no answer . ` He called to the house last night and noticed there was a downstairs window open and the back door was ajar . ' It was then that the police were called and officers found Sarah Fox 's body , who they said had suffered ` multiple injuries ' . ` It 's so shocking . I 've spoken to the girl from those flats before two or three times , she seemed a nice girl , ' the neighbour added . Bernadette Fox was found when police arrived at her address through other enquiries . One neighbour near the sheltered housing property , who did wish to be named , said : ` The girl 's name was Sarah - people called her Foxy - and her mum was Bernie . Police launched a double murder inquiry after the bodies of two women were found at separate addresses in Bootle , Merseyside . Pictured , officers outside a property in Worcester Road . Sarah Fox , 27 , was found dead with multiple injuries at around 9 pm on Thursday evening , after police were called to Worcester Road -LRB- pictured -RRB- over concerns for her welfare . ` Bernie was harmless and Sarah I think had worked at a solicitors nearby , Bernie had a son as well . ` The place where Bernie lived was sheltered accommodation and it had cameras all over the place . ` There 's a camera over the intercom so anyone letting someone in would see them . It 's a hard place to get into . ' Martin Stevenson , Director of Older People 's Services at Your Housing Group , said yesterday : ` Tragically a body was discovered at one of our Roger Arden Court sheltered scheme apartments in Bootle this morning . ` Merseyside Police attended the incident and we are continuing to support them with their investigations . ` Our thoughts are very much with the family and friends of the deceased at this difficult time . ' Patricia Doragh , who lives in a property near the flat , said : ` It is quite a rough area around here especially up the side streets . ` The police are always up and down the main road it 's not a rare thing , it 's a street quite well known for alcohol . ` When I took my grandsons out earlier about 12 o'clock there was nothing here and now all the cordons are up . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .