Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan as Chelsea edged closer to the title with a ` lucky ' win over Queens Park Rangers . The Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriner 's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control after other missiles rained down on the Loftus Road pitch . QPR manager Chris Ramsey condemned the behaviour . ` We do n't want any objects thrown on the pitch , ' he said . ` Hostilities between fans can go too far . If that 's the case , we 'll encourage them not to come back . ' Jubilant Chelsea celebrations were marred by objects being thrown onto the pitch by the crowd . Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic hands over a coin to referee Andre Marriner during the match on Sunday . Jose Mourinho , who admitted Chelsea ` were lucky ' , refused to be drawn into the controversy . ` The game was correct . Correct on the pitch , correct in the stands . Hopefully correct outside , ' he said . ` If somebody throws a pound , put the pound in your pocket and go . If it 's a chocolate , eat it . No problem . ` It 's not easy , because emotionally it 's a big game for them and us . The referee also helped , a very stable man who solves , not creates , problems in the game . ' During the Chelsea celebrations at Loftus Road , the Blues were targeted by objects thrown from the crowd . The Loftus Road pitch was covered in litter and objects following the west London derby contest on Sunday . Chelsea duo Nemanja Matic -LRB- left -RRB- and Branislav Ivanovic react after being struck with objects . Chelsea extended their lead over Arsenal to seven points , with a game in hand , and Mourinho added : ` This was a typical game for 0-0 . So , obviously , very happy with my team because we kept always good emotional control . We never lost balance , we were not under pressure ; if we 'd had to go home with a point , we would have . ' Mourinho said Loic Remy should be available for next weekend 's home game with Manchester United after sitting this one out with a calf strain . Meanwhile , Ramsey refused to blame Green for Sunday 's loss , despite the goalkeeper 's crucial mistake . Cesc Fabregas ' low strike , Chelsea 's first shot on target , was enough to secure the win at Loftus Road . ` I 'm not blaming Robert Green . It was n't one of his best kicks , but we had a long time to defend that properly and we did n't , for the first time in the game , ' said the QPR boss . ` You have to defend it better . Rob is going to be down because he 's a top player . We all make mistakes . ` Why did n't we score ? That 's a mistake in itself . ` Rob has been fantastic for this club this season . If he had not been in the form he has been , we would n't be anywhere near . I 'm hoping he does n't internalise it as his fault why we lost . ' Midfielder Cesc Fabregas runs away in celebration having scored a vital winner in the 88th minute .