When Catherine Gerhardt got her business of the ground , she chose to reach out to her competitors and ask them if they were interested in collaborating . While most ignored her offer , she did receive one response so nasty , that the thought of it still fires her up . ` I felt as though I had been punched in the gut , ' Ms Gerhardt told Daily Mail Australia . After reaching out to competitors only to receive a nasty response , Catherine Gerhardt now uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online ` flamers ' She teaches the children to follow ICE : Ignore , Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies . ` He basically responded saying that I could never know as much as he knows , it was a total power play . ' Ms Gerhardt chose to employ the same initiatives she teaches to young children through her Melbourne company , Kidproof Safety , and completely ignore the bully . ` When dealing with a ` flamer ' or troll , all you want to do is respond to justify yourself , ' she said . ` But I tell the children to instead follow ` ICE ' and Ignore , Communicate and Exit . ' Much like a Troller , a ` flamer ' sends messages with the intention to hurt the recipient and get a reaction . An internet troll often trawls through social media , hunting for victims , while a ` flamer ' -LRB- like in Ms Gerhardt 's case -RRB- waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response . Ms Gerhardt tells her students that by ignoring , the bully is being frozen in their tracks with nowhere to go . Then by communicating the incident to an adult and then exiting the situation , the behaviour is not escalated . She advises those experiencing this behaviour to try and not take it personally . Ms Gerhardt tells her students that by ignoring , the bully is being frozen in their tracks with nowhere to go . An internet troll often trawls through social media , hunting for victims , while a ` flamer ' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response . Along with the ICE motto , Ms Gerhardt , in her early 40 's , also advises adults and children who witness others being ` flamed , ' to employ ` ACT . ' ` Assess ' the situation , ` Calm ' yourself down before getting involved and ` Tell ' someone about the bullying behaviour , ' she said . ` Bullying-related suicides often happen because ICE and ACT have n't worked that well and the victim has had a difficult time exiting the situation . ' If , for business purposes , the victim must respond to the ` flamer , ' Ms Gerhardt has advised that via email is not ideal . ` With email , it 's all about the tone , ' she said . ` I would personally step up and attempt a person to person conversation rather than over email . ' Ms Gerhardt believes that internet bullies are seeking a reaction from as many people as possible . ` They just want to stir the pot , ' she said . ` I live by the mantra , if you ca n't say anything nice , do n't say anything at all . '