A tribunal found Cambridge graduate Svetlana Lokhova , 33 , was a ` resilient person ' driven to a mental breakdown by work colleagues at the bank . A high-flying banker falsely branded ` Crazy Miss Cokehead ' has been awarded £ 3.2 million after her career was destroyed by sexist taunts . Cambridge graduate Svetlana Lokhova was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment by bullying male colleagues , an employment tribunal found . Workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user , dubbed her ` Miss Bonkers ' , and said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks . Miss Lokhova , 33 , the only woman in her team , won her legal claim that she was the victim of sexual harassment and unfairly forced to leave her £ 750,000-a-year role . She was awarded £ 3.14 million for lost earnings , £ 44,000 for hurt feelings and £ 15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at the Central London Employment Tribunal . They ruled she was a ` resilient person ' who had suffered ` disgraceful ' harassment and victimisation by colleagues in the London branch of Russian-based Sberbank CIB . Miss Lokhova said her reputation was ` shredded ' by the taunts and slurs , which meant she could never get another job in financial services . She has been unable to work for more than three years and the tribunal said it accepted medical evidence that her City career was effectively over . It heard she was tormented by colleagues on the equity sales desk of the bank , who referred to her as ` mad Svetlana ' and said she was ` chemically dependent ' and ` a major car crash ' . Giving evidence last year , Miss Lokhova said : ` My manager and colleagues described me in sexist terms as `` Miss Cokehead '' , `` bitch '' ... and `` Miss Dodgy Septum '' in communications made to senior people and clients . My job was made impossible . This persistent unlawful treatment has had a seriously detrimental effect on my health , with severe and long-term consequences . ' She added : ` I am completely broken down and exhausted by the bank 's campaign against me . I can never return to financial services again , which I loved and where I was enjoying considerable success . ` Everybody knows everybody 's business in banking and people believe there is no smoke without fire . My reputation has been shredded . ' The tribunal found Miss Lokhova to be a ` resilient person ' but ruled that harassment by her colleague at Sberbank -LRB- pictured -RRB- , David Longmuir , triggered ` chronic and long-term symptoms ' of mental breakdown . Miss Lokhova -LRB- pictured -RRB- was falsely accused of being a cocaine addict and branded ` Miss Dodgy Septum ' Former manager David Longmuir sent an email to a client in which he said he was ` awaiting arrival of Ms Cokehead in a puff of sulphurous smoke ' . The tribunal said he should have been sacked for gross misconduct but heard he left the bank a year after Miss Lokhova resigned , and received a payout of about £ 170,000 . When Miss Lokhova brought her legal claim against the bank , the false allegation that she was a drug user was put to her in a public hearing , which she said had made her ordeal worse . The tribunal said it was an attempt to bully her and awarded her aggravated damages to compensate for the ` deliberate , planned and unnecessary misuse of these proceedings ' . Miss Lokhova took a drug test during the hearing , which was negative . She joined the bank , which is Russia 's largest lender , in 2008 in an £ 80,000-a-year post . The tribunal heard her salary and bonuses increased until she was earning more than £ 750,000 a year . At one point she was awarded a £ 600,000 cash bonus after generating profits worth millions . Miss Lokhova said yesterday : ` The case has been a long , difficult and draining process which has all but taken over my life and those of people close to me . But more than three years after my ordeal began , I have found the one thing I was seeking -- justice . ' Sberbank said : ` We are committed to take on board any lessons to be learned . '