The jury is rapidly nearing a verdict in Aaron Hernandez 's murder trial after the defense team presented their entire case in just one day . Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd , who was shot six times in the chest and back on June 17 , 2013 . Defending his not guilty plea , Hernandez 's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3 pm . Following tomorrow 's closing statements , the jury will deliberate on their verdict . Scroll down for video . Nearing the end : Aaron Hernandez 's defense team took just one day to deliver their case against prosecutors who spent two months producing 100 pieces of evidence . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to killing Odin Lloyd . Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . At the time of the killing , in an industrial park near Hernandez 's North Attleborough home , the tight end had a $ 40 million contract with the Patriots . The defense 's first witness was Dr. David Greenblatt , a professor at Tufts University School of Medicine , who testified that the drug PCP can cause people to be suddenly violent , even days after smoking it . Hernandez 's two co-defendants , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , were seen smoking PCP a few days before the crime . Both men have pleaded not guilty and will be tried later . Prosecutor Patrick Bomberg went after Greenblatt 's testimony , showing surveillance video of Ortiz , Wallace and Hernandez from Hernandez 's home before and immediately after the killing . In the videos , the men do not appear to be acting strangely . The former New England Patriots smiles during his murder trial at the Bristol County Superior Court . The judge has said she expects closing arguments to be delivered on Tuesday or Wednesday . ` This is essentially three minutes after the murder -- you 'd expect to see something lingering of PCP psychosis or intoxication , ' Bomberg said , asking if Greenblatt could detect such behavior . ` You just ca n't tell , ' Greenblatt replied . Testimony by two other witnesses related to DNA on a shell casing found inside a silver Nissan Altima that Hernandez rented , which prosecutors say he used to drive Lloyd to his death . When police found the shell casing in a trash bin at a rental car agency , it was stuck to chewed blue bubble gum that also was found in the Nissan . In testing , Hernandez 's DNA was found on the shell casing . The defense has argued it got there from the bubble gum . Hernandez lawyer James Sultan said he planned to call just three witnesses before resting later Monday . The judge has said she expects closing arguments to be delivered on Tuesday or Wednesday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .