A woman who is five months pregnant and was fired from her job at Popeyes after an armed robber made off with $ 400 on her shift says she has been offered her job . Only Marissa Holcomb is n't so sure she wants to go back to the fried chicken chain in Channelview , Texas . The mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on March 31 , however she was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen , with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time . Now Popeyes have offered to take Holcomb back and have offered her $ 2,000 in backpay , since she has been out of work for almost one month . ` I do need a way to support my kids , ' she told KHOU . ' -LRB- But -RRB- I do n't want to go back to a business where I 'm treated the same and I just get pushed back out if something else happened . ' Scroll down for video . Welcome back : Marissa Holcomb - who is five months pregnant with her fourth child - was fired from Popeyes after $ 400 was robbed from her till and she refused to pay it back . She has now been offered her job back , but is unsure whether to take it . Robbery : A man armed with a handgun and his concealed with a red beanie held up the Popeyes in Channelview , Texas , on March 31 . Less than two days later Marissa Holcomb was fired . Hold up : The robber managed to get $ 400 cash from the till , which Popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register . They said it is not the first time Holcomb had got in trouble for not clearing the till . Holcomb was left shaken by the incident , in which a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed with a red beanie jumped the counter and held the gun to her head , demanding money . Holcomb was n't able to access the safes , so the robber made with the cash in the till - totaling $ 400 . Her bosses said it was against there policy to have such an amount in the register and gave Holcomb an ultimatum - pay it back or lose her job . ` I just had a gun to me . I 'm not paying the money , ' Holcomb told KHOU earlier in the week . ` I do n't think it 's right because now I 'm struggling for my family because what I had to do to keep my life . ` I mean who 's gon na call me ? I 'm five months pregnant . ` The fact that I got robbed at gunpoint and it 's like nobody cares . ' Holcomb said she was fired less than two days after the incident . A Popeyes spokesman said it was n't the first time Holcomb had n't cleared the till . Marissa Holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview on March 31 and then fired because of it . The spokesman said that if Holcomb was given the opportunity to pay the money back they were not aware of such a situation . CEO Cheryl Bachelder then released a statement Wednesday evening , saying head office had ` reached out ' to the owner of the Channelview store and asked him to ` apologize and rectify ' the situation . Holcomb claimed she had done her job properly and that it was an extremely busy night . The chain were offering a popular two piece chicken special for $ 1.19 on the night of the robbery . ` They got what they got because that 's what we made within one hour , ' she said . Scene : The robbery occurred at this Popeye 's in Channelview , Texas , east of downtown Houston .