Jake Shaw , 21 , died after falling from the upper floor of the Scout centre in the Swiss Alps where he had been volunteering as a climbing instructor . A popular graduate fell to his death from a bedroom window in the Swiss Alps after playing drinking games , an inquest heard . Jake Shaw was just beginning his gap year - volunteering as a climbing instructor at Kandersteg International Scout Centre - when the tragedy occurred last year . The 21-year-old had fallen 25ft -LRB- 8m -RRB- from the upper floor of the building in the early hours of August 1 . He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later . Lincoln Coroner 's Court heard that shortly before his death , Jake had been celebrating the Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games called ` Power Hour ' and ` Ring of Fire . ' After consuming a large amount of beer in the staff room at the centre he returned to his room at around 2.45 am in a ` very drunk state ' . It is then believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window and toppled out of the window at the adventure camp in Interlaken , Switzerland . Today Lincolnshire Central assistant coroner Paul Smith , concluded that Jake 's death was an accident . He said : ` The level of alcohol in his body was consistent with 11 standard drinks . ` It 's the presumption that he was undeniably very drunk that evening - how that affected his balance is a matter of speculation . ` The most likely explanation is that in his state he took himself to bed , opened the window and perhaps overbalanced and fell . ` I 'm satisfied that this was a tragic accident . ' The court heard how in the game ` Power Hour ' , participants have to drink a shot of beer every minute for an hour and if completed two and a half litres of beer is consumed . A police report read out during the inquest , added : ` Examinations indicated that the August 1 celebrations were followed by a private party which Jake had attended . ` There were group games with drinks in the staff room . Jake had probably drank a large amount of mainly beer . After consuming a large amount of beer in the staff room at Kandersteg International Scout Centre he returned to his room at around 2.45 am in a ` very drunk state ' . Shortly before his death , adventure-loving Jake had been celebrating the Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games called ` Power Hour ' and ` Ring of Fire ' ` At some time after 2.45 am he came away in an alcoholised state without letting anyone know where he was going . ` It must be presumed he returned to his room . How the fall happened ca n't be established in any detail . ' Jake , from Welton , Lincolnshire had graduated with a maths degree from Sheffield University and had just started a gap year at the time of his death . The keen mountaineer and skier was planning to spend the winter season in the nearby French Alps . His devastated parents , Ian , 51 , and Fiona Shaw , 52 , wrote a joint statement about their son which was read out during the inquest . In it they said : ` Jake was intelligent , reliable , easy going and a loveable young man . He loved life , his friends and his family , and his passions were music and climbing . ` He had plans for next year mapped out to live life to the full . ` We are happy he was having a great time in the place he loved . ' Jake , who loved the outdoors , was just beginning his gap year by volunteering as a climbing instructor when the tragedy occurred . The keen mountaineer and skier was planning to spend the winter season in the nearby French Alps before his tragic death . At the time of his death mother Fiona , a speech and language therapist , said : ` Jake was very gifted , the best son in the world who became my rock - he was dependable and made me laugh . ` He was intelligent and very funny , with a dry sense of humour . ` Although Jake was taken from us at only 21 , they were great years and Jake was fortunate to have had so many marvellous experiences and done so much in his life . ' Ian , a human resources manager , added : ` We are a very close family and we are all so proud of Jake . ` The countless messages we have received from his wide circle of friends have made us realise just how popular and loved by others he was . ` Jake was an avid reader and he really knew what was going on in the world . . He followed loads of sports , especially football , cycling and cricket . ` He did things I never achieved through his mountaineering trips abroad and we followed his achievements with pride . I 'll really miss going out walking and climbing with him . '