As the anniversary of their daughter 's suicide approaches , Michael and Jane Cleland have spoken of their battle to have the two teenage boys , who they say bullied their daughter to death , held accountable for their actions under cyber bullying laws . Jessica Cleland , from Wallan , Victoria , was 19 when she took her own life on Easter Saturday last year , after receiving Facebook messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her , and that she was a ` f *** ing sook ' . Her parents said that Jessica 's social media accounts were flooded with horrible sentiments the night before she died , and are now desperate to see a change within Victoria 's Government and the state 's police so that those found guilty of cyber bullying face serious consequences . The parents of Jessica Cleland -LRB- pictured -RRB- are campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously . ` What we would like to see happen is that if someone is cyber bullying somebody and they cause something like this , then they should be held accountable for it , ' said Jessica 's father Michael . On Easter Saturday last year , Jessica told her her mother that she was going for a run . Her sister Amy became concerned after seeing an Instagram photo Jessica uploaded with the caption ` I love this place and I am never going to leave ' . Jessica 's father found her body on the Sunday in the same place where the photo had been taken . The Cleland 's said that Jessica was a vibrant and and outgoing girl , who was looking forward to her gap year and had never exhibited symptoms of depression or mental illness before the two former friends began bullying her online . Coroner Jacqui Hawkins said in the report she released in October that Jessica 's death highlighted the impact that social media could have on the lives on young people , and that both Facebook and text messaging was ` problematic ' for the teenager . ` Easy access to the internet on her phone meant that she was exposed to potentially upsetting communications 24 hours a day ; and she was able to return to , and re-read , the upsetting messages at a later time and therefore appears to have continued to ruminate about them , ' the coroners report said . ` Although it is not possible to identify , with any degree of certainty , the factors contributing to a person 's decision to take their own life , it is evident that messages received by Jessica online proximate to her death ... were precipitating factors , ' reported The ABC . Jessica -LRB- pictured right , with her sister Amy , left -RRB- committed suicide after she was bullied over Facebook . Following the release of the coroners report , the Cleland 's are now campaigning to see cyber bullying taken more seriously in Victoria and around Australia . Victoria already has anti-bullying legislation known as Brodie 's Law , which was introduced in 2011 after the death of Brodie Panlock , who committed suicide after being subject to relentless bullying in her workplace . The crime is punishable by ten years in jail , and applies to cyber bullying as well as physical , verbal and psychological bullying . Despite these laws , and the finding of the coroner who named the two teenage boys , there has been no charges and no inquest into Jessica 's death , which the Cleland 's labelled as a failure . Police also failed to produce a warrant to obtain communication between Jessica and her bullies from Facebook and Snapchat . The Cleland 's said that they were disappointed with the Victorian police for failing to investigate and want to see the teenagers held accountable for their actions . ` If you accidentally hit someone in your car you can get manslaughter . What 's the difference if you bully someone and cause them to take their own life ? ' , Jessica 's mother Jane told The Herald-Sun . ` They keep saying they 're going to have a big push on cyber bullying and try to knock it on the head , but it seems like it 's too much hard work . ' Jessica 's grandmother wrote of the impact of the 19-year-old 's death on the family , and called for harsher enforcement of the anti-bullying legislation . ` It seems there is a law in Victoria that criminalises cyber bullying , but it does n't get enforced because of the police paperwork ... Cyber bullying is a silent killer of too many of our young ones , ' she wrote . ` We have the evidence ... but where 's the justice ? ' If you or someone you know is struggling with mental illness or depression , please contact Lifeline on 13 11 14 .