Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when the time comes . Giggs has been Van Gaal 's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer . The former United midfielder had a spell in temporary charge of the 20-time English champions following the dismissal of David Moyes last season and Van Gaal believes the Welshman would be the natural choice to succeed him when he departs . Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when he leaves the club . Giggs has a word with United captain Wayne Rooney as the Dutch manager watches on at Anfield last month . ` I expect that he -LRB- Giggs -RRB- will be the next manager after I am gone , ' Van Gaal told MUTV . ` Now I have the responsibility . He has tasks that he has to perform like the players . What he has to do , for me , he does it very well . ' The Welshman made a record 963 appearances for United during his glittering playing career , which stretched to 25 years . The 41-year-old won a remarkable 25 trophies , including 13 Barclays Premier League titles and two Champions Leagues . Just last week Van Gaal spoke of his admiration for the former winger , admitting there was a likeness between him and his own former assistant Jose Mourinho . Van Gaal has previously likened Giggs to his own former assistant - now Chelsea manager - Jose Mourinho . Giggs and Van Gaal sit side-by-side on the United bench , and the Dutch coach trusts his assistant a lot . ` I have to admit , I could not imagine when I spoke with him in May , that he would work so very hard , ' Van Gaal said at a press conference on the eve of United 's defeat to Mourinho 's Chelsea . ` As an ex-player , you are not used to working hard . He is a very hard worker . ` He reads the game very good , like Jose . But to manage a group you have to learn . What I can see is that he is also learning quickly . ' Giggs described taking charge of United for four games last year as ` the proudest moment of my life ' . Giggs described taking charge of United for four games last year as ` the proudest moment of my life ' The former Wales international took charge of matches against Nowich , Sunderland , Hull and Southampton . The former Wales international added : ` I have supported Manchester United all my life , I have been a part of the club since I was 13 . I am proud , I am happy , a little nervous . ' Giggs was given a near-deafening reception when he walked down the touchline and took his place in the home dugout at Old Trafford prior to his first match - a 4-0 win over Norwich . He was brought back down to earth a week later when his team lost at home to Sunderland , but United bounced back with victory over Hull and rounded off their season with a 1-1 draw at Southampton . Mourinho worked under Van Gaal earlier in his career and the Dutchman sees similar traits in Giggs .