I hope when you were sitting at home in front of your tellies looking forward to the latest instalment of the Arsene vs Jose show that you remembered all important thing : this classic managerial match-up is no capital club sprint , it 's a London derby marathon . And yes , it might well have been entertaining to see the pair - one dressed as a clown , say , and the other a superhero - having it out on the streets while Crammy and Brendan told us some fascinating facts about historical landmarks . Perhaps they can do that next year ? This year , instead , once the actual race was run , all roads led to the Emirates and a Sky Sports team all set to act as pacemaker for the afternoon . Arsene Wenger has a look in the direction of Jose Mourinho during the stalemate at the Emirates . And , yes , of course they did bother to point out that there also happened to be an important game of football going on . One with the added factor of Cesc Fabregas happening to be the man in the middle , on a couple of levels . But surely there was never any doubt which two men were going to set the tone for what was about to come . Having just made it sound like some kind of Premier League Mayweather vs Pacquiao match up , in fact both bosses were far from being in a combative mood in their pre match interviews . Jose was nigh on glowing about Arsenal 's ` creative team -LRB- with -RRB- amazing , fantastic solutions . ' While Arsene said one of the important motivators for his team was ` to share positive emotions with our fans . ' It sounded like someone had just broken out the joss sticks in the tunnel . Perhaps a little more in-your-face were the pundits in the booth . Here Thierry ` as an Arsenal man ' Henry found himself getting mildly bad cop/bad copped by Jamie Carragher and Graeme Souness over the former Gunners striker 's contention that ` it was kind of weird to see -LRB- Cesc Fabregas -RRB- in a blue shirt ' and that ` if I was the boss I would tried to buy him back . ' But this really was just everyone jostling for position at the starting gun . The race was yet to be run . In the first half of the encounter , it was the penalty shouts that saw the director scrambling , to switch to Gaffercam . The first image was a beauty , capturing both men together on the touchline after Oscar and Ospina had collided . Oscar and David Ospina collided with the Chelsea man taken to hospital for a suspected concussion . In the foreground , Mourinho dispensed with the pre-game purple prose and was using an entirely different vocabulary to berate the fourth official . While in the distance , Wenger looked on with the benign countenance of a man who perhaps thought he 'd got away with one ? Each was then given their own live hero shot . Jose was simply stoney-faced for his , by the time the camera had found him after the Fabregas yellow for an adjudged dive . But Arsene 's solo was much more dramatic . A handball shout against Cahill rejected , the Arsenal boss had by now donned one of his famous zip up coats and was captured in glorious slo-mo . His arms raised in the natural position for a man exclaiming ` how was n't that a handball ? ' Back in the studio at half time , Thierry looked just as surprised as his old boss had , as he exclaimed ` Two ? Wow ! ' when Jamie Carragher said he thought Chelsea had a pair of good shouts from twelve yards . However , not for the first or last time he revealed his true colours when he admitted he thought there had indeed been one for the west London team . ` I was showing my Arsenal side earlier ' , Henry confessed . In his case , proverbially holding his hands up in the box . Jamie Carragher , Thierry Henry and Graeme Souness chew the fat after the final whistle . Into the second half , and on co-commentary Alan Smith made the point very early that Arsenal would be happy ` in their quest to finish second ' . And it became pretty clear pretty quickly that there were in fact two teams out there who 'd take one point each . All of which meant the spotlights reserved for any Arsene and Jose fireworks were left dimmed throughout . We did n't even get any awkward gaffer-on-gaffer action at the final whistle . Instead , just the sight of Mourinho disappearing down the tunnel with the draw tucked away inside his voluminous coat . And John Terry securing the right to be last image in the show with his enthusiastic shadow-boxing celebration . Indeed , by the time Sky had tracked down both managers back in the tunnel , it had reverted to the pre-game chill out zone they had created before kick off . Reporter Patrick Davidson 's attempt to get the Chelsea manager to bite only proved that Jose just was n't that hungry . ` I have no comment ' , he continued to reply , his face impassive throughout . Instead , we got a maths lecture on the points position at the top of the table . And a description of John Terry 's performance as ` from the moon . ' Mourinho patrols the touchline as the Chelsea boss saw his side take another step toward the title . Someone had clearly relit those joss sticks , because Arsene too failed to take the bait when his head to head to Jose was broached . ` It 's not about me , it 's about my team and my club ' , he smiled , before deftly acknowledging an excellent Chelsea side without also paying dues to his opposite number . So in the end , both men effectively breasted the tape together -LRB- although they were n't exactly holding hands in the process -RRB- , finishing equal first in this particular one . Something Sky Sports spotted early on was the deal , and very wisely chose not to try too hard to shoehorn in melodrama where none existed . And why should they ? After all , everyone will be back next year for more of the same . So what 's the rush ?