A man who launched an online campaign to help him destroy his brand new $ 49,000 Jeep will read out a ` not sorry ' apology to the company on national television tonight . In June last year , Ashton Wood raised $ 18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after Jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle which he claimed had suffered 21 separate mechanical problems . During a failed settlement between the manufacturer , Fiat Chrysler Automobiles ' Jeep , and Mr Wood , one of the requests made by the car company was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an ` apology ' in a national publication . However , because no one would publish the apology , he will instead read it out on the ABC 's ` The Checkout ' tonight . Scroll down for video . Ashton Wood issued this apology to Jeep after the car company requested he apologise for criticising them . The Queenslander launched a public campaign last year asking others to help him destroy his car in protest . Compiled by Mr Wood and the ABC 's The Checkout , the apology reads : ` My personal apology to Jeep : I 'm Sorry . ` Dear Jeep , I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry my Jeep broke down before it even left the dealership . ` I 'm sorry it had 21 problems . I 'm sorry it had to be towed four times . I 'm sorry I was n't more grateful for your offer of a new battery . ` I 'm sorry you would n't offer me a replacement or refund . But most of all , I 'm sorry I bought a Jeep . ' Mr Wood launched a Kickstarter campaign last year in an effort to raise $ 22,500 - the amount Chrysler offered him to buyback the car - and allow donors the chance to be involved in the car 's destruction . He is now campaigning for the United State 's Lemon laws to be introduced in Australia . Pictured : ` lemon car ' drivers protest against vehicle companies who refuse to refund or replace their cars . Mr Wood 's extreme measures came after years of frustration with his ` cursed ' Jeep Cherokee , which in the four years since he bought it in 2010 , had numerous problems . The extreme measures came after years of frustration with his ` cursed ' Jeep Cherokee , which in the four years since he bought it in 2010 , had numerous problems including the fuel line falling off , coolant leaks , the rear strut leaking oil , ongoing ignition failure , and the turbo inlet manifold cracking . He claims years of campaigning the car manufacturer to refund or replace his car , which he bought from a Sunshine Coast dealer in Queensland had proved fruitless . Despite successfully destroying his vehicle , Mr Wood - who could not afford to challenge the international car company in court - has refused to back down . Along with a number of consumer led organsiations Mr Wood is campaigning for the United States ' Lemon Laws to be introduced in Australia . These included the fuel line falling off , coolant leaks , the rear strut leaking oil , ongoing ignition failure , and the turbo inlet manifold cracking . He said that Lemon Laws state ` that if there 's three major issues with car or a number of minor issues or one safety issues then it needs to be replaced or refunded with no questions asked ' ` Lemon is the old term which was used to mean a really bad car . In the U.S. they have had the Lemon Law 's in place for about 35 years , we do n't have it , ' Mr Wood told Daily Mail Australia . ` They differ from state to state but in Kansas , where they have the most strict version , is states that if there 's three major issues with car or a number of minor issues or one safety issues then it needs to be replaced or refunded with no questions asked . ` It 's a lot clearer than Australian consumer laws which just says that the product should be fit for purpose and the dealer should do the right thing . ` I 'm not done yet . I want to keep the pressure up until the government sits up and takes some responsibility and reviews this law . ' Consumer laws have somewhat improved since Mr Wood 's story came to the public 's attention , by including a notion of ` major failure ' . However , they still remain unclear about a car owner 's rights when their vehicle has a number of smaller problems like Mr Wood 's . After Mr Wood 's car was destroyed , a fire was lit to bring the rubble to nothing but scrap metal . Along with Lemon Laws for Australia and Lemon Vehicles in Australia , Mr Wood has launched several petitions and staged a number of events campaigning for more specific laws that address the holes in the legislation . They have sent out Lemon Law stickers to hundreds of Australians with ` lemon cars ' in order to ` put pressure on the government and show that the movement is gaining momentum ' . A spokesperson for Jeep told Daily Mail Australia ` we never comment on individual cases except to say we have and always will treat Mr Wood in a fair and professional manner ' . Mr Woods car was destroyed over four hours with the help of 300 people who wielded bats and sledgehammers and shot bow and arrows at it at a demolition derby last year . More than 300 people turned out to either witness the public smashing or to take part in it . A spokesperson for Jeep told Daily Mail Australia ` we never comment on individual cases except to say we have and always will treat Mr Wood in a fair and professional manner ' ` The car was spinning in the air with the auger through the top of the roof , ' Mr Wood said . ` The whole car lifted two , maybe three foot off the ground before we crushed it and lit on fire . ' He said the ` Pièce de résistance ' was putting a flame to it and watching it burn before burying the scrap heap and laying flowers at the head of its makeshift burial plot . ` The serious side to it is that I should n't have had to destroy a $ 50,000 car , ' he said . ` If the law was there today and if Chrysler group respected and looked after its customers then it would n't have had to happen . ' Chrysler offered Mr Wood a settlement of $ 22,500 for the car , for which he originally paid $ 49,000 . Despite knowing he could make $ 28,000 by selling it himself , he said felt uncomfortable with the option . Mr Wood 's apology can be seen in full on Thursday night at 8 pm on ABC 's The Checkout . Mr Wood 's apology can be seen in full on Thursday night at 8 pm on ABC 's The Checkout .