Rehomed : Nellist 's young spaniel cross called Coco . A drunken restaurant owner has been banned from keeping animals after he was caught on CCTV punching , kicking and throwing his dog across the room . David Nellist , 38 , of Keswick , Cumbria was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco ` screaming ' . Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison , suspended for 18 months , banned from keeping animals for five years , ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £ 1,580 at Workington Magistrates Court in Cumbria last week . The court was told the incident took place early on Monday January 19 at the tapas bar Nellist co-owned at the time of the incident in Keswick . RSPCA inspector Martyn Fletcher said : ` A neighbour was awakened in the middle of the night by a noise that she described as `` an animal in extreme pain or distress '' . ' Scroll down for video . Sentenced : David Nellist , 38 , has been banned from keeping animals for five years by magistrates in Cumbria . Caught on camera : Nellist was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco ` screaming ' The woman said it sounded like a scream , as if the dog was being tortured . ` She told us the sound continued intermittently , causing her to be so concerned that she actually got up , left her home and followed the noise to the restaurant , ' Mr Fletcher said . ` This was 3.30 am . ' CCTV footage from several cameras inside the restaurant showed Nellist beating the dog . Mr Fletcher said : ` There is no audio recorded on it , but it 's horrible to watch . ` He 's seen pursuing her relentlessly as she moves from room to room , clearly frightened and trying to get away from him . ` He repeatedly punches her , kicks her and on two occasions picks her up by the throat and throws her across the room onto the ground . ` It 's not difficult to imagine what might have happened had it not been for the actions of the neighbour . ' Police were called to the restaurant but left after finding no obvious injuries to the animal . The RSPCA was called and after viewing the footage , Coco was seized by police on veterinary advice and placed in RSPCA care . Video contains footage some viewers may find upsetting . CCTV footage from several cameras inside the restaurant showed David Nellist , co-owner at the time , beating Coco the dog . The drunken restaurant boss caught on CCTV punching , kicking and throwing his dog across the room . On examination , the vet found no injuries but prescribed anti-inflammatory drugs based on what she had seen on the footage . In mitigation , the court heard that Nellist was drunk at the time and was appalled by his actions . Coco has since been rehomed . ` I 've seen her since and she 's like a different dog , ' Mr Fletcher added . ` She 's got a fantastic owner who has another dog too , and they 've become great friends . ` She 's a really cheeky girl . ' Nellist admitted causing unnecessary suffering to his pet by subjecting her to unnecessary physical violence .