The Russian space agency , Roscosmos , is attempting to regain control of a spaceship that is spinning out of control in orbit . Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT -LRB- 07:09 GMT -RRB- from Kazakhstan . It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off , but that plan has now been ` indefinitely abandoned ' . Scroll down for video . Nasa 's reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a ` rather significant rate ' ` Almost immediately after spacecraft separation , a series of telemetry problems were detected with the Progress 59 , ' Navias said during a televised broadcast from Nasa 's Mission Control . Orbital parameters were due to be sent from a Russian Ground Site , allowing for a eight ` rendevous burns ' to be performed over the next five hours of flight . But , once Progress had arrived on orbit , only confirmation of its solar array deployment and some of the navigational antennas were made . Meanwhile , Nasa 's Mission Control reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a ` rather significant rate . ' Roscosmos ' problems began shortly after a Russian Soyuz 2-1A rocket launched the Progress resupply vehicle . Orbital data was due to be sent from a Russian Ground Site , allowing for a eight ` rendezvous burns ' to be performed over the next five hours of flight . But , once Progress had arrived on orbit , only confirmation of its solar array deployment and some of the navigational antennas were made . Meanwhile , Nasa 's Mission Control reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a ` rather significant rate . ' The dizzying footage , which was taken from the Progress 59 spacecraft , shows the Earth and sun moving in and out of the frame . ` Almost immediately after spacecraft separation , a series of telemetry problems were detected with the Progress 59 , ' Navias said during a televised broadcast from Nasa 's Mission Control . ` No confirmation of navigational antenna deploy or of the pressurisation of the manifold system for the propulsion system on the spacecraft was received . ' Russian spacecraft , including those used to send astronauts to the ISS , recently have acquired the capability to take a more direct six-hour route to the orbiting outpost . But they still have the option of the longer , traditional route lasting two days . ` The crew on board the International Space Station has pressed ahead with maintenance work today as well as biomedical experiment activities , ' said Navias . Roscosmos ' problems began shortly after a Russian Soyuz 2-1A rocket launched the latest Progress resupply vehicle to the ISS . ` Almost immediately after spacecraft separation , a series of telemetry problems were detected with the Progress 59 , ' Navias said during a televised broadcast from Nasa 's Mission Control . Roscosmos will try to make contact with the spacecraft tonight as it makes another series of passes over Russian ground stations . Docking with the ISS has been abandoned . It was unclear how long Progress could keep orbiting the Earth while Russian flight controllers tried to stabilise the craft and restore the system that allows them to send and receive data . Roscosmos will try to make contact with the spacecraft tonight as it makes another series of passes over Russian ground stations . Because of the loss of connection , the flight controllers were unable to confirm the deployment of the navigational antennas needed for docking , a duty officer at Russia 's Mission Control said . Progress is carrying about 2.5 tons of cargo , including fuel , equipment , oxygen and food , to the space station , which currently has a six-person crew from Russia , the United States and Italy . The dizzying footage -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which was taken from the Progress 59 spacecraft , shows the Earth and sun moving in and out of the frame . The spacecraft was scheduled to dock with the International Space Station six hours after take off , but that plan has now been ` indefinitely abandoned ' . Pictured a cargo ship in the same family , Progress M-59 , as seen from the International Space Station -LRB- right -RRB- during docking . Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 a.m. EDT -LRB- 07:09 GMT -RRB- from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan . ` Both the Russian and USOS segments of the station continue to operate normally and are adequately supplied well beyond the next planned resupply flight , Nasa said in a statement . The cargo ship also is delivering a copy of the Banner of Victory , the banner raised over the Reichstag in Berlin by victorious Soviet soldiers in 1945 . Russia is planning extensive celebrations of the 70th anniversary of the victory over Nazi Germany in World War II . Nasa is now having to rely on a single cargo shipper , SpaceX . Its other supplier , Orbital Sciences , is still grounded following a launch explosion last October at Virginia . The potential loss of an entire load of supplies on Progress is a serious blow to the International Space Station . The cargo ship launched this morning on a Soyuz 2-1A rocket -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Progress is carrying about 2.5 tons of cargo , including fuel , equipment , oxygen and food , to the space station , which currently has a six-person crew from Russia , the United States and Italy .