A New York woman who appealed to her Facebook friends last week asking to pray for the safe return of her fiance who went missing 11 days ago after his kayak capsized has now been charged with his murder . The Orange County district attorney 's office said Thursday that 35-year-old Angelika Graswald , of Poughkeepsie , is charged with second-degree murder in the death of 46-year-old Vincent Viafore . Troopers have said Viafore , also of Poughkeepsie , was kayaking with Graswald on the Hudson River April 19 when his vessel flipped over near the town of Cornwall-On-Hudson . Scroll down for video . Merry widow : Angelika Graswald -LRB- left -RRB- , 35 , has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her missing fiance Vincent Viafore -LRB- right -RRB- . Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak . She was later picked up by a boater . Police have yet to find Viafore 's body . According to a criminal complaint unveiled Thursday afternoon , prosecutors allege that Graswald intentionally caused Viafore 's death . The complaint states that rough waters combined with strong winds caused Viafore 's kayak to overturn . The man was not wearing a life jacket at the time and was unable to turn the capsized boat right-side up . Authorities did not specify what led them to conclude that Graswald was responsible for her fiance 's death , only saying that she had made statements implicating herself in the crime . She was arraigned Thursday and ordered held without bail at the Orange County Jail with no bail . She is due back in court May 5 . In the days leading up to her arrest , Graswald had been active on her Facebook page , sharing cellphone videos of her cat and uploading a dozen romantic photos of her and Viafore from their time together . As recently as Tuesday , she shared a picture of the happy couple at a lakeside cabin , accompanied by the caption : ` I miss you , my love ... ' Lingering questions : According to a criminal complaint , prosecutors allege that Graswald intentionally caused Viafore 's death - but they would n't say how she did it . ` Clever ruse ' : She managed to make it out of the water and call 911 . Last Monday , she asked friends on Facebook to keep praying for her partner and hoped for a miracle . The couple , who had been together for many years , were kayaking on the Hudson River between Plum Point and Bannerman 's Island at around 7.30 pm April 19 when Viafore 's vessel overturned , sending him into the frigid water . Initially , police believed that Graswald tried to help her fiance and fell into the water . She was eventually scooped up by a passing boat and called 911 after reaching land to report Viafore missing . The 35-year-old was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia but her fiance has not been found . Viafore 's friend Wes Gottlock said he saw them out on the water , but did not discover there was a search underway until later on that evening . A friend in need : Initially , police believed that Graswald tried to help her fiance and fell into the water . Doomed : Viafore was not wearing a life jacket . He was unable to get back into the kayak . Keeping up appearance : In the days leading up to her arrest , Graswald had been active on her Facebook page , sharing cellphone videos of her cat and uploading a dozen romantic photos of her and Viafore . He added that the couple had been together for a long time and have a ` wonderful relationship ' . He said the water at this time of the year is ` precarious ' as the water is still cold . Last Monday , she asked friends for their prayers as the search continued . She wrote on Facebook : ` I just want to thank everyone for reaching out . Please , keep your prayers for Vince . ` Miracles ARE possible . The authorities are doing everything they can . ` We do not need anyone else getting hurt , as it is very dangerous out there , especially without daylight . Please , no questions at this point , we 're doing everything we can . We will find him . '