This is the moment Jeremy Clarkson talked himself out of a ticket after leaving his bright green Lamborghini parked on yellow lines . Despite his recent woes , he was seen laughing with a traffic warden in London , who had tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar . The warden recognized the former Top Gear host immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes . And the conversation must have been a good one - as the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on the eye-catching Lamborghini . Scroll down for video . Jeremy Clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket in London today after leaving his green Lamborghini parked on yellow lines . After spending 15 minutes inspecting a black Ferrari , Clarkson drove off in his eye-catching supercar . Clarkson was also spotted at Stamford Bridge , cheering on Chelsea as they drew 0-0 with Arsenal . Clarkson had met up with two people who were showing him black Ferrari Pininfarina 275 . He was inspecting the car as if he may have had an interest in buying it . After spending around 15 minutes looking at the car , he drove off in his Lamborghini , which has Italian number plates . Clarkson , 55 , was sensationally sacked from Top Gear by the BBC last month after a ` fracas ' involving a producer during filming . This week Richard Hammond , 45 , joined James May in confirming he will not return to Top Gear following Clarkson 's sacking , insisting on Friday he had no plan to ` quit my mates . ' Today , Hammond told reporters at a charity bike rally that the future will be ` exciting ' but refused to speculate further on the future of Top Gear . The former Top Gear presenter stopped for a chat with tennis coach Boris Becker after the full-time whistle . Clarkson did not seem to entertained by the match between the two London sides , which was a bore draw . Jeremy Clarkson -LRB- left -RRB- is seen with his Top Gear colleagues James May -LRB- centre -RRB- and Richard Hammond -LRB- right -RRB- outside his west London flat this week , in their first public appearance since he was sacked . He said : ` Everybody knows what 's happened . That 's all been in the news . The future , nobody knows yet do they ? ` And I can not and wo n't speculate further than that . So do n't know , let 's see . It 'll be exciting whatever . ' Hammond 's resignation marked another blow for the popular show , which has been marred by uncertainty since Clarkson was axed . There is mounting speculation the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix , Amazon or another British broadcaster . Producer Olsin Tymon had his lip split by Clarkson in the March 4 assault and took himself to hospital with his injuries . The incident led to the BBC deciding not to renew Clarkson 's contract after the current Top Gear series of Top Gear finishes . Police investigated the attack but Tymon told them he did not want to press charges and officers announced earlier this month they would ` not be pursuing the matter any further . ' And Clarkson recently admitted had suffered a cancer scare around the time of the incident .