Sunderland are under pressure to suspend England star Adam Johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . Johnson , 27 , has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20 -- the same day Sunderland travel to Arsenal -- where it is expected the case will be sent to the Crown Court . If found guilty , Johnson faces a lengthy prison term . Sunderland chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnson 's future , knowing that if they suspend their top scorer he would miss the club 's remaining six games . They are just a point above the Barclays Premier League drop zone and travel to Stoke tomorrow . Adam Johnson leaves Peterlee police station after being charged with three offences of sexual activity . Johnson leaves the Peterlee police station after learning of the charges against him . The 27-year-old looks on during Sunderland 's 1-0 Premier League win against Newcastle earlier this month . Johnson was suspended by the club after his arrest on March 2 but that was lifted when his bail was extended by five weeks a fortnight later . He returned to training under new boss Dick Advocaat and has featured as a substitute in Sunderland 's last three matches , including the 1-0 derby win over Newcastle . The suspension could now be reimposed . Johnson is accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child , contrary to Section 9 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 . The offences are alleged to have taken place between December 30 last year and February 26 . Johnson has also been charged with meeting a child following sexual grooming under Section 15 of the same Act . Gerry Wareham , CPS chief Crown prosecutor for the North East , said : ` Following an investigation by Durham Police , I have today authorised police to charge Adam Johnson , aged 27 , with four offences under the Sexual Offences Act 2003 . Johnson will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20 . The England international -LRB- right -RRB- was wearing a black tracksuit as he attended the hearing in County Durham . Johnson was accompanied by his lawyer as the Sunderland winger arrived at the police station on Thursday . ` The offences are alleged to have been committed on one girl aged 15 at the time . We have reviewed the available evidence in accordance with the Code for Crown Prosecutors and concluded that there is a realistic prospect of conviction and it is in the public interest to charge Adam Johnson . ` Durham Police have charged the defendant accordingly and he is due to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20 . It is important that there should be no reporting , commentary or sharing of information online which could prejudice these proceedings . The complainant in this case is entitled to lifelong anonymity under the law . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .