Mothers and babies have been banned from special screenings at an independent cinema after staff became fed up with clearing away dirty nappies and oversized prams . The manager of The Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted , Hertfordshire , cancelled the regular Tuesday baby matinees due to a combination of ` whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law ' . James Hannaway , who restored and reopened the traditional cinema in 2004 , announced the decision on the company 's website . Scroll down for video . Ban : James Hannaway , manager of Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted , has banned babies from special screenings . He explained that the special screenings , which were introduced in 2007 after complaints over babies being allowed to all matinees , were to allow parents to enjoy adult films with their children . Mr Hannaway said he was fed up with the whingeing from those attending the screenings without babies , even though they declared they ` might contain babies ' . ` Rex staff have enjoyed collecting still-warm nappies from under tables , and who put up with difficult first time mothers with armoured tanks -LRB- prams -RRB- and a not always helpful attitude as they spread everything from the tank everywhere , ' he said . And Mr Hannaway also claimed that the cinema has been forced to reconsider over the ratings on the Tuesday films . He said : ` Those who threatened us with the authorities if little-faces turn up in prams for a 15 certificate . Clearly babies of 0 to six months are under 15 . ` Thank you for such moral vigilance . There 's only so much whingeing , bitching and snitching from all sides one can take . Eight years of it is enough . ' Screenings : He says he has cancelled the baby matinees -LRB- stock image -RRB- due to ` whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law ' The issue had been picked up by members of the public , including Teresa Boad , who wrote on social media that she had ` complained about this a few years ago ' . Some have been left disappointed by the ban , blaming other parents . Gillian Walters said : ` Shame how some spoil it for others leaving dirty nappies under tables is disgusting . ' Clare Ball posted on the cinema 's Facebook page : ` Very , very , very sad to see Tuesday matinee times have changed to 2 pm , see you in a few years when I no longer have school runs in the afternoon . ' The 1930s original Art Deco cinema has one screen in its proscenium and was described by Visit the Chilterns tourist site as ` possibly Britain 's most beautiful cinema ' . It opened on May 9 , 1938 , with Heidi starring Shirley Temple and in the early 1970s the balcony was boxed off to create two screens in the upper circle . The proscenium was soon closed and turned into a bingo hall while films still played in the smaller upstairs screen . On February 28 , 1988 , the cinema was closed and it would be 30 years before a film would be projected onto the screen . Beautiful : The 1930s original Art Deco cinema has one screen in its proscenium and was described by Visit the Chilterns tourist site as ` possibly Britain 's most beautiful cinema ' After its revival in 2004 , complete with large , comfy seats and a full wine and snack menu , it has received great plaudits and opens with new titles most days and nights . The cinema claims to follow a simple formula involving ` civilised and enticing surroundings ' with a ` warm atmosphere ' . They also boast of cheap tickets and do n't sell popcorn or hotdogs . Downstairs , in the stalls , are big red , swivel chairs at small , round , candlelit tables , with white tablecloths to the floor . Guest speakers over the years have included Martin Freeman , Imelda Saunton and Judy Dench among dozens of other familiar faces . From April babies are banned for , among other things , being under age . Not an easy decision . Here 's why : Matinees included babies from the outset in 2005 . The experiment proved difficult , too many complaints . so late in 2007 we had to restrict babies to Tuesdays only . It was included in the programme for young mums & dads to enjoy their first six months of bewilderment with a popular grown-up film at the Rex . Here , for a few short hours , they could be reminded that the world they had left was still here . It became , a meeting place , an escape into the latest films everybody -LRB- else -RRB- was talking about . Now , due to a combination of whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law , it is over . Whingeing : some without babies , upstairs would rarely miss the chance to complain , even though Tuesdays matinees declare ` might contain babies ' and DO , DOES , DID ! Bitching : as above but with the added missionary misery of Rex staff , who have enjoyed collecting still-warm nappies from under tables , and who put up with difficult first time mothers with armoured tanks -LRB- prams -RRB- and a not always helpful attitude as they spread everything from the tank , everywhere . Snitching : Those who threatened us with the Authorities if little-faces turn up in prams for a 15 certificate . Clearly babies 0to6 months are under 15 . Thank you for such moral vigilance . There 's only so much whingeing bitching and snitching from all sides , one can take . Eight years of it is enough . Finally , the Law , with little to resemble intelligence , decrees : only 12A , PG , U Certs with little or no adult bite , can be screened when babies are present . Sorry babies and parents your time is up . However , Saturday kids matinees are always under Certificate 15 . So providing you can resist all of the headings above , take your warm nappies etc home , and leave the tanks outside , you 're welcome . All matinees will start at 2 pm .