Xiao Zhengti , five , was born with a congenital liver disease meaning he needed his first transplant at just nine months old . A boy in China born with a malfunctioning liver is now looking forward to living a normal life after both of his parents donated part of their organs to save him . Xiao Zhengti , now five , was born with a liver condition meaning he had to have his first major surgery at just nine months old , when mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver , The People 's Daily Online reports . But the boy 's body rejected the organ , leading to years of trips to hospital , until father Xiao Kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday , leading to a full recovery . The touching story began in 2009 shortly after Xiao was born to parents from southern China 's Hunan province with jaundice , which is common in babies , but doctors became concerned after it did not dissipate within a few weeks . Soon his parents noticed that he had a strange looking bulge in his stomach , and after visits to specialist Guangdong and Shanghai he was diagnosed with congenital biliary atresia . The rare condition occurs where the bile ducts around the liver swell during or immediately after birth , which can cause the tissue around them to scar . While the exact cause of bilairy artesia is unknown , it is usually fatal if left untreated , and in severe cases , such as Xiao 's , it may require a transplant . The initial operation took place just nine months after he was born , but complications followed and his body rejected his mother 's liver . Mother Yang Haiying -LRB- right -RRB- first donated a portion of her liver to try and save her son after being found to be a match , but his body rejected it , leading to to repeated trips to hospital for the next four years . Father Xiao Kunqing -LRB- left -RRB- was also found to be a match for the boy , but surgeons warned against a second operation , saying it carried far greater risks . However doctors eventually relented , and yesterday Mr Kunqing had 40 per cent of his liver removed and transplanted into his son . A year after the first transplant Xiao suffered 200 days of high fever , and spent the next four years moving in and out of hospital . But yesterday at the hospital in Tianjin City , eastern China , surgeons agreed to try a second operation after father Xiao Kunqing offered to donate 40 per cent of his liver . Dr Dong Chong , head of the transplant unit in Tianjin , warned the second operation would be more difficult than the first , and would carry greater risks , but the parents were determined to go ahead . The operation began at 8 am on Thursday April 16th , with Mr Kunqing moved to the recovery room at around 4 pm after having his liver removed . By 7.30 pm Xiao Zhengti 's operation was successfully completed , and he was also moved to recovery . The operation is believed to be the first ever in China where two parents have donated the same organ in order to save their child . Surgeons now say that the operation , which took five hours to complete , was a complete success and they expect Xiao to be home within weeks when he can begin living a normal life . Medics say the operation is believe to be the first in China where two parents have donated the same organ in order to save their child . Dr Dong Chong , head of the transplant unit in Tianjin City , where the operation took place , said he expects Xiao to be home in three weeks and to lead a full and active life . Dr Dong told reporters ` The operation was extremely successful and went according to plan . ` We used microscopes for the intricate operation which normally would have taken just 2 hours but this one took 5 . However it was very successful . ' He added that he expects Xiao Zhengti to make a full recovery and leave hospital in around 3 weeks to enjoy a happy and active life .