Young father : Michael Owen was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday when he was killed along with his friend Kyle Careford in East Sussex . Tributes have been paid to two young friends who tragically died after their car crashed into a church wall . The men , named locally as Michael Owen and Kyle Careford , were killed in the road accident in Crowborough , East Sussex in the early hours of Sunday morning . Mr Owen , 21 , had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday when he was killed . His grieving family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still ca n't accept he 's gone . Describing Mr Owen 's relationship with his daughter Lily-Rose Iris , his father Stephen , 50 , said : ` He was only 16 when he had her but he was responsible and loved her to bits . ` He was with her any second he could be . He was always so safe . Did something fail on the car or did they hit the curb ? ' Mr Owen 's stepmother Sylvia added : ` Everybody loved him . He had so many friends and everyone 's absolutely devastated . ` He was a lovely person and he was a brilliant father . ` Until we see him we ca n't accept it . We keep getting up in the night and looking for his car down the road . ' Kyle Careford , the other man in the car , is thought to have died just days before turning 21 . It is believed that one of the men lost control of the Renault Clio they were travelling in as it came round a bend , smashing into a church 's stone wall before finishing on its roof . Skid marks lead up to an approximately ten metre long gap in a sandstone wall that was destroyed in the crash . Flowers and tributes have been left at the scene by family and friends . One heartbreaking card to Mr Owen reads : ` To daddy , I love you so much . I 'm gon na miss you every day . Love u daddy . Lily and Josh . ' Mr Owen was still at school when he fathered Lily-Rose with his former partner Lauren Molloy . A card signed by Lauren , believed to be Lily-Rose 's mother Ms Molloy , read : ` I ca n't describe how heartbroken I am . I love you so much and so does our beautiful princess . ` You was an amazing dad and was always there for me . I 'm so sorry I did n't let us be a family again . Tragic : Flowers and tributes have been left at the scene of the accident , which happened in front of a church . Crash scene : The wall hit by the car is almost completely demolished and there are skid marks on the road . ` If only I could turn back time I would take you back straight away . I will do everything for our daughter I promise and I will tell her how amazing you are . ' The 21-year-old worked in book printing but on Friday he was told he had landed a new job in window screen repair at the same firm as his stepbrother Karl Rabbitt , 36 . The brother of Mr Careford led tributes to the pair . In a card left at the scene , brother Ben wrote : ` I ca n't explain how I am feeling . When you left us this morning to be in God 's arms you took a piece of me away . ` I 'm not quite sure how to tell your niece Grace that her uncle Kyle is now in heaven . I 'm sure he will treasure her Frozen onesie even more now . ' Tributes have also been paid to the men on Facebook , with friend , Tyler Scales , writing : ` My deepest sympathy and thoughts go out to all those who have loved and lost . ` Be safe , and think about how lucky you really are . Life can be taken so quick it 's unbelievable and very unfair . Big love to all those affected by the loss of life . ' Another friend , Sheri Pitman added : ` RIP Kyle . You were such a good kid and never deserved that . ' Both men were from Tunbridge Wells , Kent , not far from the crash scene . Moving : One of the many notes left by grieving friends and family at the scene of the crash . After hearing a loud bang , local residents quickly called the emergency services , but the men , who had suffered horrific injuries , are thought to have died instantly . Firefighters had to cut their bodies out of the mangled wreckage . There were no other cars involved in the crash . A spokesman for Sussex Police said : ` At about 12.40 am on 12 April a collision occurred in Rotherfield Road , Crowborough . A Renault Clio collided with the wall of the church and overturned . ` There were two male occupants on the car and sadly both were declared deceased at the scene . ` Police are carrying out an investigation into the cause of the collision and to identify the two men in the car . ` Police are appealing for witnesses and anyone with information should contact 101 quoting Operation Lapwing . ' It is believed both men will be formally identified tomorrow morning . A spokesman for East Sussex Fire and Rescue Service added : ` We attended the scene and the car was on its roof . There were two young males trapped inside who were declared dead at the scene . ` We had to use cutting gear to get them out but they were already dead . '