A 25-year-old man has been charged with murdering his five-month-old daughter . Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in Birmingham in the early hours of Wednesday morning . His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children 's Hospital with breathing difficulties . The infant , who is believed to be a twin , died later that day after suffering ` several injuries ' , police said . Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in Birmingham in the early hours of Wednesday morning . Above , Driukas with a baby who is not his dead daughter . The 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte , pictured above , has been released on bail pending further enquiries . Detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday . The couple had a young girl and twin babies , neighbours said . The 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte , was today released on bail pending further enquiries . Driukas , an electrician , was charged with murder . Neighbours described the couple as ` friendly ' and said they ` kept to themselves ' . One neighbour , who did not want to be named , said : ` A young couple live at that house , they 've got a little girl and twin babies that were born about five-months-ago . ` I think the couple were in their early 20s and moved in four to five years ago . ` I saw an ambulance at about 1 am on Wednesday morning . A paramedic rushed in to that house and then rushed out again with a bundle in his arms so I assumed it was one of the babies . Detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday . Right , the home in Birmingham . ` I know the babies had breathing problems , since they were born prematurely around last November . ` I 'm not sure how long the ambulances were there because I went to bed . ` I 've seen the mum going to the hospital with the twins in the past , and I think their little girl was about three . ` I would see the family playing in the garden . They were a friendly couple and they had lots of barbecues in the summer . ` I spoke to the mum one time and she said the twin babies were coming out of hospital the next week , but that was a while ago now . The dad worked on cars in the front garden . Neighbours described the couple as ` friendly ' and said they ` kept to themselves ' . Above , their home . ` The police have been round asking if we 've seen anything but we did n't have any information to help them . ' Another neighbour , Mohammad Naeem , 37 , who has lived on the road with his family for seven years , said : ` The couple next door had a little girl and baby twins . ` There has been a police car outside since Wednesday morning . But we did n't see anything or know there was any problems there . I think they are Eastern European . ' Another neighbour , who lives opposite and did n't want to be named , said : ` We did n't hear anything on Tuesday night or early Wednesday morning . ` We just saw some paramedics in a small van and then two ambulances arrived , they were all there at about 2 am . ` We do n't know the couple 's names , they kept themselves to themselves . ' Driukas will appear before Birmingham Magistrates Court tomorrow . A spokesman for West Midlands Police said the child had suffered ` several injuries ' and that ` further tests ' are being carried out to establish how she died . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .