The number of Chinese tourists eager to travel the world has risen dramatically over the last few years , and Beijing International Airport is launching the world 's biggest terminal to cope with the substantial increase . Opening in 2018 , the gigantic Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres , and is set to handle 45million passengers a year . Renown British-Iraqi architect , Zaha Hadid , has collaborated with airport developers ADPI to create a six-tier concept which aims to decrease customer walking distances , and increase connectivity . Scroll down for video . Terminal 1 at Beijing International Airport is set to the largest in the world , in order to cope with the surge in tourist numbers . Aiming to be the perfect welcome to Beijing , the designs focus on creating a feeling of space and openness , which is reflected in the flowing lines of the roof , and the lack of pillars inside . All the passenger pathways will convene in a central multi-layered courtyard , which will be a meeting place for passengers who have travelled from around the globe . Zaha Hadid 's website states that the structure of Terminal 1 will guide users seamlessly and harmoniously through the building by public spaces that flow into each other , reflecting the harmony and balance between Chinese landscape and culture . It is hoped to combine the rich Chinese culture , with its impressive future on the worldwide stage . The huge terminal will focus on wide open spaces , made possible by the lack of pillars and flowing roof design . The international airport , which also goes by the name of Daxing Airport , is the second busiest in the world , after Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport which saw 96 million passengers pass through it last year . London Heathrow was the third busiest in the world with over 73 million passengers . The new terminal reflects research by the Bank of America Merrill Lynch which found that there were 109 million Chinese tourists in 2014 , who spent $ 164 billion . These figures are a dramatic increase from the 10 million outbound tourists in 2000 . Opening in 2018 , the gigantic Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres , and is set to handle 45 million passengers a year .