The number of female genital cosmetic operations performed on the NHS has risen five-fold in the last decade as women worry they 're not ` normal ' . Labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ` lips ' of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years , with more than 2,000 operations performed in 2010 . And the trend is reflected in Australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period . The labia are lips which protect the vagina . There are inner labia -- the labia minora - which are thinner , and the outer labia -- the labia majora , which have more tissue and fat . Labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ` lips ' of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years , with more than 2,000 operations performed on the NHS in 2010 . They naturally vary in size and shape , but some women are dissatisfied or distressed about the appearance of their labia , even when they are classified medically as perfectly normal . The surgery involves reducing the size of a woman 's labia minora to make them more symmetrical and smaller than the labia majora . This is done by cutting away the ` excess ' skin with a scalpel , or possibly a laser , and stitching up the loose edge with dissolvable stitches , until it heals . Experts at the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists at the World Congress in Brisbane , have called for more research to try and better understand women 's motivations . A study by the University of Melbourne explored the views of women aged 18 to 28 . Interviews focused on participants ' views of the ` normal ' and ` ideal ' vulval anatomy , on cosmetic surgery and the sources of information available . Calida Howarth , from the university , said : ` It is essential that doctors do not assume that women have an inherent knowledge of their genitalia and the anatomical terms used to describe it . ` This contemporary women 's health issue requires further research and interdisciplinary collaboration if we are going to ensure best practice and achieve optimal outcomes for our patients . ' A labiaplasty is a surgical procedure to reduce the size of the labia minora -- the flaps of skin either side of the vaginal opening . Most labiaplasty operations are done by private clinics as cosmetic surgery , to change the appearance of the female genitals . Occasionally , there may be a medical need for the operation -LRB- for example , because the tissue is affected by disease -RRB- , in which case it might be covered by the NHS . However , the NHS does n't routinely provide this operation . It 's natural and normal for a woman to have noticeable skin folds around the vaginal opening and , in most cases , this should n't cause any problems . Some women are dissatisfied with or distressed about the appearance of their labia , even when they look perfectly normal to the health professional examining them . A labiaplasty involves shortening or reshaping the vaginal lips , a bit like shortening a hem on a dress . It is usually performed by a gynaecologist or plastic surgeon . The unwanted tissue is cut away with a scalpel or possibly a laser , and the loose edge may be stitched up with fine , dissolvable stitches . It can be carried out using either a general anaesthetic or local anaesthetic with sedation , and the whole procedure takes about one to two hours . However there is a lack of research investigating how effective this procedure is . This means there 's no guarantee it will achieve a long-lasting desired effect , and there are short - and long-term risks to consider . Source : NHS Choices . The researchers concluded that women would benefit from better access to information showing a range of normal vulval anatomy . Another study led by the University of New South Wales examined attitudes to pubic hair removal and the relationship with physical discomfort , viewing pornography , genital self-image and the consideration of labiaplasty . The study found no link between the removal of pubic hair and requests for the cosmetic surgery . However , the study also highlighted the need for careful recognition among the healthcare profession of the possible reasons for the increase in women seeking surgery . Cathy Cui , one of the researchers , said : ` While women request labiaplasty for physical and psychological reasons , the reasons for increasing numbers of surgeries in the last decade are not clear . ' Research has exposed a lack of education regarding the management of patients requesting female genital cosmetic surgery . Tristan Harding , from the University of Melbourne , said : ` GPs would be greatly assisted by practice guidelines when faced with such requests . ` If they are able to provide adequate , accurate information to patients , this may prevent unnecessary surgery and alleviate patient anxiety . ` GPs should also consider referring women to a gynaecologist rather than a cosmetic surgeon when they wish to have surgery . ' The studies highlight a need to improve clinical guidance for healthcare professionals , the experts said . And they called for further research around the surgery and patients ' knowledge and perceptions of ` normal ' vulval anatomy . Meanwhile a consultant plastic and aesthetic surgeon told MailOnline said many of his patients seek the surgery because they suffer problems ranging from pain and tearing to extreme psychological distress . Mr Miles Berry , who works at the Weymouth Street Hospital , London , said he believes the rise in operations is down to an increase in awareness and availability of the procedure . While many people believe these women are simply seeking a ` designer vagina ' , he said most are having the procedure for functional reasons or because they have been traumatised by having labia that are misshapen or low-hanging . Some will never enter into a relationship for fear of a partner seeing their genitalia , while others can not undress in public or wear a bikini , he told MailOnline . Other women have labia that are so long that horse riding , cycling or having sex is painful . ` One woman was part of the cycling team , she had persistent swelling and chafing . It stopped her cycling , ' Mr Berry said . Meanwhile consultant plastic and aesthetic surgeon Miles Berry told MailOnline said many of his patients seek the surgery because they suffer pain and tearing and extreme psychological distress . There are also women who have torn their labia during intercourse , or while horse riding , which as well as being excruciatingly painful , causes bleeding . ` When women with this condition wear tight clothes , like jeans , they experience chafing , ' added Mr Berry . ` One lady used tampons to keep her labia inside because they were hanging down below her underwear . ` I saw another lady who was getting recurrent thrush as she had all this extra tissue down there that was moist . ' His clinic carried out 49 procedures in 2014 compared to 27 in 2013 -- an 80 per cent rise - while NHS figures show there were 2,000 labiaplasties performed in 2010 -- a five-fold rise since 2001 . Many women who come for a consultation with Mr Berry are so insecure about the way their labia looks it is impairing their life , he said . Women can be born with naturally long labia or that are shaped in a way that their owners deem unattractive , he explained . In some women , they stretch naturally over the course of a lifetime , while others experience stretching or tearing as a result of childbirth , and are embarrassed by the result . This is usually due to hormones associated with pregnancy , the stretching of the vagina during the birth or due to the loss of the pelvic floor muscles .