Shamed newsman Brian Williams 's lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times , an internal investigation has reportedly found . The total , cited in media reports about the secretive investigation , would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC 's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported . Investigative journalists at the network have been poring over Williams 's past reports and statements after he was booted from the top job in TV news , hunting down signs of dishonesty . Lies on lies : Williams , pictured above during his last Nightly News broadcast before being suspended , embellished at least 11 different reports , an internal investigation has reportedly found . Iraq shame : Williams fell from grace after veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a U.S. military chopper which was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade , but miraculously managed to land . Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing , false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq . Further scrutiny of Williams 's record turned up other questionable claims , including dodging rocket fire over Israel and seeing a body floating through the French Quarter of New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina . Even more such claims have been turned up now , according to reports by CNN and the Washington Post . Both cite a briefing given to NBCUniversal CEO Steve Burke on Thursday in New York City at which top executives were updated on the investigation . Pyramid of lies : The latest specific Williams tall tale to emerge dates to 2011 in Egypt 's Tahrir Square . Williams said he stared into the eyes of mounted regime soldiers during a violent protest - while the New York Times says he was safely on a balcony overlooking the action . Trust me , I 'm an anchor : Williams is pictured above being intereview by The Daily Show 's Jon Stewart and claiming to have up-close experience of the Arab Spring protests . CNN said 10 puffed-up claims had been found , while the Post said the figure was 11 . An earlier report in the New York Times , identified a particular incident , dating back to Williams 's coverage of the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings . NBC investigators honed in on an appearance on the Daily Show where Williams boasted that he had looked into the eyes of mounted Egyptian soldiers in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , and seen armed men beat protesters . From his conversation with host Jon Stewart , Williams implies he was in the thick of the chaotic pro-democracy movement . However , the Times said , NBC news broadcasts from the time make it clear he was in fact on a balcony overlooking the square from a safe distance . Close to the wind : Another questionable Williams claim comes from Israel 's 2006 war with Hezbollah . Williams said rockets flew ` just underneath ' a helicopter he was on -LRB- above -RRB- , when they in fact seem to have gone nowhere near it . Williams is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from his roles as anchor and managing editor of the Nightly News . He was replaced by Lester Holt , who has kept ratings relatively steady . It is unclear whether NBC will put Williams back in the top slot when the suspension ends , or look for a way to get rid of him . Williams has reportedly been banned from speaking publicly about the investigation , or defending himself against any new claims . Industry analysts have said the NBC report is likely to prove significant as the network wrangles over what to ultimately do with Williams , who had signed a multi-million-dollar contract to keep anchoring the Nightly News through 2019 . The findings could play a part in any legal discussions , it was suggested , with NBC gaining leverage over its employee by either agreeing to keep it under wraps or threatening to go public .