The last two weeks have showcased all that is best about Lewis Hamilton . He has driven supremely well , gaining the congratulations of the man he hopes to emulate as a triple world champion , Sir Jackie Stewart . But seeing the two men on the podium -- one as the winner of the Bahrain Grand Prix , the other conducting the post-race interviews -- was a reminder of what differentiates them as individuals as well as what binds them together as exceptional grand prix drivers . Hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about Sir Jackie . Lewis Hamilton is interviewed by three-time world champion Sir Jackie Stewart after the Bahrain Grand Prix . Hamilton crosses the line in Bahrain ahead of Kimi Raikkonen to claim his third win from four races this term . Lewis probably will not want to hear it , judging by how he has previously dismissed Stewart 's opinions , honestly given when sought as a pundit who speaks with all the authority of the most successful British Formula One driver in history . Hamilton said grouchily , that he was disappointed ex-drivers were not being more supportive , as if blind adoration was his birthright . Here are just a few reasons why Hamilton should listen to Sir Jackie . He drove in an era when a driver racing for five years had a two in three chance of dying . He changed that through tireless campaigning for safety measures to save not only drivers but spectators from preventable injuries . And then there is his charitable work for a children 's club in the east end of London , for mechanics fallen on hard times , and dyslexia societies . There is also his considerable contribution to British industry over more than 40 years . A perfectionist , he will quietly remove a hair of your lapel as he speaks to you . He is not without ego , but conducts himself with decorum . The 30-year-old Briton celebrates his second straight win in Bahrain to extend his lead in the championship . Hamilton finished ahead of Raikkonen -LRB- centre -RRB- and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the Gulf Kingdom . I wish Hamilton could show a little bit humility towards the past . That he could see that Formula One history did not start with Ayrton Senna . If he could start to appreciate some of the wider picture he might find himself more widely liked . He might not spray champagne into the face of a girl on the podium as he did in China last week -- hardly a hanging offence but , given that she could not respond , an inconsiderate act and an ungallant one . He might not gracelessly sulk , as he did most memorably at Monaco last year to Stewart 's stated chagrin , when he is beaten . He might not be as surly as he can be at press conferences . He might not turn up rudely late to engineering meetings . He might not shun advice freely given by greats of his sport who speak candidly and without malice . Bernie snaps up PR veteran . Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One , I can reveal . Norman Howell , a former journalist with the Sunday Times , is expected to return to the job he held a decade ago . Since then Howell 's groaning CV includes spells as publisher of the satirical paddock newspaper Red Bulletin , director of communications at the FIA and , briefly , spokesman for the European division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship . The FIA under the ultra-shy Jean Todt gave the cultured Howell little freedom to work . It remains to be seen how Ecclestone , a one-man quotes machine , will deploy Howell . F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone is pictured speaking to Nico Rosberg ahead of Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix . Rajab charged with ` false ' claims . The usual , tedious political narrative accompanied the Bahrain Grand Prix . A starring role is always given to Nabeel Rajab . He is blithely hailed in many sections of the media as a human rights campaigner . The complaint is that he has been wrongly arrested by the Bahraini authorities , who are suppressing freedom of speech . But it is worth recording that he has been charged with falsely -LRB- according to the government -RRB- accusing coalition forces in Yemen -- including Bahrain -- of promoting ethnic cleansing by targeting women , children and religious structures . He passed off these claims with photographs that were not from Yemen at all , but of dead children in Gaza and a dead baby in Syria , both from last year . I say this to show that neither side in this complex country -- not least the feted Rajab , an unlawful activist , who is trying to overthrow the government -- has a monopoly on morality .