Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie 's wine from their French vineyard has gone on sale in a British supermarket for the first time after winning rave reviews from critics . Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose and has urged those seeking a taste of the superstars ' Provence vineyard to ` get in quick ' . The £ 18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple 's Chateau Miraval estate , where they married in August last year after having purchased it for £ 41million in 2012 . Brad and Angelina 's 2014 Miraval Rose wine -LRB- pictured -RRB- right has finally reached the High street after receiving rave reviews from wine critics . The wine is produced at the couple 's Chateau Miraval estate -LRB- pictured -RRB- , where they married in August last year . Wine Spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013 , making it the only rose to be included , while Decanter magazine described it as having ` a sense of power alongside the elegance ... with a delicious mouth-watering finish ' . The wine has sold previously in the UK through specialist wine merchants but m & s is the first to offer it up on the High street . The retailer describes it as an ` intriguing pale pink rose with strawberry , white pear and floral aromas ' with summer berry , wild herb and tangy tangerine flavours balanced by a refreshing acidity . ' Helping Pitt and Jolie take over the vineyard was Marc Perrin , a famous Provence winemaker who was introduced to the Hollywood stars by friends last year . According to Perrin , his family and the famous couple came together with the business venture over a few bottles of wine when the stars invited him over to the Chateau in June 2012 . m & s drinks buyer Emma Dawson said : ` We 're excited to be launching what could well be the most famous rose in the world . ` Not only does Miraval boast A-lister owners , it 's a really lovely crisp rose , perfect for summer drinking . ' She added : ` This rose is best enjoyed lightly chilled , while young and fresh , and makes an excellent aperitif or matches with many Provencal style dishes such as fish , vegetables and salads . ' The 2014 Miraval Rose is available in selected m & s stores now . Helping Pitt and Jolie take over the vineyard -LRB- pictured -RRB- was Marc Perrin , a famous Provence winemaker . Perrin said his family and the stars came together with the business venture over a few bottles of wine .