On February 14 , 1998 , new kid on the block Michael Owen scored a hat-trick for Liverpool in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough . Doing so on the most romantic day of the year was fitting for the division 's newest heartthrob . The expectation surrounding Owen escalated , and the intro for the next day 's report in the Liverpool Echo said it all : ` Brazil have Ronaldo . Liverpool , and now England , have Michael Owen . ' Michael Owen was the new kid on the block in the Premier League and scored three at Hillsborough in 1998 . Owen celebrates as he scores his hat-trick against Sheffield Wednesday on February 14 , 1998 . England 's young striker Owen makes a run during the 1998 World Cup against Argentina in France . Owen lets rip his shot that saw the Three Lions starlet score against Argentina at the 1998 World Cup . Owen celebrates his goal at France '98 as he went on to deal with the expectation placed on his shoulders . 1997-98 : 36 appearances , 18 goals . 1998-99 : 30 appearances , 18 goals . Best ever season total : 19 . 2014-15 : 26 appearances , 19 goals . 2015-16 : TBC . Best ever season total : 19 -LRB- and counting -RRB- . It was a lot for young shoulders to take , yet four-and-a-half months later he scored that goal against Argentina at France ' 98 . He handled it . Other England strikers created a similar hype . Wayne Rooney was one , Alan Shearer another . And now Harry Kane is dividing opinion . Some believe he will be the next name jotted on that prestigious list , others think he will be found out . This is where Kane can take note of Owen . It was he who , in 1997-98 , scored 18 goals in 36 appearances in the Barclays Premier League . He kept it up at the 1998 World Cup , and did so the season after , too , scoring 18 goals again but in six fewer Premier League appearances . He never looked at the opposition as Manchester United , or Arsenal , or even Argentina . ` From one game to the next , I did n't even know who I was playing against -- they were just names on a teamsheet , not big reputations , and that innocence served me well , ' Owen once said . Kane has been just as fearless this year . The expectation on him is up there with Owen , and Rooney , and Shearer . Yet he must , at the very least , do it for another season ; prove it is not a fluke , or a one-off , before he can even be considered a reason for England supporters to be chipper . Harry Kane came on as a substitute to make his senior England debut by replacing Wayne Rooney . Kane celebrates scoring for England during his senior debut at Wembley against Luthuania . Kane will try to prove his outstanding Premier League season is not a fluke this year . 3 - no player had ever won Player of the Month three times in a row ... but Kane tied with Dennis Bergkamp and Cristiano Ronaldo after winning it in January and February . 19 - Kane has matched Owen 's best-ever total for a Premier League season . 22 - Kane 's 19 goals have directly contributed 22 points to Tottenham Hotspur 's 56 total . 25 - Kane has won the same amount of tackles as Vincent Kompany this season . 40 - Kane 's 22 goals in 40 appearances in the Premier League beats Owen 's 20 . 500 - Kane was 500/1 to be win the Premier League Golden Boot this season . Even so , that does not mean he should n't be celebrated , or that he ca n't do it . Kane , after all , has matched Owen 's 19 goals in 2001-02 and 2002-03 -- the BT Sport co-commentator 's best-ever total in a Premier League season -- with eight games to spare . His 22 goals in his first 40 appearances beats Owen 's 20 , too . Kane 's goals have contributed 22 points to Tottenham Hotspur alone , taking them from a losing position to a winning one against Leicester City , Queens Park Rangers , Arsenal , and so on . They 'd be 14th without . Nobody , by the way , had ever won the Player of the Month award three consecutive times . Dennis Bergkamp won it in August and September , 1997 . Cristiano Ronaldo won it in November and December , 2006 . Kane went desperately close to a third following five goals in March , only for Arsenal 's Olivier Giroud to deny him . Even so , being mentioned in the same breath as Bergkamp and Ronaldo will do the man who was struggling for a place in the Leicester City team just two years ago . Kane celebrates scoring against Queens Park Rangers for Tottenham in the Premier League at Loftus Road . Kane went desperately close to a third straight Player of the Month award - which has never been done before . Harry Kane and Vincent Kompany have -- coincidentally -- played 1,876 minutes each this season , and here 's how they compare : . Tackles won : . 25 - Kane . 25 - Kompany . Tackles lost : . 30 - Kane . 37 - Kompany . The Tottenham product -- 6ft 2in with hair slicked back and a traditional look about him -- seems an old-fashioned centre forward . He was 500/1 at the beginning of the season to win the Premier League Golden Boot , and is not just another also-ran . In Diego Costa and Sergio Aguero , he is rivalling one man who cost Chelsea £ 32million , and another who won Manchester City the title three years ago . Analysing his style of play , however , is n't easy . He is n't known for having pace like Owen , or a cannon of a right foot like Shearer , or dribbling like Aguero , or a bravado like Costa -- yet Kane appears a Jack of all trades . Ten goals with his right foot , five with his left , four with his head -- he 's a right-place-at-the-right-time kind of striker , which never hurts . He 's precise , too , having had the third-most shots on target in the Premier League this year , behind Aguero and Queens Park Rangers striker Charlie Austin . Kane has had the third-most Premier League shots on target , behind Sergio Aguero and Charlie Austin . Kane appears a right-place-at-the-right-time kind of striker who is a Jack of all trades on the pitch . 88 - Sergio Aguero , Manchester City . 81 - Graziano Pelle , Southampton . 65 - Charlie Austin , Queens Park Rangers . 63 - Wilfried Bony , Swansea and Man City . 62 - Romelu Lukaku , Everton . 61 - Harry Kane , Tottenham Hotspur . 58 - Robin van Persie , Manchester United . 58 - Danny Ings , Burnley . 57 - Diego Costa , Chelsea . 55 - Saido Berahino , West Bromwich Albion . 47 - Sergio Aguero , Manchester City . 43 - Charlie Austin , Queens Park Rangers . 37 - Harry Kane , Tottenham Hotspur . 36 - Diego Costa , Chelsea . 35 - Romelu Lukaku , Everton . 35 - Alexis Sanchez , Arsenal . 33 - Wilfried Bony , Manchester City . 31 - Robin van Persie , Manchester United . 29 - Graziano Pelle , Southampton . 28 - Saido Berahino , West Bromwich Albion . Kane 's heat maps against Leicester City -LRB- left -RRB- and Arsenal -LRB- right -RRB- show he 's active in both halves . And do n't forget persistent . Consider the top 20 most distances covered by players during a Premier League match , and Kane features twice -LRB- 13.01 km vs Everton , and 13.12 km vs Swansea City -RRB- . It 's no wonder his heat maps -LRB- above -RRB- show him active from one half to the other . Even chanelling his inner defender , Kane has made as many tackles -LRB- 25 -RRB- as Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany this season in the same amount of minutes -LRB- 1,876 -RRB- -- and has lost fewer . Yet Italy proved more difficult to handle than Lithuania , or Leicester , or QPR . Kane was given a hard time by Giorgio Chiellini -- a foul after 19 seconds serving as an unofficial welcome to international football -- but he has had that treatment before . Not by the Italian , but by Chelsea captain John Terry . The Capital One Cup final at Wembley was among his more difficult afternoons , Kane admitted in an exclusive interview with Sportsmail previously , and it will only get harder . Kane was closely marked by Italy 's Giorgio Chiellini in what was a taster of what 's to come from defenders . Chiellini often had his arms wrapped around Kane during set pieces in England 's friendly with Italy in Turin . Kane was barely given an inch by Chiellini during the international friendly and he can expect it to continue . Defenders catch on quick , and he will be marked intensely , as per Chiellini and Terry 's taster . Can his remarkable form continue for another season , and the one after that , and so on ? Kane must avoid what happened to Michael Ricketts -- a player who fell off the radar almost as quickly as he came on to it . Ricketts hit 12 goals for Bolton Wanderers in his first Premier League season by February 2002 to earn his England debut against Holland that same month , yet the striker did not score for the rest of the season and never reached double figures for a club in the league again . What Kane does n't want is to become the answer to a pub quiz question that asks which player scored 25-plus goals in 2014-15 , only to never be seen again ? Only he can make sure that does n't happen , and it begins with a half-decent 2015-16 . Michael Ricketts hit 12 goals for Bolton Wanderers in his first Premier League season by February 2002 . He did not score for the rest of the season and never reached double figures for a club in the league again . Kane will try to avoid becoming a one-hit wonder in the Premier League and it starts with next season . Distance data courtesy of the EA SPORTS Player Performance Index , the Official Player Rating Index of the Barclays Premier League . Pick , manage and play as your own team of star in EA SPORTS FIFA 15 Ultimate Team . Find out more by clicking here #FEELTHEGAM .