Kim Kardashian is undoubtedly the queen of self-promotion , posting ` selfie ' snaps to her millions of followers on a daily basis and even releasing a book filled with her self-taken pictures . And now , Kim 's secret weapon to achieving the perfect photo has seemingly been revealed . Buzzfeed is convinced that the social media superstar has been using FaceTune to edit her selfies - a £ 2.99 photo editing app designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection ' . Scroll down for video . Spot the difference ? Bianca London and Martha Cliff used FaceTune to edit their selfies . The £ 2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection ' - but the results were rather scary ... and obvious . Not only can you remove spots , improve skin texture and enhance eyes , but you can also fix grey hair , reshape your face and even fill in bald patches . You can also whiten teeth , remove wrinkles and elongate or shorten a face entirely before instantly sharing the retouched photos to Facebook , Instagram , Twitter , Flickr or Tumblr , or via email . Most of the tools are easy to use and you simply have to zoom and pan , then use your finger to paint on the effect . FEMAIL 's Bianca London , Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff tested it out to trim down their figures - with quite startling results . Anucyia Victor , left , before , and , right , after , tested out the tools , which are easy to use - you simply have to zoom and pan and use your fingers to alter your waistline . The founders of the app - which FEMAIL tested : before , left , and , after , right - say they have a strong background in the academia , which they used to take the most exciting , state of the art technologies and integrated them into a product in the most user-friendly way . The ` reshape ' and ` resize ' tools let you modify your figure by lengthening your legs , sucking in your waist or trimming down your arms . It is , however , slightly obvious what you 're up to . One look at the background of the image and you can see the wall has a curve and is slightly distorted . Countless celebrities - including Beyonce , Kendall Jenner and Kim Kardashian - have been called out on mishaps like this by savvy social media users . Not only can you remove spots , improve skin texture and enhance eyes with the app , but you can also fix grey hair and reshape your face . Martha Cliff , left , before , and , right , after using it . The app , which Bianca London , left , before , and , right , after , tried out , claims to give any user the ability to achieve high-end , realistic looking results , comparable only to what a professional can achieve on the desktop with Photoshop . The app 's founders do , however , think they 're onto something with their latest offering . ` Facetune is different , ' said Zeev Farbman , Lightricks CEO . ` Unlike other apps , it gives any user the ability to achieve high-end , realistic looking results , comparable only to what a professional can achieve on the desktop with Photoshop . ' He then explained how this was achieved : ` We have a strong background in the academia , which we used to take the most exciting , state of the art technologies , that were never seen on mobile devices , and integrated them into a product in the most user-friendly way . ` With the tiniest bit of effort , everyone can get great looking photos of themselves . ' And it seems that our image conscious society are rushing to improve their cyber image because when it was released , it was the third most popular app on iTunes just behind What 's App and the Catchphrase game . Photoshop master Peeje T told RadarOnline that shots of Kim and her pal Blac Chyna on Instagram may have been ` manipulated ' to enhance the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star 's shapely figure . Drawing the background of one of Kim 's pics as an example , Peeje T. explained the slight curvature of the door frame could be proof that Kanye West 's wife has been digitally doctoring her snaps . Kim often showcases her trim figure on her Instagram page via a series of selfies but some experts say her waist appears smaller in her selfie -LRB- left -RRB- compared with pictures later taken by the paparazzi -LRB- right -RRB- . While some of her Kim Kardashian 's Instagram snaps , left , have no apparent signs of distortion , she does appear slightly different - perhaps due to a filter - to paparazzi shots from the same event , right .