A 20-year-old British tourist has claimed she was molested by a taxi driver in Jaipur , who has now been arrested -LRB- pictured posed by model -RRB- . A taxi driver in India has been arrested after being accused of molesting a British tourist . The driver , known as Salim , is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in Jaipur on Friday evening . The man , from Todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan , is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman and is being held in custody . A spokesman for Rajasthan Police said they had taken statements from the woman and her friend , India Times reported . ` We have arrested taxi driver Salim on a complaint filed by a British tourist on early Saturday . ' said the man . ` He was arrested under Section 354 of IPC -LRB- Indian Penal Code -RRB- . He was sent to judicial custody , ' His arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India against tourists and locals , which have led to widespread protests . On February 8 a Japanese tourist filed a complaint accusing a tout of raping her in Dudu , around 60 km away from Jaipur . The woman had been on a tour when the man allegedly approached her and offered his service as a guide . In March a 75-year-old Indian nun was gang raped by a group of eight robbers when she confronted them after they broke in to the Convent of Jesus and Mary School in West Bengal state 's Nadia district . There is a heightened sensitivity to the issue of sexual assault in India at the moment after officials last month banned India 's Daughter , a documentary about the gang rape and murder of an Indian student in Delhi . Officials said the documentary would cause further disorder if it was shown , following a number of protests and incidents of vigilante justice in the country . The documentary explained the brutal rape and murder of 23-year-old student Jyoti Singh , who was attacked on a bus when she returned home from the cinema . Recent attacks in India have resulted in street protests with many calling for more protection for women . One of the six men convicted of the attack , bus driver Mukesh Singh , was interviewed in prison and told researchers that had Jyoti not fought back she would not have been killed . Her death led to protests throughout India and outraged the world . Jyoti Singh Pandey , a physiotherapy student , was gang raped as she travelled on a bus . The 23-year-old suffered in hospital for 13 days from her injuries before she died . Vinay Sharma , 20 , Akshay Thakur , 28 , Pawan Gupta , 19 , and Mukesh Singh , 26 , were all sentenced to death for her rape . Ram Singh , co-accused and widely considered the leader of the group , was found dead in his cell . A minor also found guilty was sentenced to three years in a reformatory institution . Her death sparked angry protests in India and internationally about misogyny in the country . The attention forced judges to prioritise the case and the lawyer 's association in Saket reportedly refused to defend the perpetrators . Last month an angry mob were seen on video footage beating a man to death in the street who was accused of raping and murdering an 11-year-old girl . Video footage has emerged of the brutal prolonged attack on the 18-year-old , which was watched by a jeering 1,000-strong crowd in Nagaland in eastern India . Ibo Cha was said to have been beaten for an hour before he died of his injuries . The footage was shot in September last year after the girl 's body was found in woodland , enraging locals . But it only came to light after earlier this year alleged rapist Syed Sarif Khan was kidnapped from prison and dragged through the streets of the same area . He was then stripped naked and beaten to death . He was accused but not convicted of raping a 19-year-old female student multiple times . Later Nagaland Government said he was innocent .