Former Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson has decided against hosting BBC 's Have I Got News For You later this month . The TV personality was due to record the show , which he has hosted in the past , on April 23 to be broadcast the following day . The recording would have marked his first appearance for the BBC since being dismissed for hitting Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel over dinner . Scroll down for video . Jeremy Clarkson will not be hosting an episode of Have I Got News For You later this month , according to the show 's producers , though they expect him to return to the show later in the year . Jimmy Mulville , managing director of Hat Trick Productions , said : ` On reflection , Jeremy Clarkson has decided not to host Have I Got News For You . ` We fully expect him to resume his hosting duties later in the year . ' Clarkson had been a regular feature on BBC television since taking over Top Gear in 1988 from previous producer Noel Edmonds . He is credited with taking the show from being a niche motoring programme to the most watched series on BBC 2 . The hosting slot would have marked Clarkson 's first appearance on the BBC since he was dismissed from Top Gear for hitting producer Oisin Tymon . His brash presenting style and refusal to bow to PC culture earned him legions of admirers and critics , and controversy dogged his career . He was put on a ` final warning ' after allegedly saying a racial slur on air while reciting a nursery rhyme , and drew more unwanted attention after the Top Gear team were kicked out of Argentina last year while filming a Christmas special . Clarkson 's car had a numberplate which was thought to be a deliberate reference the Falklands war , though the BBC denied this . He was suspended by the broadcaster on March 10 when reported himself to the corporation following a row in which producer Oisin Tymon was punched , splitting his lip . Following a week-long investigation , director-general Tony Hall decided against renewing his contract saying at the time ` a line has been crossed ' . Despite Clarkson 's unruly behaviour , he received an outpouring of public support , including from his friend and Prime Minister , David Cameron , while a million people signed a petition asking for him to be reinstated . Despite Top Gear being taken off the air , Clarkson has not been banned from appearing on the BBC altogether , and so speculation fell on his Have I Got News For You appearance . The car enthusiast also has a controversial history on that programme , once throwing a pen at team captain and Private Eye editor Ian Hislop , cutting his cheek . Clarkson has vowed to keep working after being dismissed from the BBC , and will appear on stage for a series of live motoring shows with former colleagues Richard Hammond and James May . It emerged last week that he will appear on stage with his former Top Gear colleagues , Richard Hammond and James May , later this year to fulfil a series of shows planned before he left the BBC . Clarkson turned himself in to BBC bosses following the dust-up , and after an investigation director-general Tony Hall decided against renewing his contract . However , Clarkson is not banned from appearing on the BBC altogether , meaning he could have fulfilled his commitment to host the satirical news show , but has since withdrawn . The gigs will be stripped of all BBC branding and content , and billed as Clarkson , Hammond and May Live . That means the shows , which will take in venues in Australia , Norway , South Africa and the UK , will not be able to use clips from the show or feature The Stig . The move has sparked rumours that the three men intend to team up to continue their careers together after Clarkson 's exit from the corporation , but sources close to the tour say it is just a matter of fulfilling commitments to the fans . The future of the show 's other two presenters - Hammond and May - is unclear , with both men 's Top Gear contracts also having run out . Since Clarkson 's future was decided , May has been seen meeting with BBC head of content Alan Yentob , though the details of what were discussed have not been revealed .