A Texas A & m , Galveston , professor decided to fail his entire class after he claimed that they cheated in class and were disruptive and rude . In a letter he sent to his strategic management students , Professor Irwin Horwitz claimed that he had seen cheating , heard false rumors about himself and other students and had been called a ` f ****** moron ' to his face . Horwitz 's email said that every single student in the approximately 30-person class would fail because of the behavior he had witnessed during the semester . The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz 's wishes to give out will not hold . Texas a & m , Galveston , professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester . In the email - he sent a similar one to administrators - he claimed students cheated in class and participated in ` inappropriate conduct ' His email to his students read : ` None of you , in my opinion , given the behavior in this class , deserve to pass , or graduate to become an Aggie , as you do not in any way embody the honor that the university holds graduates should have within their personal character . ` Since teaching this course , I have caught and seen cheating , been told to ` chill out , ' ` get out of my space , ' ` go back and teach , ' -LSB- been -RSB- called a ` f ****** moron ' to my face , -LSB- had -RSB- one student cheat by signing in for another , one student not showing up but claiming they did , listened to many hurtful and untrue rumors about myself and others , been caught between fights between students ... . ` None of you , in my opinion , given the behavior in this class , deserve to pass , or graduate to become an Aggie , as you do not in any way embody the honor that the university holds graduates should have within their personal character . ` It is thus for these reasons why I am officially walking away from this course . I am frankly and completely disgusted . ` You all lack the honor and maturity to live up to the standards that Texas a & m holds , and the competence and/or desire to do the quality work necessary to pass the course just on a grade level ... . I will no longer be teaching the course , and all are being awarded a failing grade . ' Inside Higher Ed . ` It is thus for these reasons why I am officially walking away from this course . I am frankly and completely disgusted . ` You all lack the honor and maturity to live up to the standards that Texas a & m holds , and the competence and/or desire to do the quality work necessary to pass the course just on a grade level ... . I will no longer be teaching the course , and all are being awarded a failing grade . ' Horwitz , who has taught at the college level for 20 years , sent a similar email to senior administrators telling them what he had done , according to Inside Higher Ed . He predicted that his students would protest his decision and told administration that the students were ` your problem now ' . A university spokesman said that across-the-board failing grades would be re-evaluated . ` No student who passes the class academically will be failed . That is only the right thing to do , ' he said . He added that Horwitz 's accusations are being investigated and ` disciplinary action will be taken ' against those students who behaved inappropriately . Horwitz , who said he will not teach the class again , called his class 's behavior ` disgraceful ' and told KPRC that he had never failed a class before and rarely gave out failing grades . ` I was dealing with cheating , dealing with individuals swearing at me both in and out of class , it got to the point that the school had to put security guards at that class and another class , ' he said . ` Sometimes learning incorporates tough love . ' Vice President of Academic Affairs Patrick Lauchouarn said that Horwitz can not give failing grades to an entire class and each student will be judged academically by the department head rather than Horwitz for the remainder of the semester . He said that his students told him to ` chill out ' and cited student cheating in his email . ` It became apparent that they could n't do some of the most simple and basic things they should have been able to do , ' Horwitz told KPRC . Vice President of Academic Affairs Patrick Lauchouarn said that Horwitz can not give failing grades to an entire class , especially before the end of the semester , in May . ` None of them have failed until the end of the class , meaning the only reason a student would fail because he or she has not performed the expectations for that particular class , ' he said . The department head at the university will teach the course for the remainder of the semester and grades will be evaluated based on academics , school officials said . Horowitz said he would not teach the strategic management class again at the Galveston campus -LRB- pictured -RRB- and that in his 20 years of teaching he had never failed an entire class .