The 16-year-son of Michael Schumacher , the seven-time Formula One champion , is set to make his debut in the same sport this weekend . Mick Schumacher will compete in the Formula 4 category , in what is regarded as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top . By doing so , he will follow in the footsteps of his father - who is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in Switzerland - who won a record 91 races in Formula 1 . Mick Schumacher - who bears a striking resemblance to his father , Michael - makes his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series in Germany this weekend . Schumacher Junior will drive under his own name for the first time in his career when he races this weekend . Schumacher Jnr is part of the Van Amersfoort Racing team competing in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series . He will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow and will take part in two more races on Sunday . For the first time in his career , he will drive under his own name . Previously , when taking part in go-karting , he had used the maiden name of his mother , Corinna , to avoid media attention . Three-time Formula One champion Niki Lauda said : ` Of course , the public will be watching him , thanks to his father , and that is a huge burden for him . ' Van Amersfoot Racing team managing director told Bild : ` We are all pleased with how things are going . Mick makes few errors . ` The talent is there , the preparation is there , the intelligence is there . ` We are proud to have a big name race for us , but the name alone wo n't bring us any points . We 'll all have to work hard for those . ' Schumacher Junior is pictured in the team garage ahead of the first race of the season on Saturday . Michael Schumacher pictured during Formula One testing at the Jerez circuit in Spain in December 2007 . Gerhard Berger , an Austrian former Formula One driver and rival of Schumacher SNR , feared the boy 's name could become a burden . ` It 's quite tough for Mick to be treading in his father 's footsteps , ' he said . But he expected Schumacher Jnr to have a successful career in the sport . ` I know him a bit and he 's a good lad , with both feet on the ground and the racing bug within him . He grew up in this environment and it is his life . He 's not in any danger of being imbalanced by it . ' He also thought it could give him something to focus on other than his father 's grave condition , which has had a devastating affect on his life . The pair were skiing on the Meribel slopes in France in December 2013 when Schumacher Snr fell and cracked his head on a boulder . Schumacher celebrates on the podium after winning the Australian Grand Prix in March 2004 - he is still recovering from a skiing accident in December 2013 . He emerged from his induced coma in June last year , and left hospital in September . Despite the intensive therapy he has been receiving at his home in Lake Geneva , Switzerland , his condition is believed to be extremely serious . Tents have been erected around his house so the media can not photograph him in his wheelchair . Schumacher Jnr finished second in the world , European and German kart championships last season and signed a contract with Van Amersfoort Racing to drive in the Formula 4 in March . He will link up with team-mate Harrison Newey , the British 16-year-old son of Red Bull designer Adrian .