They may have millions in the bank and the most prestigious beauty houses bending over backwards to gift them products , but our favourite A-listers do n't turn their noses up at cheap and simple tricks when it comes to beautifying . From Shailene Woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot to Kate Moss submerging her face in cucumber water , it seems the stars ' best kept beauty hacks start in the kitchen . Insurgent actress Shailene , who is a big fan of natural beauty , has confessed to cooking the vibrant vegetable to use it as an alternative to lipstick . Insurgent actress Shailene Woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot rather than lipstick ... and she 's not the only celebrity who favours natural beauty products . She told Bon Appetit magazine : ` It 's totally awesome . Beets are amazing . If you roast them you 'll get a better lipstick . ` They 're not as potent and they do n't stain the same way if they 're raw . So I roast them first and then just dab a little of the juice on my lips with my finger . ' The 23-year-old star is n't the only celebrity who swears by unusual products when it comes to looking her best . Gossip Girl actress Blake Lively revealed the secret behind her glossy blonde locks comes from her fridge . Blake Lively says her mother taught her to slather mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before showering to avoid it drying out . She told Byrdie : ` My mum taught me this really great beauty tip . She used to put oil or mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before she would shower . ` That way , when she would shampoo , the soap would n't strip the bottom of the hair and dry it out , making it brittle . ' Meanwhile , 12 Years A Slave actress Lupita Nyong ' o combats her dry skin with oily vegetables . She told Harper 's Bazaar last year : ` Avocado oil is a big thing for me . I discovered it last year , and at first I was using it just on my body , but then I realised it works on my face , and my hair too , for that matter ! ` Especially in the wintertime , when my skin is drier , it really seeps in and leaves it nice and lush . ' Lupita Nyong ' o combats her dry skin with avocado and loves to use it on her locks , too . Blonde-haired bombshell Scarlett Johansson is famed for her china doll skin and plump red lips . And while the actress can afford to splurge on a plethora of skincare treatments , the A-lister has been guarding a rather cheap and unusual beauty secret . The Avengers star has revealed that she uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser . The 30-year-old slathers the natural product across her face to keep her spots at bay . While the actress did admit that the product - which is priced at around £ 1.50 in stores such as Holland & Barrett - can be harsh on skin , it has actually been effective in treating her spots . Speaking to Contactmusic about her beauty secrets , she revealed : ` I researched natural skincare and found that apple cider vinegar is really effective . ` Using it as a toner can be harsh , but if you have breakouts it can be really healing . ` It 's a little bit stinky but if you 're not sleeping over at your boyfriend 's it 's really effective ! , ' she added . Scarlett Johansson has revealed that she uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser and to keep her spots at bay . Natural beauty Catherine Zeta - Jones is happy to use her own homegrown beauty secrets , such as rubbing honey and salt on her skin to beat wrinkles , washing her hair in beer and brushing her teeth with a strawberry . In an interview with Now Magazine back in 2009 , the actress admitted that the answer to preserving her youthful appearance lies as much in her kitchen as her make-up bag . ` I rub a mixture of honey and salt all over my body to moisturise and exfoliate , ' she said . ` You wash it off and your skin is gorgeous . Also , I love to eat an apple after a meal , just to cleanse my teeth - they always look polished afterwards . ' If there are n't any apples in the fruit bowl , a strawberry will suffice . ` The juice or pulp of strawberries contains malic acid which serves as an astringent and can lighten surface stains , ' she explained . ` Pineapples work the same way . ' However , while her rather unusual beauty regime appears to have its benefits , she admits it has its drawbacks too . ` I do condition my hair with honey and beer . ` I smell like the bottom of a beer barrel for days afterwards but it 's very good for the hair . ' Kate Moss submerges her face into a sinkful of iced cucumber water in the morning to perk up her skin . As someone who likes the odd cigarette and night out on the town , many are left wondering how does Kate Moss maintain such a glowing visage ? The supermodel submerges her face into a sinkful of iced cucumber water in the morning to perk up her skin . ` If I wake up looking tired and puffy , I fill a sink with ice and cucumber and submerge my face . ` It tightens everything making you look and feel instantly awake . It is a bit Joan Crawford - but it works ! , ' she told Stylist magazine . Cucumber and the skin share the same level of hydrogen , so the fruit can easily help to cure problem areas .