The President of the Czech Republic has banned the U.S. Ambassador from Prague Castle following a public dispute over the former 's decision to attend a Russian World War II parade . President Milos Zeman has been criticised by Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in Moscow , marking the Allied win at the Western front in 1945 , despite the crisis in Ukraine . In response to the critique , President Zeman said Ambassador Schapiro is no longer welcome in the Prague Castle , the seat of presidency . Under attack : Czech President Milos Zeman was criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual Victory Day parade in Moscow , despite the crisis in Ukraine . Much to the chagrin of President Zeman , the country 's prime minister together with Czech lawmakers are siding with the American . ` I think that the reaction of President Zeman was not adequate , ' Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said . ` I would naturally welcome it if the attitude of Mr. President to foreign policy in general was a bit more professional , ' Sobotka told the Czech public television on Monday . ` We should be able to communicate with our friends and allies , ' Sobotka added . Parliament 's lower house speaker , Jan Hamacek , said he thought Zeman was overreacting ; the deputy speaker of Parliament 's upper house , Premysl Sobotka , said Zeman demonstrated a lack of ` diplomatic thinking . ' Harsh reaction : In response to the criticism , President Zeman has banned Ambassador Schapiro from visiting Prague Castle , the seat of presidency . Jan Mlejnek , an analyst , said Zeman 's rhetoric was unfortunate and will harm Czech-U.S. relations . In an emailed statement from the U.S. embassy , Shapiro said ` it would be unfortunate for President Zeman to be there as perhaps ? the only EU head of state . ' Zeman , whose is critical of European Union sanctions against Russia , said he wanted to honor Soviet soldiers who sacrificed their lives to liberate his country in World War II . The Czech presidency is a largely ceremonial post and the government is in charge of foreign policy . Sobotka said he accepted Zeman 's explanation for the trip . Shapiro said he regretted that President Zeman felt offended . ` I value a good working relationship with everyone , and I want him to know that my door will be open to him , ' ? Shapiro said . ` I also want the Czech people to know that the United States government , and the people of America , value our relationship as partners and allies more than ever . ' The Moscow Victory Day Parade parade is held on May 9th , and will this year commemorate the 70th anniversary of the capitulation of Nazi Germany in 1945 .