My teenagers demand something a bit more exciting than sand and sea from family summer holidays nowadays , and given their obsession with all things Kardashian , we decided on California this year . In fact , we plumped for a classic American road trip - driving along the Pacific Coast Highway -LRB- aka Route 1 -RRB- from San Francisco to Los Angeles . It took Molly , Dylan and I three weeks to do it , and we fitted so much in during that time it 's difficult to even do it justice . Navigating Route 1 from San Fran 's iconic Golden Gate Bridge to LA , Jane Horrocks enjoys her road trip . San Francisco is known as America 's most European city , possibly because you 'll need to pack a fleece even in late July . The mist that rolls in off the sea and shrouds the Golden Gate Bridge most days can sometimes linger , but we never stayed still long enough to get cold . Based in the funky Hotel Zetta - where the foyer-come games room and bar is plastered with colossal photos of John Lennon and past guests of Alcatraz - we spent three days hurtling around the city , often clinging for dear life to the famous cable cars that haul you up and down the City 's hills . We ate clam chowder from a bread bowl at Fisherman 's Wharf , we trawled the boutiques of Haight Ashbury in search of the summer of love , we bussed out to the Golden Gate , and we wondered at the aquarium in Golden Gate Park . Jane travelled the scenic route , taking in beaches . And , fleeces on , we took the boat trip to Alcatraz , which is not to be missed . The brilliant audio guide that leads you around the prison is narrated only by men who were once guards or prisoners on the rock , making for an eerie and compelling tour . After trying to distil the city into only 72 hours , we climbed into our SUV and headed for Route 1 . It 's only about 350 miles as the crow flies between San Francisco and LA , but this -LRB- mostly -RRB- coastal route is probably well over 500 miles long as it winds through some of California 's most wonderful , ever-changing scenery . Much of the highway has a 55mph speed limit and has only one lane in each direction - it 's time to take your foot off the gas , relax and take it all in . My children said it reminded them of Dorset as we headed south past Santa Cruz and then nipped briefly into Monterey to dine in a seafront restaurant on the edge of Cannery Row , the waterfront district made famous in John Steinbeck 's novel of the same name . At Dylan 's insistence , we took a detour on to 17 Mile Drive , the scenic road around the Monterey Peninsula that leads to the world-famous Pebble Beach golf club . He was rather disappointed by the condition of the course there , but thrilled with the state of Quail Lodge and Golf Club , our first port of call just outside the pretty little town of Carmel . Even the non-golfers among us loved our luxurious bungalow at the edge of the course ; secluded and tranquil , plush and green with a view of distant mountains . When the sound of silence got too much for us , just across the street at Valley Hills there was the excellent and lively Baja Cantina Mexican restaurant , and a wonderful deli too . Leaving Carmel , you find yourself at the edge of the spectacular area known as Big Sur : wild and often mountainous terrain battling it out with the equally wild Pacific . Dining in Cannery Row , the waterfront district made famous in John Steinbeck 's novel of the same name . The road coils up and down cliffs and crosses cavernous gorges for almost 100 miles - incredibly dramatic but sometimes not for the faint-hearted . We stopped off at the Garrapata National Park , in a baking-hot and silent valley , where the crash of the waves was replaced by the hum of insects and the call of the buzzards wheeling overhead . This was a completely different wildness , underlined when Dylan narrowly avoided stepping on a basking rattlesnake . At the end of Big Sur you can encounter yet another type of wildness altogether in the form of the legendary Madonna Inn in San Luis Obispo . Every bedroom is themed here - from Rock Bottom -LRB- it 's a cave -RRB- to Old Mexico and the comparatively muted silver walls and flock wallpaper of our own Crystal Room . To call the Madonna Inn ` kitsch ' is to do it a huge disservice , because it takes everything to a whole new level of eye-popping taste . Take the Gold Rush Steakhouse , which puts the shocking into pink . The whole place is furnished and upholstered in this garish shade , softened only by the presence of enormous gold chandeliers . You have to see it to believe it , but the food and service were fantastic . Big Sur : Where the wild and often mountainous terrain battles it out with the equally wild Pacific Ocean . We took a rare detour off Route 1 to the Danish settlement of Solvang , a sort of cutesy yet sinister re-creation of Denmark in the California sun , full of pastry shops and Chinese tourists . A little unnerved by this , we headed back to the safety of the highway and soon found ourselves in Santa Barbara . It 's the classic California of posters and T-shirts , with infinitely long palm-lined streets with mountains at one end and the ocean at the other . We stayed at the beach side end of one such thoroughfare in the aptly named Harbor View Inn , and found great seafood at the end of the pier at Stearns Wharf opposite the hotel and at the fantastic Fishhouse just a couple of blocks along Cabrillo Boulevard . Over the rail tracks behind the inn is State Street , where you can find everything from Macy 's and American Apparel to tattooists and cavernous bars advertising Punk Rock Bingo . The farmers ' market closes the street on a Tuesday afternoon , offering up a Californian cornucopia of fruit , veg and other tasty treats . To the east of State Street is The Funk Zone , an old industrial area that is regenerating itself into a haven of restaurants , art galleries and wine-tasting rooms . Back on the road near San Simeon , you will see exotic animals on either side of the highway . Floundering on the beach are gigantic elephant seals - enormous specimens of blubbery ugliness hooting and honking and generally having a riot at the edge of the sea . Spectacular : An enormous neo-Classical marble swimming pool dominates Hearst 's magnificent mansion . On the other side are zebras - direct descendants of the herd that press tycoon William Randolph Hearst installed at the magnificent Hearst Castle , which appears right ahead of you . You can take a tour of the castle and its grounds . After a 15-minute coach drive up the snaking road to the top of the hill , you discover a spectacular mansion furnished with antiques and tapestries from all over Europe , and boasting Roman baths , an enormous neo-Classical marble swimming pool and its own private cinema . In the 1930s , Hearst Castle was party central for Clark Gable , Errol Flynn , Greta Garbo et al. . Having soaked up a bit of the Golden Age of Hollywood , we headed off on Route 1 again to see the City of Angels of today . There we stayed at the slick and sleek Viceroy Santa Monica Hotel , choosing the beach-life of Santa Monica and Venice over the urban sprawl of Hollywood or Beverly Hills where the car is king . The body-builders and gymnasts of Muscle Beach and the rollerblading buskers of Venice are highly entertaining , and you can walk everywhere . Hollywood is really an idea rather than a place anyway . It always seems as if it might be just around the next corner but it never is , and the Hollywood sign always stays aloof in the distance . What a beach : Huntington Beach is a pure three-and-a-half miles of uncrowded white sand loved by surfers . We went on an excellent guided tour taking in the Chinese Theatre , Walk of Fame , Rodeo Drive , Sunset Strip and other spots of note . A Sunday trip to Universal Studios was great fun , too , for the rides and a look at a real working film set on its day off . Mind you , the scariest ride of the day was getting on the freeway by accident on the way into LA . Unless you 're a professional stunt driver in a hurry , the freeway is probably best avoided in favour of a trundle along the city 's more sedate boulevards . We drove the last 40 miles south through the LA suburbs to our final stop at the Huntington Beach Hyatt Regency . And what a beach it is - three-and-a-half miles of uncrowded white sand known as Surf City . It was thrilling to watch the guys surfing along on the waves . Later we watched the sun go down over the pier from the comfort of the superb Duke 's Restaurant , before ambling back along a beach glowing with fire-pits and shrouded in barbecue smoke - preparing ourselves for the horrors of donning fleeces again for the journey home . American Sky -LRB- americansky.co.uk , 0843 6362001 -RRB- offers an 11-night self-drive Golden California tour from £ 1,199 pp . It includes room-only accommodation at a choice of hotels along the route from San Francisco to Los Angeles , return flights with United Airlines from Gatwick into San Francisco and out of Los Angeles , and 4WD car hire . For more information about California , go to visitcalifornia.co.uk or call 020 7257 6180 .