Marlon Samuels found a novel way of carrying on his duel in the second Test with Ben Stokes here on Thursday night when he sent him on his way with a military-style salute . Stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a Devendra Bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg and Samuels wasted no time in pouring salt on his wounds , saluting him on his way . The Durham all-rounder muttered under his breath as he walked past Samuels before England closed on 373 for six , a lead of 74 , thanks to an outstanding unbeaten 118 from the prolific Joe Root . Ben Stokes -LRB- left -RRB- gives Marlon Samuels a stare as the West Indian gives him a send-off salute on Thursday . Stokes looks at Samuels as the cheeky centurion stands at attention with his hat on his check for the send-off . And West Indies great Curtly Ambrose , now the bowling coach , insisted afterwards that the eccentric Samuels was just having a bit of fun . ` I did n't really see it , but there 's nothing wrong with a little banter in international cricket , ' said Ambrose . ` As long as it does n't go over the top I 'm fine with it . I think it 's more friendly . He gave a salute ? Is that a sign of respect , I do n't know . ` That 's something that we do n't really preach . We always make sure that we tell the guys to keep it clean , and keep it within a certain range , and do n't go over the top . ` International cricket is hard , and they must find ways to relax themselves , and smiling is one of those things . As much as we 're working hard and want to win , you must have some fun doing it . You 've got to enjoy what you are doing . ` I 'm hoping it was light-hearted because we always make sure we tell the guys to keep it clean and do n't go over the top . I do n't think Marlon meant anything by it . You have to find ways to relax and have fun . ' The gesture was seen as good ` banter ' by Geoffrey Boycott in commentary for BBC 's Test Match Special . Boycott said : ` The Samuels salute was all right because it is banter and fun . It is not punishable -- it was funny . ' Stokes does n't get a full piece of an innocuous delivery from Bishoo and skies his shot into the outfield . Stokes looks on in hope as the ball floats into the safe hands of Blackwood , who took his second catch . After the pair clashed in Windies ' first innings while Samuels got 103 , the all-rounder gave Stokes a slaute . Graeme Swann said immediately after the day 's play that while not the biggest fan of Samuels the gesture made him laugh . ` He can be an absolute tool sometimes but I have to admit Marlon Samuels just made me laugh tea out of my nose with his saluting send off , ' Swann wrote on Twitter . ` Heavy money on @benstokes38 getting Marlon out in the 2nd dig . Eng should line up a guard of honour for him . Love to see humour on the field . ' Joe Root celebrates reaching his century during a short partnership with Stokes . Alastair Cook was unable to reach an elusive century after dragging Shannon Gabriel on for 76 .