Hundreds of staff at the Royal Courts of Justice and London School of Economics were evacuated again today after a building due to be demolished collapsed ` like a pancake ' injuring a 56-year-old workman . Workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth , fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building - sending a huge cloud of dust into the air . The terrifying incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through Holborn on April 1 bringing parts of central London to a standstill and costing local firms £ 40million . Scroll down for video . Building collapse : Hundreds of staff at the Royal Courts of Justice and London School of Economics were evacuated again today after a six-storey structure collapsed . Injury : Police said a 56-year-old man was being treated for injuries this afternoon following the disaster . Staff at both LSE and the Royal Courts of Justice were also evacuated on that occasion and at this stage it is unknown whether the two incidents are related . The collapsed building , located just behind the university , was covered in scaffolding when disaster struck shortly after 4 pm this afternoon . Students at LSE were seen evacuating the university 's library and have been told to ` stay clear ' of the area . One worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid until an ambulance arrived . Two incidents in a matter of weeks : A map shows where the building collapsed today - not far from the underground cable fire that tore through Holborn on April 1 costing local firms an estimated £ 40million . An air ambulance was seen arriving at the scene this evening and a 56-year-old was taken to hospital with head injuries . He was the only casualty among 30 workers on site at the time . Nathan Kennedy , 28 , was working in the site office when the building behind the Royal Court of Justice and LSE began to collapse . He said : ` We are used to big bangs and crashes all the time , that 's the nature of demolition . ` I was just finishing off some paperwork when there was a huge crash and a rumble , we knew it was out of the ordinary and everyone ran outside . ` We are trained for this so everyone kept calm , but it was the first time anything like this has happened to me . ` There was a huge dust ball , we were checking everyone was all right when a couple of the first aiders brought out one of the guys . Parts of scaffolding spill over the barrier around the site and a construction vehicle could also be seen among the piles of rubble . The building , located directly behind LSE , is just yards from where the underground cable fire started at the beginning of April , bringing parts of central London to a standstill . ` He had a bad cut on his forehead and I think he could have broken his arm . We are all worried for him , he 's called Keiran and he 's in his 50s or 60s . ` Everyone is shaken up , we just hope he 's all right . ' A London Air Ambulance helicopter landed in nearby Lincoln 's Inn Fields to pick up the injured man . Workmen have been on site for around five months and demolition was in progress when the collapse occurred . Mr Kennedy added : ` There a stretch around 15 to 20m that 's collapsed . We 've been here since December , the building was seven floors and we 've gone down three . ` There 's some heavy machinery on the higher floors , we use a machine called a muncher that chews through the walls , it 's like a big claw , that may have fallen down . ` There 's been a lot of building work around here but this is far enough away I would be surprised if that had anything to do it . ' Speaking at the scene London Fire Brigade station manager John Snelgrove said : ` We have one waking wounded who has been taken to hospital and we are unaware of his condition . A cloud of dust hovers in the air following the building collapse in Holborn , central London . Fire crews attend the scene on Portugal Street , near the London School of Economics , today . People in the vicinity reported feeling the ground shake as part of the huge building collapsed into rubble . ` The collapse is known as a pancake and has taken around third to two thirds of one of the sides down with it . ` Fortuitously the collapse has largely stayed within the site and not hurt any passers by . ` This is a busy area , luckily the building collapsed inwardly , although a few cars were damaged by fallen masonry . ' Scotland Yard said : ` We were called at 4.14 pm to Portugal Street , Aldwych , following reports of a partial building collapse on a building site . ` Officers , London Ambulance service and London Fiere Brigade are in attendance . One male aged 56 is being treated at the scene . The Health and Safety Executive has been informed and road closures are currently in place . ' A London Fire Brigade spokesman said : ` One hundred people were evacuated from the building site and a further 100 people were evacuated from nearby properties . A safety cordon is in place . ' The London School of Economics -LRB- LSE -RRB- Students ' Union 's Twitter account tweeted a picture of the scene and said it was ` just by ' the LSE campus . And LSE assistant professor Bryan Roberts tweeted : ` Building just collapsed next to my office at LSE in Holborn . When the structure came down there were 30 men working on the site - luckily just one was injured . Students at the London School of Economics have been evacuated and told to ` stay clear ' of the area . ` Some workers hurt . Shook the whole campus . Ambulances just arrived at LSE where the building fell down . It 's the old London School of Business building . ' Eyewitness Murat Akkulak , a research co-ordinator at the Royal College of Surgeons , told the BBC : ` There was a lot of dust but I could see there was a digger down amongst the rubble and one or two builders were running around trying to get someone out of the digger . ` They seem to have had a really lucky escape to me , because everything else had just collapsed around them . ' The incident comes just weeks after a fire on nearby Kingsway , which was caused by faulty electrical cables underground , sending thick clouds of smoke into the air - engulfing buildings . Dramatic photographs from the scene showed crowds of people on the street as power cuts hit office buildings . Onlookers reported ` struggling to breathe ' while later that night some 5,000 homes and businesses in central London were left without electricity following a huge power cut . Phone lines went down , thousands of workers fled their offices while West End shows including The Lion King , Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and The Play That Goes Wrong were all cancelled . Fire earlier this month : The fire on April 1 was said to have been caused by faulty electrical cables underground , sending thick clouds of smoke into the air - engulfing buildings . Dramatic photographs from the scene showed crowds of people on the street as power cuts hit office buildings . Onlookers reported ` struggling to breathe ' while later that night some 5,000 homes and businesses in central London were left without electricity following a huge power cut . Around ten days ago , a former commander of the Metropolitan Police 's elite Flying Squad has said the Hatton Garden gem heist could be linked to the fire . Speaking on LBC , John O'Connor , a highly experienced former police detective , said : ` I 've never heard of an outage of electricity like that causing a fire that lasted as long as that . That seems to me as too much of a coincidence . ' He also said that in his opinion , to succeed with such a complicated and ambitious crime , the gang must have had some inside help .