It looks like a cross between a catamaran and a hovercraft , but these strange vehicles are actually new new type of aircraft developed in China . Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China . The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient seaplane . The CYG-11 seaplane -LRB- above -RRB- uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide . The vehicles takes advantage of an aerodynamic phenomenon known as the wing-in-ground effect - where lift is increased and drag decreased when an aircraft 's wings are close to the ground . Length : 13m . Wingspan : 15.6 m . Weight : 3800 kg . Seats : 12 people . Maximum load : 1200 kg . Maximum range : 1500 km . Flight speed : 175 - 250 km/h . Flight height : 3-5 m . Wave height : 1.25 - 3 m . By placing the wings low on the fuselage of the aircraft , this effect is increased and the the result is an aircraft that essentially floats on a cushion of air . Engineers behind the CNY 5 billion -LRB- £ 500 million -RRB- project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles -LRB- 100 km -RRB- on 28 litres of fuel . With a maximum range of 930 miles -LRB- 1,500 km -RRB- , the aircraft can reach a top speed of 155 mph -LRB- 250 km/h -RRB- . The aircraft races over the wavetops at a height of between three to five metres -LRB- 9-15 feet -RRB- . The CYG-11 aircraft , which have been developed by the Hainan Yingge Wing in Ground Effect Craft Manufacturing Company with Russian engineers , can carry 10 passengers plus two flight crew . The company claims to have just finished building a larger version of the aircraft capable of carrying 40 people , but it hopes to develop bigger aircraft capable of carrying between 55 and 120 passengers . The Hainan Yingge Wing in Ground Effect Craft Manufacturing Company tested two prototypes of the plane . The prototypes are designed to carry two pilots -LRB- above -RRB- and 10 passengers but larger craft are in development . The plane can be used like a catamaran initially until it builds up enough speed to lift off from the ocean . It says the aircraft could find uses for coastal defence , customs patrols and perhaps even be used as the public transport of the future along ` marine highways ' . Gu Jianxin , a spokesman for the company , told the Southern Metropolis Daily : ` The current technology research and development has matured into mass production . ` The main plan is to invest in tourism , freight , maritime search and rescue and other aspects . ' The CYG-11 -LRB- above -RRB- has been developed with Russian engineers and could be used to patrol coastlines . The aircraft -LRB- above -RRB- is designed to fly at low level between 3 m and 5 m above the surface of the ocean . Engineers say the aircraft -LRB- above -RRB- could even provide public transport of the future along ` marine highways ' He estimates that it will cost around $ 20 million dollars for each vessel . Powered by two large propellers at the front of the aircraft , the CYG-11 can be driven in the sea much like a catamaran . Once it reaches flight speed the aircraft 's wings will begin to lift it off the ocean and it will glide along on a cushion of air . Huang Dong , one of the pilots who flew the aircraft during the tests , said : ` It felt like when you ride a motorboat then the feeling is just as comfortable as sitting on a plane . There are no boat bumps . ' The company are developing larger aircraft that they hope will be able to carry up to 120 passengers .