Adelaide Crows captain Taylor ` Tex ' Walker was pictured offering a helping hand to a seven-year-old girl who burst into tears just moments before leading the AFL side onto the field . Satine Cahill was serving as the team 's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday . But just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers , the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium . Scroll down for video . Adelaide Crows captain Taylor ` Tex ' Walker was pictured offering a helping hand to seven-year-old Satine Cahill who burst into tears just moments before leading the AFL side onto the field . She burst into tears and was pictured in the corner as Adelaide Crows staffer Kelly Modra tried to comfort the nervous schoolgirl . Tex quickly stepped up to help calm Satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field . The touching moment between the 24-year-old goal scorer and the blonde schoolgirl was captured by photographers and has been doing the rounds on social media . Satine Cahill was serving as the team 's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday when she became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium . Tex quickly stepped up to help calm the blonde pig-tailed girl down before taking her hand . The 24-year-old goal scorer held Satine 's hand tightly as he led her out onto the field in front of 47,000 fans in the stadium . Teammate Patrick Dangerfield approached the pair to help put Satine at ease . ` Patrick Dangerfield said that Taylor Walker had big ears , ' Satine told local newspaper the Victor Harbor Times . The joke helped put little Satine at ease and she was able to walk out onto the field . ` It was exciting and a little bit scary , ' she said . The touching moment between the 24-year-old goal scorer and the blonde schoolgirl was captured by photographers and started doing the rounds on social media . Satine described the experience as ` exciting and a little bit scary ' as she stood beside Taylor Walker . Satine 's mother , Tanya Cahill , said she was a little jealous of her daughter 's experience . ` I was really excited and proud of her , ' she said . ` It 's a big thing to be with big footballers . ' Satine 's family won tickets to the game through its membership with the Adelaide Crows Fleurieu Supporters Group . The Crows ended up downing North Melbourne by a massive 140 to 63 . The Crows ended up downing North Melbourne by a massive 140 to 63 .