A respected law professor from Philadelphia is being investigated after allegedly emailing students a link to pornographic footage . Lisa McElroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at Drexel University , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line : ` Great article on writing briefs . ' However , when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ` a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' . Lisa McElroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at Drexel University , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 baring the subject line : ` Great article on writing briefs ' Following a number of complaints , the college issued an apology to students . The message read : ` As you may be aware , some students erroneously received an email this morning directing them to a. . . post that included some inappropriate material . ` We take this matter seriously and apologize for any upset it may have caused . ' The university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature . McElroy did not immediately respond to an email sent to her university account by the Associated Press . When recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ` a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' While an internal investigation gets underway , it 's been reported that McElroy has been placed on administrative leave from Drexel University -LRB- seen above -RRB- . It 's not the first time the married mother-of-two has appeared in the spotlight . In 2010 she starred on Who Wants to be a Millionaire , where she took home $ 5,000 . She is also an accomplished author with a number of published biographies and children 's books . On her website , www.lisamcelroy.com , she describes herself as a ` Supreme Court junkie . ' She adds that her favorites ways of relaxing include ` crawling under the covers with a dog or two and a really good book ' or ` hanging out ' with her two adolescent daughters . Regarding the recent email scandal , David Lat - a lawyer and legal commenter - suggests she could have been ` hacked ' or made a ` copy/paste error ' . While an internal investigation gets underway , it 's been reported that McElroy has been placed on administrative leave .