Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has attracted both criticism and applause for her controversial decision to wear a headscarf during her visit to Iran . Bishop , who is Australia 's highest-ranking official to visit Iran in 12 years , donned a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif . Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom , while political commentators and politicians have also voiced their opinions . Scroll down for video . To veil or not to veil : Australia 's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a scarf during her visit to Iran . ` You respect the culture wherever you are ' : The Foreign Minister also met with her counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif , and later defended her wearing of the headscarf that sparked the debate . Accessories : Bishop also donned a hat during the trip , which attracted several unfortunate comparisons to Michael Jackson 's Smooth Criminal music video on social media . ` Good on #JulieBishop for respecting another country 's culture ! That 's true feminism , ' Twitter user Sawyer remarked . ` I 'm not religious but I am respectful . I do n't like Bishop but I 'm glad she respected Iran and their culture , ' Brianna Refalo added . While Westerners are not required by law to cover their heads , the Foreign Minister said she did so out of respect for the culture . ` When I went for an audience with the Pope , they told me I had to wear a scarf , ' the Foreign Minister told the Australian . ` So I wore a scarf . You respect the culture wherever you are . ' Criticism : Michelle Obama attracted criticism for refusing to cover her head at the funeral of Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah in January . Neither Hillary Clinton nor Condoleezza Rice were veiled for their trips to the Middle East during their tenures as US Secretary of State , except for when visiting Mosques . ` I support Julie Bishop wearing a head scarf while overseas ... but saying that it 's part of her daily outfit though , not so much , ' wrote Rodney Gordon on Twitter . The tweet was in reference to an earlier comment given by Bishop to Sydney Morning Herald , in which she appeared to deny her ensemble was purely political . ` As a matter of fact I wear scarves and hats and headgear quite often as part of my everyday wear , ' Bishop said . The hat and scarf combo Bishop later donned also attracted a number of unfortunate comparisons to Michael Jackson on social media . Opinion : Views on Twitter were divided ... while some just liked the sartorial style . Iranian Journalist and founder of Facebook page ` My Stealthy Freedom , Masih Alinejad , wrote a post calling for the Foreign Minister to raise the issue of the compulsory wearing of a hijab for women in Iran . ` Madam Bishop was asked not to give in to the compulsory veil and to raise her voice very much like numerous Iranian women who have started doing so , ' Alinejad wrote on Facebook . ` We also asked the Australian foreign minister to ask the officials of the Islamic Republic to respect her personal values and not to impose the compulsory veil on Iranian women . ' Iranian Journalist Masih Alinejad wrote a post on her Facebook group ` My Stealthy Freedom ' calling for the Foreign Minister to raise the issue of the compulsory wearing of a hijab for women in Iran during her visit . Meanwhile Opposition Leader Bill Shorten waded into the debate , following Andrew Bolt 's comments that Bishop should have ` stood up for Western values ' and that she looked ` ridiculous ' . ` I think it 's ridiculous to criticise Julie Bishop for wearing a headscarf in Iran , ' Mr Shorten said . ` Would they criticise Julie Bishop if she wore a scarf to meet the pope ? If I wore a yarmulke in Israel to certain events , I do n't think that would be inappropriate . ` What really matters here is regardless of Liberal or Labor , that our representatives when they go overseas behave in a sensible , non-ideological , pragmatic fashion . Going bare : Hillary Clinton did not don a scarf during her visit to Saudi Arabia as Secretary of State in 2012 . ... nor did Condoleezza Rice during her visit in 2007 . ` It just makes common sense that when you go to someone 's house , or indeed someone 's nation , you 're just a bit respectful of the customs and traditions of the place that you 're visiting . ' On Saturday Bishop hailed Iran 's efforts to crush the jihadist Islamic State group in Iraq , saying on a rare trip to Tehran that the militants can be defeated . Australia is part of an international coalition in Iraq and has 500 troops deployed there . Iran , though not part of the coalition , has run a parallel campaign using Shiite militias and military advisers to reverse the IS surge that came close to felling the Baghdad government last June . ` We are witnessing a more complex and dangerous form of terrorism with Daesh , ' Bishop said at a joint press conference , using an Arabic acronym to refer to the militant group . The Foreign Minister met with President Hassan Rouhani in Tehran on Saturday . ` Both countries can contribute in the fight against this terrorist organisation and put an end to the misery of the people in Iraq , ' she said , referring to Iran and Australia 's efforts . Iraq needs ` a strong and stable government ' added Bishop , who along with Zarif said Australia and Iran were in Iraq at the request of the Baghdad government in fighting IS . ` The fight against Daesh and terrorism in Iraq should be managed by the Iraqi government , ' Zarif said . ` Anything we do in Iraq is in coordination with the Iraqi government . ' From Iran , the Foreign Minister travels to Paris , Berlin and Brussels . She wrote on Twitter that the trip intends to ` advance Australia 's economic/security interests in Europe . '