US officials are expected to stop prosecuting families of American hostages who communicate with kidnappers abroad or raise funds and pay ransoms . A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group , ordered by the White House , is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in US hostage policy , ABC news reported on Sunday . The NCTC interviewed families of hostages , including the parents of journalist James Foley , who was killed by Islamic State fighters . The family of a US contractor held by Al-Qaeda militants , Warren Weinstein -LRB- above -RRB- , confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $ 250,000 . Foley 's mother Diane said that officials from President Barack Obama 's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son , and warned that her family could face prosecution for doing so . The Obama administration has denied making any such threats . ` There will be absolutely zero chance of any family member of an American held hostage overseas ever facing jail themselves , or even the threat of prosecution , for trying to free their loved ones , ' a senior official told ABC News . Meanwhile , the family of US contractor Warren Weinstein , who was snatched by Al-Qaeda in Pakistan in 2011 , confirmed it had paid a ransom to try to secure his release , which was in the amount of $ 250,000 , according to CBS News . A spokesman for the family said it had ` made every effort to engage with those holding him or those with the power to find and rescue him . ' ` This is an ordinary American family and they are not familiar with how one manages a kidnapping , ' the spokesman added . Hostage James Foley was killed by Islamic State fighters . His mother Diane said that officials from President Barack Obama 's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son . ` As such , they took the advice of those in government who deal with such issues on a regular basis and were disappointed that their efforts were not ultimately successful . ' It was unclear what sort of advice the family received from US government officials . Diane Foley welcomed the potential policy shift , which officials discussed with her last week . ` There 's a lot that needs to be fixed , ' she told ABC News . She said the past threats were ` the straw that broke the camel 's back . It was incredible . ' A number of hostage families expressed outrage after US Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl was freed by the Haqqani Network in Pakistan a year ago in exchange for the release of five Taliban leaders held at the Guantanamo Bay military prison . Army Lieutenant General Bennet Sacolick , who previously headed the elite Delta Force counterterrorism unit , is heading the hostage policy review team , along with his NCTC staff .