The FBI and NYPD said on Wednesday that a reward of up to $ 115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station . No one was injured . But Police Commissioner William Bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of March 6 . Officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates . FBI footage showed the Times Square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike . A bomb explodes outside the U.S. Armed Forces Recruiting Station in Times Square , New York on March 6 , 2008 . The FBI and NYPD announced on Wednesday that up to $ 115,000 was available for information relating to the attack . An explosive device detonated at the military recruitment center in Times Square . Fortunately no one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past . Authorities said the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in Iraq and Afghanistan . ` It was filled halfway with black powder and detonated using a time fuse , ' the law enforcers said in a statement . ` Although no one was wounded , the device could have caused significant casualties if people had been close to the blast . ' ` Someone knows those responsible for placing this device in the heart of New York City , ' said FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge Diego Rodriguez . ` We need those people to come forward to help us solve this crime before they can strike again . ' A statement from the FBI said the case remained a top priority of the FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force due to the seriousness of the crime . There was no statute of limitations . New York police officers with the bomb squad unit inspect the damage done by an explosive device to the military recruitment station . An abandoned bicycle recovered from the trash that police suspect was used in the bombing of the Times Square in March 2008 .