A mother-of-three has told of how a boob job saved her life -- as she discovered she had cancer after knocking one of her newly-enlarged breasts . Leza Davies , from Telford , Shropshire , believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence . The 33-year-old saved up £ 4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look . Then , in April 2012 , she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size . Scroll down for video . Leza Davies , 33 , says her boob job saved her life , after she discovered a cancerous lump when she knocked her breast implant on a door frame . Mrs Davies was told her cancer treatment would leave her infertile . But remarkably , she soon found out she was pregnant after finishing treatment . She is pictured with daughter Araya , now nine months . She found a pea-sized lump , which hospital tests revealed was cancerous . She began six months of chemotherapy , followed by radiotherapy and surgery and is now in remission . She says her implants saved her life , because as she did n't regularly check for lumps , without knocking her breast she might not have discovered the tumour until it was too late . It was after breastfeeding her first baby Brayden , who is now 12 , that Mrs Davies first decided she wanted a boob job . ` I was left with saggy breasts after feeding , ' she said . ` There was just no tissue left , so I decided to get implants to restore my confidence . ` I thought they would improve how I felt about myself . I did n't know they would save my life too . ' Mrs Davies , a semi-permanent makeup technician , said she was happy with her new breasts after having the procedure , and settled down to life as a new mother . She went on to have her daughter , Macy-Rayn , in 2010 . But , three years ago she was sorting through some laundry when she caught her breast on the door frame . Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer in the UK . In 2011 , just under 50,000 women were diagnosed with invasive breast cancer . Most women who get it -LRB- 8 out of 10 -RRB- are over 50 , but younger women , and in rare cases , men , can also get breast cancer . Most breast lumps are n't cancerous , but it 's always best to have them checked by a doctor . A person should see a GP if they notice any of the following symptoms : . * an area of thickened tissue . * nipple discharge , which may contain blood . * a change in the size or shape of your breasts . * dimpling on the skin of your breasts . * a rash on or around your nipples . * a change in your nipple 's appearance -- for example , becoming sunken into your breast . * persistent pain in your breasts or armpits . * a lump or swelling in your armpits . Source : NHS Choices . Rubbing the sore area , she felt a pea-sized lump and her husband Tristan , 36 , urged her to visit her GP . Mrs Davies said : ` I was only 30 and did n't think it would be anything to worry about . ` I just went to put my mind at ease . ` The doctor referred me to hospital for further tests . I was told it was very unlikely to be anything sinister , but they wanted to be cautious . ' A few weeks later doctors advised her to have a lumpectomy test , and this confirmed she had cancer , which is extremely unusual in someone her age . While breast cancer is the most common type of cancer in the UK , 8 out of ten women who get it are over 50 years old . Mrs Davies describes the pure terror of being given such a diagnosis . She said : ` I was devastated . I just kept crying thinking I was going to die and imagining my children growing up without me . ' That July , she began six months of chemotherapy and radiotherapy , but the cancer had spread to the lymph nodes surrounding her breast . She then had an operation to remove five lymph nodes containing cancerous cells , and afterwards doctors were confident she was in remission . However , they said the treatment would probably leave her unable to have more children . She explained : ` Afterwards , they told me they 'd got all the cancer but that I would n't have anymore children as a result of the treatment . ` I would have liked more , but I was already lucky enough to have one of each and was just so happy to be alive . ` All thanks to my boob job . ' Mrs Davies only went to her GP about the lump she had found because husband Tristan , 36 -LRB- pictured here with her on their wedding day -RRB- begged her to go . Mrs Davies says her implants saved her life and will allow her to see her children , including her youngest baby Araya -LRB- pictured -RRB- grow up . Now , she urges all women to check their breasts for lumps . However , she soon suspected she might be pregnant and took a test , which revealed she was , in fact expecting . Her daughter Araya-Maye , is now nine months old , sister to Brayden , 12 and Macy-Rayn , five . She describes Araya-Maye as her ` second miracle ' . ` The first is discovering the lump . It was less than a centimetre in size , so if I had n't knocked my breast , I would never have felt it . ' ` Who knows what would have happened ? I never checked my breasts . I would n't in a million years have thought it was necessary at my age . ` I thought breast cancer was something that affected older women . ` Having implants was a confidence thing . I wanted to be able to wear a bikini and feel good about myself . ` But if they 'd stayed the same size I would never have knocked them . ` My implants saved my life . I 'd ask all women -- however young -- to check their breasts . ' One in five women later diagnosed with breast cancer had originally put off making a GP appointment for at least four weeks . Thousands of women are risking their lives by waiting more than a month before seeing their GP after spotting breast cancer symptoms . One in five diagnosed with the disease had put off making an appointment for at least four weeks , allowing the cancer time to spread and potentially reducing their chance of survival . And one in 20 had delayed seeing the doctor for more than six months , according to a survey of patients . Some said they were scared about what they might be told , while others were worried they would be seen as a nuisance . Women in their fifties and sixties were among the worst culprits , the poll by the charity Breast Cancer Care found , because they wrongly assumed they were in the clear after they had been through menopause . Britain has one of the worst cancer survival rates in Europe and this has been blamed on the disease being detected too late . Breast cancer patients in the UK have a five-year survival rate of 81 per cent , lagging behind many European countries , with France , Italy and Sweden boasting an 83 per cent survival rate back in the mid-1990s .