Tom Varndell helped himself to a hat-trick against London Welsh as Wasps won away from home in the Aviva Premiership for the first time in 2015 to keep their top-six hopes alive . Ahead of the trip to the Kassam Stadium , Wasps ' hunt for an automatic European Rugby Champions Cup spot next season had stuttered after winning just one of their previous five fixtures in all competitions . However , they claimed a 40-13 win over Welsh with tries from Varndell , Ashley Johnson , Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua . Tom Varndell crosses for one of his three tries as Wasps ran out comfortable winners at the Kassam Stadium . It was far from plain sailing for Wasps , though as the Exiles , whose defeat to Bath last time out confirmed that they will finish bottom of the table , trailed 12-5 at half-time after Opeti Fonua bundled over after the first two of Varndell 's tries . But Johnson dotted down and Varndell added his third before Tagicakibau secured the bonus point for Wasps , with Alapati Leiua getting in on the act with the last play of the game . Chris Elder scored Welsh 's second try of the match in the second period . Wasps got off to a fast start at the Kassam as they went 12 points clear after as many minutes . The visitors found the tryline after only four minutes as Varndell broke down the right flank and scored in the corner , veteran fly-half Andy Goode converting well from a tight angle . Welsh then went down to 14 men eight minutes later when Koree Britton was sent to the sin bin for pulling down a maul and Wasps instantly capitalised as Varndell grabbed his second try . Seb Stegmann is tackled by Carlo Festuccia as the exiles put up a fight , but faded away again . Alapati Leiua breaks away to score a late try as Wasps pulled away in the closing stages . The Exiles crept back into the game , though , keeping the pressure on Wasps ' defence and Fonua forced his way through to make it 12-5 , Tristan Roberts kicking the conversion side . Welsh started the second half well and Roberts made amends for his earlier miss as he calmly kicked a penalty between the posts to reduce the arrears even further . But Wasps soon began to dominate and a lineout close to the try-line was bundled over by Johnson in his first start as hooker . Then a swift break down the right saw Varndell free to run back around the Welsh defence and score under the posts for his hat-trick . Elder scored a try out of nowhere four minutes later for the Exiles on his Aviva Premiership debut , as he found space on the left wing to touch down in the corner . Wasps instantly replied though as Tagicakibau finished a great run through the centre by reaching for the line . And the game ended on a high for Wasps as Leiua finished the scoring with a darting run through the middle . James Cannon wins a line-out for Wasps ahead of London Welsh 's Matt Corker as Wasps recovered their form . Andy Goode adds extras as Wasps renewed their chase for a European Champions Cup place .