A man has narrowly avoided jail time for impersonating a police officer to ` deviously ' track down his wife and child at a women 's refuge . On Friday , Ruben Costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force , but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence , according to the NT News . The incident occurred when the Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions . Ruben Costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force , but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence . The father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone , claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area . Costa was unable to contact his wife but , assuming she had left in a taxi , lied about his identity in a conversation with the taxi company to hunt down his spouse . The father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone , claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area . Prosecutor Marilyn Lester told the Darwin Magistrates Court that Costa told the taxi operator that he was searching for a woman who had abducted a young boy . The taxi company put a call out to all staff and subsequently located Costa 's wife and son at women 's shelter . The incident occurred when the Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions -LRB- stock pic -RRB- . When Costa received this information he confronted his wife at the shelter , resulting in an argument . According to Costa 's defence lawyer Peter Orr , Costa has been denied access to his son since the altercation . Orr insisted that Costa 's actions were due to serious worry and concern . Magistrate Cavanagh told the Darwin Magistrates Court that Costa 's actions were ` devious and dishonest ' , according to the NT News . However , he was spared a prison sentence due to his ` remorse , work ethic and high standing in the community . Prosecutor Marilyn Lester told the Darwin Magistrates Court that Costa told the taxi operator that he was searching for a woman who had abducted a young boy .