This was the moment a woman frantically struggled to stay afloat after tumbling from a punt in Cambridge . And the terror etched on her face is very real , because she can not swim . The woman , who was with three friends , is believed to have lost her footing and fallen from the deck after her punt hit another boat . She disappeared under the waters of the Cam several times , screaming for help each time she resurfaced . Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out . Scroll down for video . As the sun made its long-awaited appearance , a woman believed to be in her 20s , had to be rescued from the River Cam , Cambridge , after almost drowning while punting -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- . Safety : The woman , who could n't swim , was pulled to safety by her friends after she disappeared under the water for several seconds . The tourist , who was standing up on the punt ferrying three friends , is believed to have fallen into the freezing water after her vessel hit another boat in the university city . She was bundled into her rescuers ' punt by her friends and could be seen holding her head in her hands . An onlooker to Saturday 's drama said : ` I heard a splash and a cheer went up , which is what normally happens when someone falls in . A woman was flapping about and two people in the punt jumped in and grabbed her . ` It took them about 15 to 30 seconds to get to her and the whole thing only lasted a minute but she did go under a few times . It was n't nice to watch . For someone who ca n't swim to be standing on a slippery punt is just bonkers . ` The Cam is at least six to seven feet deep in places . Everyone involved was in shock and shaking afterwards . ' Meanwhile , Britons were given their first taste of spring with temperatures reaching nearly 21C - marking the hottest day of the year so far . With forecasters predicting temperatures higher than in Rome and Athens , families flocked to parks , beaches and promenades across the UK to make the most of the balmy Easter weather . Teresa Kingston inspects the bloomed daffodils amid the blue skies and warm sunshine around Alnwick Castle in Northumberland today . The daffodils shone in the sunshine as temperatures soared to their high teens , thanks to a high band of pressure across the UK . Spring 's here : Tilly , two , makes the most of the unseasonably warm Easter weather as she enjoys a paddle at Whitsand Bay , Cornwall . The girl , pictured with her mother Tessa , was among hundreds of Britons who flocked to beaches and parks today to enjoy the sunshine . Crowds flocked to Bamburgh beach in Northumberland today , making the most of the soaring temperatures and bright sunshine . Northumberland was one of the warmest areas today , although the high temperatures are likely to move south as the week goes on . The glimpse of sunshine brought families , swimmers , surfers and dog-walkers out in droves along the stretch of sand . Yesterday , highs of 20.5 C were recorded in Aboyne , Aberdeenshire - some 4C higher than the previously recorded hottest day of the year . And according to experts , today 's unseasonably warm weather is just the beginning of a week-long spell of sunshine , which could stick around until the end of the week . By Friday , temperatures could again reach highs of 21C in the south of England , prompting a glorious weekend of sunshine . That will come after a largely dry and bright week , which will see above average temperatures across most of the British Isles . Met Office Forecaster Craig Snell said : ` By Friday , it could be 19C or 20C down towards the south of England . Although it will be more unsettled across parts of Scotland , it will be a fine week for the second part of the Easter holidays . ' Today , parts of Scotland and Northumberland basked in temperatures of 18C , while the mercury also hovered around 17C in parts of Devon and Cornwall , Somerset and the Midlands . But sea fog lingered over the north west keeping Blackpool and Cumbria murky . Parts of the south coast , including Brighton , Norfolk and East Anglia , also stayed cloudy , but saw some sunny spells . Mr Snell said this morning : ` North east England and the east coast of Scotland could experience the warmest day of the year so far where temperatures are expected to be between 17C and 18C . This three-day forecast shows sunny spells today across Scotland and south west of England , while the next few days will be warm , despite lingering cloud in some parts . A surfer stands and watches the sunrise before heading out for a morning Easter surf today at Saltburn . The sunrise , which cast ribbons of pale pink and purple across the sky , marked the start of a warm , sunny day across most of the UK . Children rode their bikes through the water fountains in Millenium Square in Bradford after the early grey clouds gave way to sunshine . The weather is the start of a week-long spell of sunshine , which will create a fine week for schoolchildren in their second week of holidays . As the sun shines , children are seen playing in the water fountains in Millennium Square in Bradford on Easter Sunday . The mercury had been expected to reach higher than in Mediterranean hotspots such as Rome and Athens . Pictured : A cyclist enjoying the warm weather in Bute Park , Cardiff . Today 's warm temperatures are the beginning of a week-long spell of sunshine , which forecasters say will remain until the end of the week . Pictured : A girl relaxes in Bute Park , Cardiff , today . The mercury was also expected to hover around 17C in parts of Devon and Cornwall , Somerset , south Wales -LRB- pictured -RRB- and the Midlands . ` If temperatures reach 17.6 C it will beat the 17.5 -LRB- 63.5 -RRB- recorded in Northern Ireland on March 7 , which was the warmest day of the year so far . ` Newcastle , the Northumbrian coast , Edinburgh and Aberdeen are expected to be particularly warm . There is a band of high pressure over all of the UK with quiet weather expected over the country . ` The best of the sunshine will be across parts of Wales and south west England and north east England and the best of the sunshine will be there too . The south west coast of Wales is also expected to be nice . ' He added : ` Those wanting to experience the best of the Easter weekend should head to Devon and Cornwall and Northumberland nd should avoid Blackpool and the Norfolk coast . ' The picturesque Backs in Cambridge were particularly busy this afternoon , as punters made the most of the brighter Bank Holiday weather after a week of storms and rain . A scooter is ridden along the sea front this morning in Scarborough , as part of the Scarborough Scooter Rally . Others relaxed on the nearby beach , enjoying the balmy temperatures . It reached 21.5 in parts of Scotland today . Hundreds of sun-seekers were also spotted in Bournemouth , where temperatures dipped to around 14C due to the sea breeze . Sarah Anderson , 38 , from Bournemouth , said : ` It definitely feels like winter is behind us and the temperatures are going to get hotter from now on . ` So often Bank Holidays in this country are a bit of a washout so when the sun comes out you have to make the most of it . ' Meanwhile , a distressed pregnant woman was rescued from the sea after her yacht capsized . The woman was sailing with her partner when they were thrown from the boat and had to cling to the wreckage of the sinking trimaran near Dungeness , Kent . Dover Coastguard crews reached the couple after spotting a lit red flare and the pair were flown to William Harvey Hospital . Bob Giles , Dover Coastguard watch manager , said : ` The couple were thrown into the water after their vessel capsized . ` Both were wearing lifejackets and the man , ensured that his partner was safe , then tied a rope around himself and dived under the vessel to retrieve a flare so that he could alert rescuers to their position . ` Because they had AIS -LRB- automatic identification system -RRB- on board they were easy to locate and so were rescued quickly . The warmest Easter on record was in on April 23 , 2011 , when the mercury hit 27.8 C . The coldest was on March 31 , 2013 , when it plunged to -12.5 C. Martina Cibis , who lives in Salisbury , takes a photograph of a tree in spring-time blossom in Imperial Square and Gardens in Cheltenham . Martina Cibis -LRB- left -RRB- and her mother Hanna Cibis -LRB- right -RRB- take photographs of a tree in blossom in Imperial Square and Gardens in Cheltenham . Karina and Slawek , from Cheltenham , enjoy ice creams in the sunshine while sat on a bench in the gardens .