Not only does Gareth Bale definitely want to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of this season but he is determined to win over some of the hardest to please supporters in football and become the best player in the world . Sportsmail can reveal that is the unswerving message from the world 's most expensive player . And it is one that is not set to change regardless of how persistent the rumours of a possible switch to Manchester United become . Bale is injured and out of Wednesday 's Euroderby II showdown with Atletico Madrid . Carlo Ancelotti has already gone on record as to just how important he believes the Welshman is to Real Madrid . Gareth Bale is adamant that he wants to stay at Real Madrid despite strong interest from Manchester United . Bale has scored 17 goals for Real this season but has still bee criticised by supporters . Bale holds off the challenge of Atletico forward Raul Garcia during Champions League quarter-final . He said last week : ` He had a fantastic season last year and he is having a very good season this time . He did very well for us in the finals that we played and we need him for this season 's run-in too . ' Real Madrid 's £ 86million player is hoping to be back in time for the Champions League semi-finals should the holders qualify . His future continues to be the source of much speculation with Manchester United desperate to make a signing that would send shockwaves throughout world football and immediately install them as favourites to win the Premier League next season . Real Madrid have also privately declared their interest in making David de Gea the long-term successor to Iker Casillas , just as he is expected to be in the Spain side . Bale is out of Real 's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico on Wednesday . The Wales international injured his calf during Saturday 's 3-1 win against Malaga after just two minutes . The possibility of a Bale-plus-cash move for De Gea this summer would certainly suit United and please those Real Madrid supporters who fail to see the value of Bale and those goals that won the club three trophies last year , but the player remains adamant that his future is in Madrid . In nearly all transfer wrangles the player gets what he wants over and above the desires of the clubs involved and it seems highly unlikely that he will be wearing anything other than a white shirt next season such is his desire to ride out the storm in Madrid . He had a sensational first season in Spain winning four trophies and scoring in the Copa del Rey , Champions League and World Club Cup finals . This season he has been the target of some post-decima criticism and even booed at times in his own stadium but he is determined to win over fans who have jeered some of the greatest players in history in their time . Bale enjoyed a standout first season in Madrid and won the Champions League and the Copa del Rey . The former Tottenham star scored a decisive goal in extra-time during the Champions League final last season . He wants to emulate Cristiano Ronaldo , who also had to change the minds of the disgruntled masses , and to eventually follow in his Ballon d'Or footsteps . At the moment Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are a considerable cut above everything else in football but Bale sees himself up against Barcelona 's Neymar as the young pretenders trying to dethrone football 's greatest . In the Spanish capital , while no one expects him to leave this summer , nobody sees Bale 's desire to stay put as something that would necessarily prevent De Gea from arriving at the Santiago Bernabeu at the end of the season to become his team-mate . Carlo Ancelotti said recently that if the club acquired a better goalkeeper than Casillas then the Spain international would lose his place and De Gea is the man most supporters and the club directors identify as the one keeper who would justify the coach leaving out the legend . Real Madrid would like to sign Manchester United goalkeeper to be long-term successor to Iker Casillas . De Gea punches clear under a challenge from John Terry during Saturday 's defeat by Chelsea . De Gea 's girlfriend continues to live in Madrid and her recent unflattering comments about Manchester did little to quell rumours that family pressures are being applied on the keeper to return to Spain . He appears no closer to signing a new contract and last year Louis van Gaal made sure he installed Victor Valdes - a keeper he knows from his Barcelona days - as De Gea 's No 2 . Valdes was given his debut by the Dutchman and stories coming out of Old Trafford suggest that for all his heroic shot stopping , Van Gaal does not see De Gea as in anyway irreplaceable . De Gea spent one season in the Atletico first team before joining United in 2011 for £ 18million . All that points to the possibility of a return to Madrid where he previously represented Atletico but left after only one season in the first team . Despite his Atletico past he has none of the emotional pull that Fernando Torres once had leading him to declare he would never play for Real . The supporters would welcome him . Currently if they had to choose between De Gea and Bale they would opt for the goalkeeper providing there was a considerable cash bonus for sending Bale back to Britain . But they do n't believe it will be necessary . They see both men lining-up for them next season . Bale 's desire to stay in Spain will keep him at Madrid . It only remains to be seen just how much De Gea wants to join him in the Spanish capital .