A Labour councillor 's son accused of trying to enter Syria illegally with eight family members has been arrested as he landed back in the UK . University student Waheed Ahmed , 21 , from Rochdale , Greater Manchester , was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police . He was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers last night . Ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children ranging from a one-year-old baby to an 11-year-old - were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1 . Scroll down for video . Arrested : Waheed Ahmed , the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor , has been held at Birmingham Airport after returning for allegedly trying to sneak into Syria with eight members of his family -LRB- pictured in Turkey -RRB- . Convoy : Ahmed was seen being moved by Turkish police on Sunday and then put on a Monarch-operated Flight from Dalaman which landed at Birmingham Airport at 12.14 am today . They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border with Syria in the town of Reyhanli earlier this month . Ahmed was filmed leaving Antakya police station in the Hatay Province in southern Turkey and getting on a coach to Antalya , which is 500 miles to the west , on Sunday . And he is believed to have arrived back in the UK on Monarch-operated Flight ZB 909 from Dalaman which landed at Birmingham Airport at 12.14 am today . Greater Manchester Police said they are working to ensure the safe return of the rest of the group , which included four children aged one , three , eight and 11 . In a statement , the force said : ` In the early hours of Tuesday 14 April 2015 , a 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of Commission , Preparation or Instigation of acts of Terrorism at Birmingham Airport ' . All smiles : Waheed Ahmed looks relaxed as he begins his journey back to the UK after being caught trying to sneak into Syria with eight family members . On the way home : The 21-year-old , sporting a shaved head , was filmed being escorted from a vehicle . Late yesterday a 31-year-old man was arrested in Rochdale for the same offence . Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed arriving back at his home today bur he refused to comment on his son 's arrest . Fellow passengers said they were held in their seats before a man thought to be Ahmed , from Rochdale , Greater Manchester , was whisked off the plane . One man who was on the flight said : ` We landed and taxied to the terminal and then there was an announcement over the tannoy . ` It said someone needed special assistance and we had to remain in our seats . ` Then a plain-clothed policeman got on the plane and escorted someone off . It was quite far away from me so I could n't make out what they looked like . ` There were other police officers on the tarmac too and they got into a car and drove off . It all happened very quickly . ' Other travellers said they saw a police van and car driving away from a side exit at the airport shortly after the plane landed . The student 's father , Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed - who has been pictured with party leader Ed Miliband - previously said he wanted his son ` to come home as soon as possible ' . Mr Ahmed , who sits on Rochdale Borough Council , thought his son had been in Birmingham on a work placement when he discovered that he had been detained in Turkey . Police searched the councillor 's home earlier this month for clues about why Ahmed had travelled to the country . In a statement Councillor Shakil Ahmed said : ` My son is a good Muslim and his loyalties belong to Britain , so I do n't understand what he 's doing there . ` If I thought for a second that he was in danger of being radicalised , I would have reported him to the authorities . ` He 's studying a degree in politics and sociology at Manchester University and has a good future ahead of him . ' Waheed Ahmed , 21 , is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed -LRB- pictured above with Ed Miliband -RRB- . Greater Manchester Police and the North West Counter Terrorism Unit have launched an investigation to establish why the group apparently tried to enter Syria . Assistant Chief Constable Ian Wiggett said the primary concern was the ` safety and welfare ' of the children , and efforts were being made to ensure a ` full safeguarding strategy ' was in place upon their return . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .