A restaurant which accidentally served an alcoholic drink to a 10-year-old girl has blamed the mix-up on her mother for leaving her daughter on her own to go out for a cigarette . Ashley Dodds , 29 , visited the Red Hot World Buffet on Deansgate , Manchester , with her daughter , Dennon , and her daughter 's friend . After ordering a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss ` mocktail ' for the girls , Ms Dodds was disgusted when she heard that her daughter had actually been drinking an alcoholic version . The menu : Ashley Dodds , 29 , holds up the ` mocktails ' list she ordered drinks from for daughter Dennon at the Red Hot World Buffet in Manchester . Restaurant staff accidentally served the girl a drink with alcohol in it . Restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed the incident on Ms Dodds for leaving her daughter alone while she went for a cigarette . Ms Dodds , from Salford , said : ` It is unbelievable . They are so unprofessional . ` How dare they blame it on me . It makes me out to be a bad mother but they made the mistake . ' Explaining what happened , she added : ` I ordered my daughter and her friend Sweet Kisses , and a bit later me and my friend decided to go for a cigarette . ` I went to the counter to ask for two more Sweet Kisses to be taken over to them , then went downstairs for a cigarette . When I came back up my daughter just blurted out saying `` mum , I 've had alcohol '' . ' Dining out : Inside the Red Hot World Buffet in Deansgate , Manchester . The restaurant admitted to the mishap but blamed Ms Dodds for leaving her daughter and a friend unattended and going outside for a cigarette . Ms Dodds , who works at a Nando 's restaurant , was horrified to learn that instead of Sweet Kisses , staff at the Red Hot World Buffet had placed two Sex on the Beach cocktails in front of the girls while the adults were away from the table . She said : ` I took a big swig of the drink and thought , wow these have alcohol in them . I was baffled why there was n't a manager out to explain what had happened . ' The order had been mistaken for a non-alcoholic Safe Sex on the Beach , but accidentally made as a normal Sex on the Beach with vodka . The unhappy mother , who said she tries to shelter Dennon from anything too adult for her age , also thinks mocktail menus should not be alluding to anything sexual . Poor service : Ms Dodds with her receipt from the Red Hot World Buffet , which shows the two Safe Sex on the Beach cocktails she ordered after visiting the restaurant . The Red Hot World Buffet said : ` We did serve something wrong , however putting it into context the issue was the lady went outside for a cigarette and left the children unattended . We were quite bothered by that ' ` I would n't even let Dennon look at the menu because it said Sex on the Beach , and a Virgin Mojito , and I do n't want her reading that stuff , ' she said . ` I do n't even want her thinking about that kind of stuff . ` I told the manager that at the end of the day the mocktail menu is non-alcoholic so you are mainly aiming at children , but was told that was n't necessarily the case . ' A spokesman for Red Hot World Buffet said : ` We did serve something wrong , however putting it into context the issue was the lady went outside for a cigarette and left the children unattended . ` We were quite bothered by that as it 's quite unusual to leave two small children out of sight . This was an accident and there was some confusion with the order , but there is a responsibility for parents to stay with their children . '