A leading hospital has slashed cases of a deadly infection that can kill newborn babies -- by defying national guidelines to offer all pregnant women a simple screening test . Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep , known as GBS . This is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year . One in ten will die . Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be ` at risk ' . Scroll down for video . Belinda Bowman , 37 , lost her daughter Lily after she contracted GBS during labour and developed meningitis and septicaemia . She was just three days old . But a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested and subsequently treated with antibiotics . The only recorded cases during the 12-month programme affected babies of women who had not agreed to be tested . Crucially , clinicians noted that half of the women who tested positive for GBS would not have been classified as ` at risk ' under the current guidelines -- so their babies would not have been protected . The UK National Screening Committee carried out a review in 2012 in collaboration with the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists , the Royal College of Midwives and NHS England . It concluded that not all women who test positive for GBS will go on to develop the infection or pass it on to their babies , so blanket screening would mean pregnant women would be unnecessarily given antibiotics , which carry their own risks to the foetus . Some studies link antibiotics used in pregnancy and labour to obesity and asthma . In premature babies an increased risk of cerebral palsy has been associated with use of some antibiotics in labour . Yet these results confound the decision , prompting calls for the Government to introduce universal testing for pregnant women during standard ante-natal appointments , as is the case in Germany , France and the US . A programme which offered screening to all expectant women at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested . Jane Plumb , chief executive of the charity Group B Strep Support , said : ` The risk-based strategy has failed to reduce the rate of GBS infection , and these findings contradict the party line that the risks of screening every woman would outweigh the benefits . ' The consultant microbiologist who introduced the screening programme at Northwick Park , Dr Guduru Gopal Rao , said : ` There was a substantial burden of infection in our local community which was not being prevented by the national guidelines . ` Our work shows that GBS screening of all expectant mothers can work and is likely to be more effective than the current risk based approach . ' Dr Richard Nicholl , consultant neonatal paediatrician at London North West Healthcare NHS Trust , said he had seen more than 100 babies with GBS in 20 years . He said : ` It can lead to serious illness and high mortality rates so it is much better to prevent the infection , rather than attempt to treat it . ` Since we began our comprehensive screening programme , I have not seen a new case in the babies of the mothers we have screened . ' The makers of a new style of leggings claim they will reduce the appearance of cellulite in just 30 days , thanks to the garment 's ` dimple-destroying ' crystal technology . The Crystal Smooth Anti-Cellulite leggings are made from a fibre woven with bio-active crystals , which absorb body heat to stimulate blood flow and lymphatic drainage . GBS is the most common cause of infection in newborn babies in the UK . Harmless when carried by women , it can prove fatal to babies who contract it when passing through the birth canal . Many develop meningitis and septicaemia and , if they survive , can be left with life-altering disabilities . Known as the enhanced culture method , the test simply involves taking a swab from the woman . It would cost the NHS approximately £ 11 per patient . Belinda Bowman , 37 , lost her daughter Lily after she contracted GBS during labour and developed meningitis and septicaemia . She was just three days old . Belinda , who has three older children , had asked a midwife for a GBS test when she went to be induced at St Peter 's Hospital , Chertsey , in May 2013 after noticing some unusual discharge . But she was told it was ` not standard practice ' and there was ` no reason ' to give her test . Mrs Bowman said : ` What hurts most is that Lily 's death was entirely preventable . ' Mrs Bowman is now involved in a legal battle with the hospital over claims that staff repeatedly failed to spot how seriously ill Lily was after her birth . She is being represented by law firm Leigh Day . Bond girl Naomie 's on a fitness mission . She 's the British Bond girl with a body to die for . Now the secret of Miss Moneypenny Naomie Harris 's killer figure is out , after the actress was spotted at a fitness class at Champneys health spa near Tring , Hertfordshire . The star , 38 , pictured with 007 Daniel Craig at the Skyfall premiere in Rome , tried out the Essentrics class at Champneys health spa near Tring , in Hertfordshire . The star , 38 , tried out the spa 's Essentrics class during a break to recharge her batteries after filming the upcoming Bond blockbuster , Spectre . The Essentrics method promises to sculpt and strengthen the waist , legs and bottom . A source said : ` Naomie checked in for a weekend and was keen to try out Essentrics . It really works those muscles .