Security will be beefed up for Anzac Day after five teenagers who were plotting an Islamic State-inspired terror attack were arrested in pre-dawn raids . Prime Minister Tony Abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across Australia to keep the public safe on April 25 . Two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne 's south-east after police were tipped off about an imminent attack on Anzac Day ceremonies . Scroll down for video . Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged people to continue with their Anzac Day plans , adding security would be ramped up on the day . Sevdet Besim , 18 , has been remanded in custody after appearing briefly in Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday . Besim , from Hallam , has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts . Another 18-year-old , from Hampton Park , is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act and remains in custody . Mr Abbott has urged Australians not to be deterred by the alleged terror plot and continue with their plans to attend centenary commemorations . Sevdet Besim has been charged in relation to an alleged terror plot targeting Anzac Day ceremonies . One of the houses in Hallam - in Melbourne 's south-east - that were raided in the early hours of Saturday morning . Two cars were parked outside the Hallam house on Saturday following police raids in relation to an alleged terror plot . ` The best thing you can do in the face of those who would do us harm is to live your life normally , ' Mr Abbott said . He also praised the professionalism of police conducting the early morning raids in metropolitan Melbourne . There were no other specific threats to Anzac Day events in other cities , but Mr Abbott said there would be a strong police presence across Australia nonetheless . Security at the Gallipoli ceremony was a matter for the Turkish government , but Australia had been co-operating in the lead up to the event . Four thousand Turkish police and security personnel would be deployed on the peninsula . ` I want to assure people that everything authorities can do to keep you safe is being done , ' Mr Abbott said . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott -LRB- right -RRB- and Australian Federal Police Deputy Commissioner Michael Phelan -LRB- left -RRB- address a media conference in Sydney on Saturday . There were no other specific threats to Anzac Day events in other cities , but Mr Abbott said there would be a strong police presence across Australia nonetheless . Anzac Day ceremonies will take place across the country on April 25 to celebrate 100 years since the landing at Gallipoli . Federal Police Deputy Commissioner Michael Phelan lamented that radicalised people could harm others even with rudimentary weapons . ` All you need these days is a knife , a flag and a camera and one can commit a terrorist act , ' he told reporters . Deputy Commissioner Phelan acknowledged police did not have the luxury of time in dealing with potential terrorism plots , unlike in drug investigations . They had to act as soon as they thought the public were at risk . Three of the five men who arrested after the raids were released following questioning for most of Saturday . It is expected one of them - a 18-year-old from Narre Warren - will be charged on summons with weapons offences . Two other Narre Warren men , aged 18 and 19 , have been released pending further enquiries . Dubbed Operation Rising , more than 200 heavily-armed officers swooped on the Melbourne 's south-east about 3 am on Saturday , executing search warrants in Narre Warren , Hampton Park , Hallam and Eumemmerring , arresting the men and seizing knives and swords . Authorities have refused to give details of the alleged plot but say police at Anzac activities around Melbourne were the immediate target .