The 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the Masters next week told Sportsmail of his immense relief that he held on to claim the last spot . Paul Casey was at home in Arizona when the matter was decided last Sunday and admitted he went through all sorts of agonies as his Augusta fate swung back and forth . The Englishman got in due to staying in the world 's top 50 but at one point , as events unfolded in Morocco and at the Texas Open , he was projected to fall to 54th . Paul Casey , pictured in action last month , is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters . ` I was very relieved and now I am just so excited , ' said Casey , who made the last of his eight Masters appearances in 2012 . ` On the outside looking in is hardly where you want to be for the season 's first major . I 've missed the whole experience . ' The classy ball striker has got all the tools to do well at Augusta and showed as much when he forced his way into contention on several occasions . The 37-year-old finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004 and actually led in 2007 after five holes of the final round . He then called a penalty shot on himself at the sixth after his ball moved a fraction when he addressed it with his putter . Casey finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004 and actually led in 2007 after five holes of the final round . It 's a stupid rule that has subsequently been changed and Casey said , smiling : ' It would be nice to wind the clock back , would n't it ? It did affect me for a few holes and I fell away -LRB- he finished 10th -RRB- . But I 'm going back a lot wiser and far better equipped if I got in contention again . ' Casey will wrap up his preparation at the Shell Houston Open , the site of his only PGA Tour victory . Also in the field are Justin Rose , Lee Westwood and a quartet of high class Americans in Jordan Spieth , Patrick Reed , Rickie Fowler and Phil Mickelson . Meanwhile , there 's still no word on whether Tiger Woods will play the Masters , although he did at least declare his intent by pitching up for a practice round at Augusta on Tuesday .