Faced with deplorable conditions at a ` horrendous ' hotel in Cyprus , two lads from Cambridge tried to make the most of it by creating a hilarious video diary for their friends back home . The three-and-a-half minute video , titled ` Never letting him book a hotel again ' , offers a glimpse into every traveller 's nightmare -- dirty rooms , antiquated or broken amenities and a swimming pool no one would dare to enter . With scenes reminiscent of The Inbetweeners films , the video was created by Patrick Miller and his friend , Damien , who stayed at the family-run hotel last week when they travelled to the Mediterranean island for a friend 's wedding . Patrick Miller , from Cambridge , ` swims ' in the shallow end of the pool , which does n't have any water . The deep end of the swimming pool at the hotel was filled with green sludge , dead insects and debris . Patrick Miller , a self-employed personal trainer , created the amusing video with friend Damien Rigden . Patrick said in the video , which has thousands of views on Facebook and YouTube , that he allowed Damien to book the room , and they thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights . But it did n't live up to its billing and it did n't match the photos they saw online , as the pair were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever . At the start of the tongue-in-cheek video , Patrick tells the camera : ` I left all the planning to him . ` He booked the accommodation and flights . He told me it was a four-star hotel , I was chuffed , and this little video 's going to show you how it panned out . ' Patrick 's friend , Damien , stands under an outdoor shower , which no longer works , near the swimming pool . This screen grab from the pair 's video shows the hot tub filled with stagnant water and dead flies . The pair explored the hotel , including bathrooms with exposed pipes or missing toilets , in the video . It shows the pair looking annoyed during a flight delay at the airport before they were ` squashed ' on the plane with very little legroom . Things got worse at the hotel , where they found an unstaffed and empty bar , and a disgusting scene inside the outdoor swimming pool . Patrick , wearing his swimming trunks , decides to get a closer look at he climbs down the rickety ladder . The self-employed personal trainer says : ` I might go for a quick dip . Do n't mind if I do . It 's lovely in here ' . Patrick Miller stands in uncut , waist-high grass on the grounds of the ` four-star ' hotel in Cyprus . The lads ' hotel room overlooked a dirty car park , where a lorry was abandoned , and a busy road . The camera then pans to show him ` swimming ' on the floor of the shallow end of the pool , which has no water . It then pans even further to the deep end , which is filled with green sludge , dead insects and debris . They find the same problems when Patrick checks out the hot tub . He sarcastically tells Damien : ` Oh , ledge , I fancy a Jacuzzi before we play tennis . Oh no , I think there 's a fly in the water . ' Later scenes show a tennis court without the net strung up , an outdoor shower that does n't work , a depressing hotel room view of a dirt car park with an abandoned lorry , paint peeling off the walls , and lights that do n't work or fittings that are missing altogether . At one point in the video Patrick Miller stands on the dilapidated tennis court with no nets strung up . The hotel 's grounds were a fiasco , with overgrown grass and trees and dead flowers . The grounds are a fiasco , with overgrown waist-high grass and trees , dead flowers and downed tree branches . In the end , Patrick said , the holidaymakers got what they paid for from their £ 15-a-night hotel room , which looked perfect online . He added : ` But when the taxi driver dropped us off there were no lights on at the hotel and no one at reception , so we were a bit scared and wondered what we had come to . The pair stayed at the hotel while they attended a friend 's wedding on the Mediterranean island . Patrick said the staff were friendly but they spoke very little English , ` so it was a struggle ' to communicate . ` Our room was n't too bad , the sheets were clean and there was hot water , but when we looked in another bathroom there was n't even a toilet . ' He said the hotel was ` horrendous ' , but they decided to stay as it was just for a couple of days . ` Outside it was like a ghost town , there was no one about and no atmosphere . The staff were friendly but could n't speak much English so it was a struggle . ` We tried to point out the problems but they could n't really understand . We decided to just get on with it and make the best of it . '