Police have been left stunned after coming across a car parked on a busy street covered in hundreds of chili peppers . NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page , showing a silver car on the side of the road laden down with a vast amount of large red chillies . According to several commenters on the post , the incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence . NSW police have been left stunned after coming across the above car covered in chili peppers on the side of a busy road . ` He 's been doing this for years ... . he lives in one of the units in Bridge Road . Parks outside my unit block -LRB- Cnr Albert & Bridge -RRB- for some reason . Sometimes he puts it out on the grass on a tarp . ' one commenter said . NSW Police also shared the image with the caption ` The heat is on ' , leading many to question what the car owner 's offence actually was . While Daily Mail Australia has contacted NSW Police for comment , a spokesperson said it may well be one of the weird and wacky things sighted by highway patrol cars on the road . NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page , showing a silver car on the side of a busy road laden down with a vast amount of large red chillies . According to several commenters on the post , the incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence . In the pictures , the chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car . It is unclear is this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done on purpose by the car owner . One photos shows baskets inside and outside the car , one lined with a Korean newspaper and filled with the chili peppers . Many Facebook users have said that this is a traditional method of drying out peppers in the sun before they are then used to make hot dishes such as kimchi or guksu . In the pictures , the chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car.It is unclear is this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done on purpose by the car owner .