Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain , but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee . Former Portsmouth ace Ciftci briefly levelled the scores at Dens Park when he slotted home a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead . The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan . Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain . Bain refuses to react as the Turkish striker does his best to rile his rival goalkeeper at Den Park . Turkish forward Ciftci celebrates with a kiss but ends up blushing as his side lose derby match . It was Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top-six place , as United 's poor run of domestic form continued . In front of a sell-out crowd , Dundee started well with midfielder Jim McAlister trying his luck early on with a 25-yard snap-shot on his left-foot which Radoslaw Cierzniak in the visitor 's goal held . United 's reply was a sweeping move involving Paul Dixon and Chris Erskine who , in turn , fed Ciftci - but his low shot was saved by Scott Bain . Jake McPake wheels away in celebration as helps Dundee earn first derby win in over a decade . However , Dundee broke the deadlock in the 14th minute through Stewart . The home side 's top scorer turned smartly and hit a shot from 22 yards which should have been dealt with by Cierzniak , but the Polish keeper allowed the ball to trickle through his hands and into the net , leaving him red-faced . The lead , however , was short-lived as United levelled two minutes later . Chris Erksine 's powerful shot came off the hand off Dark Blues skipper Kevin Thomson 's hand , and referee John Beaton pointed straight to the spot . Up stepped Ciftci to send Bain the wrong way and square things up . Dundee Utd goalkeeper Radoslaw Cierzniak looks back at his goal after Mark Stewart opened the scoring . Stewart celebrates his derby goal with a fan as he runs over to the home faithful at Den Park . However , Dundee regained the lead in the 23rd minute when Stewart 's corner was met by McPake , who rose above Jaroslaw Fojut head past Cierzniak from six yards . As the half-hour mark approached , United came close to equalising when Aidan Connolly jinked in from the left before unleashing a venomous shot which Bain was relieved to see clear his crossbar . The Tangerines were desperate for an equaliser before the break and in the 35th minute Dixon 's whipped cross was met by Connolly - but his left-foot effort went wide . Dundee Utd 's Chris Erskine goes down under a challenge from Stephen McGinn during the Dundee derby . United attempted to step up a gear and John Rankin 's 56th-minute shot was deflected just wide by Stewart for a corner . At the other end , Dundee 's Paul McGowan released Paul McGinn down the right and his cross picked out Heffernan - but the striker mishit the shot and the chance was not taken . However , Heffernan was not to be denied and the Irish ace killed the contest midway through the second half . Dundee 's Paul Heffernan taps home his side 's third goal of the game as they close in on derby victory . Skipper Thomson sent Stewart clear on the left and his cross was perfect for Heffernan to calmly knock home at the far post . McGowan almost made it 4-1with 10 minutes of the contest remaining , only for Cierzniak to defy him with a fingertip save from his header . However , the hard work had already been done by the hosts - who were by far the better team on the night .