A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket . The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time . Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the Bangkok Post . Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking . The Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the Andaman Sea in Krabi province . A 12-year-old Israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing . Thick black smoke can be seen rising from the stricken vessel . Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft . The Associated Press reported that the 12-year-old girl may have been picked up by another boat that was going to the beach resort of Phuket . But Police Captain Sutthiwat Aunsiam , a duty officer at Muang Krabi station , told Jor Sor 100 radio late in the evening that rescue units are still searching for the girl and Krabi Governor Songpol Sawasditham confirmed her disappearance , according to Thai Rath Online . Most of the passengers and crew , totalling between 100 and 110 , were taken back to Ao Nang near the resort town of Krabi from where the Ao Nang Princess 5 originally set off . About a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft from police and marine authorities assisted in the rescue operation . More rescue staff and divers , including personnel from Third Naval Area Command , will join the search for the missing girl tomorrow . None of those brought ashore were reported to be injured , but one person aboard the boat did die , according to Phuket News . Pol Capt Sutthiwat quoted Wirat Jittaraporn , the captain of the 35-metre long , 4.5-metre wide ferry , as saying the vessel was about five miles from Railay beach near Ao Nang when he heard an explosion from the engine room . He immediately ordered everyone to don life jackets and prepare to abandon ship . The fire quickly engulfed the ferry and burned it to the waterline before it sank at around 6 pm off Krabi 's Noppharat Thara beach . Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking . Passenger Panupon Rattanakornpanya , 44 , told Thai Rath Online , that crew members told him and his wife and child that a fire had broken out and ordered everyone to gather at the bow . ` The fire then grew stronger . Everyone was in a panic . Some were crying . Many grabbed jackets and passed them on to others before we jumped into the water , ' he said . Governor Songpol said the ferry was equipped with fire extinguishers , ` but in this case it appeared -LSB- the crew -RSB- were not able to control the blaze and this must be investigated again ' . The governor went to Ao Nang , a popular hopping off point for Phi Phi , Phuket , Koh Lanta and other islands , as passengers from the sunken vessel milled on the shore . ` We hope the girl is still alive , ' said the Director of Marine Office 5 for the region , Wichai Kamwong , according to Phuketwan . ` The ferry burned with remarkable speed so to have the speedboats and fishing trawlers close by to help was wonderful . ' The sunken ferry was operated by Ao Nang Travel and Tour Co. . Thailand 's tourist industry , which welcomes more than 20 million people a year , has suffered a black eye in recent years due to domestic political violence and several high-profile killings and unexplained accidental deaths of Westerners , but serious marine accidents are uncommon .