The grandson of a notorious New York mobster has become the mayor of a sleepy village . Philip Gigante , 41 , whose grandfather Vincent ` The Chin ' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont , which has a population of around 9,000 . The Republican real-estate lawyer , who will get $ 25,000 a year for the part time job , hopes his ` achievements and accomplishments ' are what constituents notice , and not his heritage . Crime family ties : Philip Gigante , 41 , whose grandfather Vincent ` The Chin ' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont , New York . He told the New York Post : ` People are free to believe what they wish . ' But people living in the area who know his background disagree . One person who wished to remain anonymous said : ` It 's frightening for not just me but all village residents aware of his background . ' Vincent Gigante , who had nicknames such as ` The Oddfather ' and ` The Robe ' , started out as a boxer but then rose in the ranks and became in Genovese-family captain in the 1960s and '70s . In 1981 he became head of the family , and in 1992 became one the most influential gangsters in the United States - following the death of members of the Gambino family including their leader John Gotti . However Vincent was forced to step down because of poor health . He maintained a distinctive appearance , wearing a bathrobe and slippers around the streets of New York in a bid to look insane , so he could avoid prosecution - a scheme he later admitted to . ` The Oddfather ' Vincent maintained a distinctive appearance , wearing a bathrobe and slippers around the streets of New York in a bid to look insane , so he could avoid prosecution - a scheme he later admitted to . He was indicted on federal racketeering charges in 1990 , but was deemed unfit to stand trial . But in 1997 he was finally convicted and given a 12-year sentence . He died in a Missouri federal prison at the age of 77 . An article in the Rockland County Times , published before the election , they said it was the area 's ` worst kept secret ' . The candidate 's background may have been an easy route into negative campaigning from his opponents , but they both avoided it and paid tribute to Gigante 's character . Thomas Gulla , 54 , said : ` He has the interests of the village at heart . Whatever his grandfather did for a living is not a reflection on him . ' Gigante also runs a freight business set up by his father Salvatore , The Chin 's son , but insists it is legitimate and has no financial links to the crime gang . He told the Post : ` Their hard work and years of sacrifice has made it what it is today . I am saddened that people will try and trivialize their efforts and associate our business with anything but lawful and ethical beginnings . ' The Republican real-estate lawyer , who will get $ 25,000 a year for the part time job , hopes his ` achievements and accomplishments ' are what people notice , and not his heritage . His grandfather is pictured being taken to prison following his sentencing in 1997 .