It contains 12,000 calories and was made using an incredible 150 eggs , but the chef behind this mammoth omelette claims you 'll need more than a few friends to help you polish it off . Ally Lees , of Alfie Bird 's restaurant in Birmingham , created the dish - which is three-foot in circumference - in time for Easter , but says it would take more than five people to eat it . The overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein , which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man . Scroll down for video . Chef Ally -LRB- left -RRB- of Alfie Bird 's in Birmingham , pictured with two assistants as they dig in to the giant omelette . Chef Ally , who prepared the giant masterpiece as a festive promotion , said it was the biggest food challenge he has ever taken on but was pleased with the end result . He recommends a group of no fewer than five attempt tucking into such a massive omelette . Ally said : ` I 've tried a bit of it , it 's lovely but I do n't think I could eat all of it . I think the excess protein might cause a few problems . The beastly dish was made to order using 150 fresh eggs - and contains 12,000 calories . Chef Ally beating the eggs -LRB- left -RRB- and one of his assistants pouring the mixture -LRB- right -RRB- . Ally had to use a massive paella pan for the three food monster omelette . ` It 's the biggest omelette I 've ever cooked in my life and it took a while but I think it looks great . ' Weighing in with a colossal calorie count , the omelette is almost five times the daily intake for a grown man . Using a giant frying pan to collect the mixture , it took Ally an hour to ensure the eggs were cooked all the way through . Ally said : ` We have a huge paella pan which was easily big enough , we heated it up and eventually it was done . ` It took around an hour as we had to keep the pan from going cold but we got there in the end . ' A diner waits for the dish to cook -LRB- left -RRB- and -LRB- right -RRB- it 's finally peeled from the pan . It 's recommended a group of no fewer than five attempt tucking into such a massive omelette .