They were once sprawling palace compounds that were used to intimidate and strike fear into the hearts of Libyans . Now the homes and residences of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi have been reduced to rubble - and even used as pet markets to sell birds and dogs . Four years after the 2011 revolution that saw Colonel Gaddafi 's hold on Libya crumbled , the once feared Bab al-Aziziya compound , situated in the capital city of Tripoli , resembles a wasteland . Scroll down for video . Colonel Muammar Gaddafi stands with his wife and children near Bab al-Azizia palace in November 1986 , before it was left in ruins by air raids . Reduced the rubble : The former Bab al-Aziziya palace , which boasted a zoo , fairground and pool , now lies in a derelict state . During his rule , Libyans would be nervous just walking anywhere near the fortress-like seat of the Gaddafi regime . The dictator ruled for almost 42 years , after he took control in a coup d'etat in 1969 . Following an uprising as part of the Arab Spring in 2011 and ensuing civil war , he was hounded out of Tripoli and killed by members of the National Transitional Council . Speaking about life before the uprising , Tripoli taxi driver Hassan said people feared to go near the Bab al-Aziziya compound in Tripoli . ` People were afraid even to look at the walls , for fear of being arrested , ' he said . All that remains of the palace , which had been hit in a 1986 US air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago , are a few ruined buildings , the green flooring of Gaddafi 's home and a dug-up network of underground tunnels . Then : A mural of a smiling Colonel Gaddafi was painted on the side of the Bab al-Aziziya palace , but was a symbol of fear and terror to Libyans . Growing up Gaddafi 's children enjoyed their own fairground within the palace in Tripoli - yet millions of Libyan people suffered under his reign . Now : The palace has lain in ruin for almost four years , after it was hastily bulldozed by rebels once they took control of it in 2011 . Nowadays , only shabby outbuildings are left on the palace grounds , covered in graffiti and revolutionary slogans , while holes leading to a network of underground tunnels that once ran under the stronghold can still be accessed . The monument of a gold-coloured fist clenching a US fighter plane was vandalised and sent off to Misrata , a rebel bastion during the revolt which ousted and killed Gaddafi . At a safe distance from his people , Gaddafi lived behind fortified walls with his wife , their children , close advisers and guards . Apart from the bedouin tents on which Gaddafi prided himself and which accommodated him on travels abroad , the compound once showcased a zoo , an indoor pool , countless murals and a fairground in its gardens . Rebels posted for photos in a foreign dignitaries reception room at Bab al-Aziziya when they stormed the building in 2011 . The rebels later bulldozed the palace - but the green flooring from Gaddafi 's home is still visible in parts of the derelict site . Gaddafi had expanded the grounds by knocking down adjacent neighbourhoods . Bab al-Aziziya ` was a symbol of the Gaddafi era . Today , we have destroyed this symbol , we have demolished and razed it to the ground , ' said Adel Mohammed Farina , tourism ministry spokesman of a Tripoli-based government . ` He -LRB- Gaddafi -RRB- will be mentioned briefly in history books and documentaries but nothing of his will remain as it is , ' said Farina . Rebels hastily bulldozed much of the compound when they captured it in August 2011 . A Libyan army soldier patrols the heavily-fortified compound in March 2011 , before the beginning of the civil war and fighters took it over . Having taking control of the palace in late 2011 , rebels used a crane to remove the statue of the US plane clutched by a fist outside the building . Rubbish now piles up at the site of the former Tripoli palace . Plans to turn the site into a national park have never materialised . Homeless families moved into the few buildings left standing , and initial plans to turn Bab al-Aziziya into a national park have not materialised . The walls are splattered with graffiti and revolutionary slogans - some with the names of fighters killed in the battle for the compound . Another of Gaddafi 's homes in Sabha in the south of the country has suffered the same fate . In the eastern city of Benghazi , birthplace of the revolution and which has since become an Islamist stronghold , traders have converted his more than 10-hectare palace grounds and barracks into a marketplace to sell birds , dogs and other pets . ` We dreamt of a better life after the fall of Gaddafi , but here we are in his ruins , ' said Mohammed Suleiman , 43 , surrounded by children . The site of Gaddafi 's palace in the Libyan city of Benghazi is now a market place , packed with traders selling bric and back , clothes and pets . A LIbyan man holds high a bird , available to buy from the market . Four years on , the landscape has completed changes for Libyan people . The old palace site was out of bounds for many but is now a thriving market . ` It is is a powerful message to the new rulers ' says one Libyan . ` This is a powerful message to the new rulers of Libya . If Gaddafi had given us freedom and treated us with dignity , with a decent standard of living , he would still have been here . ' In 2012 , the Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia which the United States has branded a terrorist organisation occupied Gaddafi 's Benghazi home and turned it into their headquarters . It was pulverised in air strikes launched last October by anti-Islamist forces loyal to the internationally recognised Libyan government based in the country 's far east . Now , the area is used as a dumping ground where the city 's municipality burns household rubbish . ` This place is not worthy of being anything but a dump . It reminds us of a black chapter in our history and many painful memories , ' said Ali al-Masrati , a passer-by . The former palace in Benghazi is now a dumping ground for people 's rubbish , having once symbolised Colonel Gaddafi 's grip on Libya .