This is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant pig out of a garden swimming pool . The prize porker , known as Pigwig , had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in Ringwood , Hampshire . His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out . A team from Dorset Fire and Rescue struggled to haul the huge black pig out of swimming pool water . The prize porker known as Pigwig had fallen into the water and had then been unable to get out again . Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool . A spokesman for Dorset Fire and Rescue Service said : ` At 4.50 pm yesterday the service received a call to a pig stuck in a swimming pool . ` One crew of firefighters from Ferndown and a specialist animal rescue unit from Poole were mobilised to this incident . ` Once in attendance the crew secured the pig with strops , and requested the attendance of another appliance which was mobilised from Ringwood by our colleagues in Hampshire Fire and Rescue Service . Firefighters were also called out to a horse which had fallen into a swimming pool in Heyshott , West Sussex . The exhausted animal had to be winched to using an all-terrain crane but appeared no worse for wear after its tumble . ` The crew rescued the pig from the swimming pool using specialist animal rescue slide boards , strops and lines to haul the pig from the swimming pool . ' But Pigwig was n't the only animal who needed rescuing after taking an unexpected swim . Crews in West Sussex were called out to a swimming pool where this time a horse had fallen in . Wet and very bedraggled , the exhausted animal put up no opposition when firefighters arrived to hoist her out of the small garden pool in Heyshott . The two-hour rescue operation ended with the wayward horse being fitted with straps under her belly and lifted up into the air with an all-terrain crane before being swung around and deposited back on dry land . A fire brigade spokesman said that she appeared none the worse for her impromptu swim after stepping over the edge of the domestic pool .