Ralph Lauren 's daughter Dylan and her husband Paul Arrouet have welcomed fraternal twins . The 40-year-old 's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate , with Dylan and her Paul , 44 , confirming to People on Wednesday afternoon that they ` are celebrating the birth of their twins ' . A spokesperson for the couple added to the outlet that ` her parents , fashion icons Ralph and Ricky Lauren , are overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren and witness their daughter usher in the next generation ' . Scroll down for video . Baby news : Dylan Lauren and her husband Paul Arrouet -LRB- pictured -RRB- welcomed fraternal twins into the world on Monday via a surrogate . Working mother : The new mom , who was photographed at a party thrown by the Hollywood Reporter earlier this month , named her son Cooper Blue and her daughter Kingsley Rainbow . Dylan , who is the founder and CEO of popular confectionery chain Dylan 's Candy Bar , revealed in this week 's issue of the magazine that she chose a surrogate because it 's a ` wonderful option ' and it was the way she and her husband always ` wanted to start a family ' . During the interview , which took place shortly before the birth of their twins , Dylan noted that she had already come up with a few adorable nicknames picked out for her son and daughter . ` I 've been calling them the Twinkies , the m & m 's and the Doublemint Twins , ' she said . ` Good things come in twos . ' She also revealed that the twins ' nursery was decorated and ready for their arrival well in advance in case her babies were born before their due date - which they were . Family ties : Dylan posed with her older brother Andrew and their parents Ralph and Ricky Lauren in 2006 . Stylish siblings : Dylan and her brother David donned their dad 's designs to a party in 2010 . Cooper and Kingsley 's new room is covered in pastels , bunnies and complimentary blue and pink gingham , and it 's not difficult to figure out where Dylan found her inspiration . ` My favorite holiday is Easter and my favorite animal is the rabbit , ' she told Fox News earlier this month . Dylan married Paul , the co-founder of Marblegate Asset Management , in June 2011 at her family 's Bedford Estate . The confectionery entrepreneur wore wore a handmade duchesse satin , silk tulle , georgette embroidered dress with a tiered train designed by her father . The 75-year-old designer admitted in an interview with Oprah that year that creating the gown was an emotional experience . ` I had to do something that was better than ever before . When you do something for your family or your daughter , I mean it 's the only daughter I have - beautiful girl , ' he said .