FA chairman Greg Dyke revealed on Wednesday night that Harry Kane has informed England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships . Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the Czech Republic . Spurs and England have been in talks for some time without reaching an agreement . Tottenham forward Harry Kane has been in superb form this season , netting 30 goals for the club so far . Kane scores Tottenham 's third goal during the 3-1 win against Newcastle United at St James ' Park last week . FA Chairman Greg Dyke -LRB- left -RRB- stands with Reading chairman John Madejski during the FA Cup semi-final . Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino would like Kane to be rested at the end of his breakthrough season . Dyke , however , said : ` I got a call from Harry Kane 's agent recently just to say how much he enjoyed playing for England recently and how much he wants to play for the U21s this year in the Euros and that 's important . ` If you 're a young English boy coming through the system you should want to play for England . ' It was part of a St George 's Day message from the FA chairman designed to strengthen the bond between England 's patron saint and its football team . ` England has the best football team in the British Isles and if England as a football team does well then England is a united country , ' Dyke said . ` Football plays a big part in England and should play a big part in St George 's Day . ' Kane , with 30 goals for Spurs this season and one on his England debut last month , is due to join Tottenham 's end-of-season trip Malaysia and Australia . He is scheduled to return at the start of June and , if he is part of Gareth Southgate 's U21 squad , he could be away on international duty until the start of July , after which he will need a break and would miss the start of Pochettino 's pre-season plans . Kane scored on his senior England debut against Lithuania in March , continuing his fine form this term . England , meanwhile , have pulled out of the annual Victory Shield U16 tournament for the home nations in an effort to save an estimated £ 120,000 a year . Scotland , Wales , Northern Ireland and England have contested the trophy every year since 1947 but the FA announced it will withdraw for the foreseeable future . They are keen to target more fixtures against stronger European nations -- and Dyke is reviewing costs to find £ 30million for his grassroots revolution . Earlier this month , Sportsmail revealed the England non-league team , known as England C , was under threat from these cuts . Dyke has revealed that Kane wants to play for England 's Under 21s side at the European Championships .