A Sydney mother has braved this week 's horror Sydney storm by hitting the streets and handing out waterproof clothing , blankets and sleeping bags to the homeless . Sacha Whitehead , 26 , received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into Sydney CBD . The Dee Why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless during what 's been hailed as the storm of a century . Sacha Whitehead stands with a carload full of waterproof clothes and sleeping bags which she handed out to homeless people during Tuesday 's nights severe Sydney storm . Sydney 's dispossessed have suffered the worst of the wild weather , with many popular homeless spots totally washed out . Whitehead told Daily Mail Australia she was spurred into action after reading a friend 's Facebook status . ` One of my friends wrote a message sympathising with the homeless people enduring the storm . I could n't get the image out of my head , and decided I had to do something to help . ' An hour after posting her plea , Whitehead was inundated with offers from people offering donations . Battered trees and power lines lie across a major road in Raymond Terrace , North of Sydney , in the midst of what has been hailed the storm of the century . Whitehead was spurred into action after reading a friends Facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm . ` We spent the day driving and collecting from people 's houses . Once my car was filled to the brim , we spent the night handing it all out . ' The sisters delivered the clothes to locations often frequented by the homeless , such as Central Station Tunnel and Hyde Park , where they found people trying to stay out of the storm . ` They were really suffering . The dangerous conditions meant a lot of the usual clothing vans did n't make the rounds , so many were freezing without adequate clothing . ' Whitehead and her one-year-old daughter Liliana : The mother said she questioned her decision to leave the safety of her home at the peak of the violent storm . Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them this evening out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point . Whitehead admits that at the peak of the violent storm , which has since been declared a natural disaster , she questioned her decision to leave the safety of her home . ` When we were driving back it was total bedlam , trees were flying left and right and none of the traffic lights were working . ` I questioned whether I had made the wrong choice . But that just made me realise how much worse of a position these people were in . ' Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point . Anyone with donations should contact sacha.whitehead1@gmail.com or call Mission Beat on 1300306461 .