He has long struggled to convince voters that he is a suitable choice for prime minister . Now Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their ` inner voice ' . The consultants drafted in by the Labour leader claim to work with politicians to build ` leadership skills ' using ` neuroscience ' and ` business psychology ' . Scroll down for video . Ed Miliband , pictured , has hired a US guru who can help him convince himself that he can be Prime Minister . Mr Miliband , pictured , has constantly lagged behind Prime Minister David Cameron in the personal rating polls . Services offered by ExtendedMind include coaching on how to look ` authentic ' and tutorials on how to build alliances -- which may come in useful during negotiations with SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon . The firm , which uses some American spellings despite being based in Britain , details how it can help politicians on its website . It says : ` When we 're working with leaders who want to communicate their messages with greater impact , it 's typically the `` how '' of their style that we support , improving body language , breathing , posture and prosody . ' In a section entitled ` The Politics of Authenticity ' , it adds : ` Is learning new communication techniques just a question of artifice rather than authenticity ? ` Our answer to that question would be `` yes '' , if you do n't throw yourself into the learning process and practice ! Any new behaviour will feel inauthentic at the beginning , and will seem so to others , too . But with repeated practice we move from `` acting '' to `` being '' . ' When Ed Miliband tried to make a conference speech off the cuff in September , he forgot to mention the deficit and was roundly ridiculed . So ever since then he has made sure he always has one trusty aide at his side ... a lectern , right . Whether he is in a town hall , a car park or a factory during the election campaign , the prop -- often holding helpful notes to jog his memory -- has been there for him to lean on . His advisors believe the lectern makes him look more like a prime minister-in-waiting . But its non-stop UK tour has begun to look increasingly bizarre after he even dragged it into the car park of a Leicestershire factory , where it was carefully positioned between puddles . This week he spoke from a lectern as he launched Labour campaign billboards in Nuneaton , Warwickshire ... even though he was in the middle of a cricket pitch . The website continues : ` The anxiety we all feel to different degrees when communicating an important message to others -- and which can side-swipe our message -- can be erased so that our inner voice can find its way into the world . ' And in a sign that the firm could help Mr Miliband prepare to negotiate post-election deals , it notes : ` Our intelligent networks process encourages people to think about what they want to achieve -LSB- and -RSB- identify the people who might collaborate with them to achieve those goals . ' Mr Miliband has consistently lagged behind David Cameron in polls on their personal ratings during his five years as Labour leader . But he has seen a slight boost in his popularity since the campaign began last month . After the seven-way televised leaders ' debate on ITV , it emerged that Mr Miliband had been reading from motivational notes -- including one reminding him to be a ` happy warrior ' . His cribsheet , found in his dressing room after the clash , also prompted him to ` relish the chance to show who I am ' . Mr Miliband has hired ExtendedMind despite already employing David Axelrod , a former adviser to Barack Obama , on six figures . One Labour MP said Mr Axelrod had so far been ` invisible ' in the campaign , adding : ` I do n't understand what we are getting for the £ 300,000 , I think it is an obscene amount . ' Mr Axelrod , who is based in the US , has insisted he is in touch with Mr Miliband ` all the time ' by phone , text and email . Asked yesterday whether his use of ExtendedMind had been ` helpful ' , Mr Miliband told a press conference : ` I will let other people make a judgment on those questions . I take advice from a range of people . ' A Labour spokesman said : ` We do n't comment on people we may or may not have employed . ' ExtendedMind did not respond to a request for comment . Tory Michael Ellis said : ` There 's nothing authentic about Ed Miliband ... even after all his extensive coaching , could you imagine him standing up to Putin on the world stage ? He should ask for his money back . '