A 26-year-old Mexico native vanished without a trace in Utah a week ago , and now Elizabeth Smart and her father have joined the effort to find the missing woman . Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado is from Chiapas , Mexico , and moved to Provo about a month ago to study English . There is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared April 16 , Provo Police Chief John King said . She usually talked with family in Mexico every day , he said . Where is Elizabeth ? Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado , 26 , from Chiapas , Mexico , was last seen leaving a language school in Provo , Utah , April 16 . Raising awareness : Elizabeth Smart holds a ` missing ' poster of Laguna Salgado during a news conference Friday in Sandy , Utah . Mystery : Provo Police Chief John King said Friday that there is no evidence Salgado was kidnapped , but he says they are very worried because she has n't made contact with anybody for longer than a week . Laguna Salgado 's cellphone has been turned off , and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened , King said . A volunteer search is scheduled for Saturday morning in Provo . The woman 's uncle , Rosemberg Salgado , from California , tearfully begged for help from anyone with information on her whereabouts . He called his niece a ` beautiful angel ' and an optimistic , spiritual woman who just finished a Mormon mission in Mexico . He said his niece is probably praying and asking God to help her be found . Laguna Salgado was living with roommates in Provo for about a month , her uncle said . Most of her family lives in Mexico . ` Elizabeth , if you are watching this , please know that we love you and that we are going to be looking for you , ' said Salgado , crying . ` We wo n't stop until we find you . ' Asked if his niece mentioned anything odd in recent conversations , Salgado said she told him a boy had been bugging her to go on a date and that she made up having a boyfriend to get rid of him . Spreading the gospel : The 26-year-old woman had just finished a Mormon mission in Mexico . She moved the Provo only a month ago . Last sighting : Salgado was last seen on the afternoon of April 16 leaving the Nomen Global School at 384 West Center Street in Provo . Family 's plea : The woman 's uncle , Rosemberg Salgado , begged for help from anyone with information on her whereabouts . According to Daily Herald , Police Chief King said there are ` persons of interest , ' but police are still interviewing the missing woman 's classmates at the Nomen Global Language Center . Kidnapping survivor : Elizabeth Smart was 14 when she was snatched out of her Salt Lake City bedroom in 2002 . She was held captive for nine months before being found walking with her captor in a busy street . Smart and her father , who heads Operation Underground Railroad - an organization dedicated to rescuing victims of labor and sex slavery - said they hosted the event to bring attention to the story . Ed and Elizabeth Smart said the the key to finding her in 2004 nine months after she was abducted was that the American public knew her face and her story . Elizabeth Smart was 14 when she was snatched out of her Salt Lake City bedroom in 2002 . She was held captive for nine months before being found walking with her captor in a busy street in Sandy -- close to where Friday 's news conference was held at Rio Tinto Stadium . Smart urged the public to help find Laguna Salgado even though there 's no evidence of a kidnapping . ` Maybe we 're wrong , but if we 're right then at least we 're doing everything we can , ' Smart said . ` We really feel someone out there knows where she is or saw her at some point . ' Smart recalled what it was like when she was first abducted : ` It 's terrifying . You do n't know what 's going on . You do n't know why it happened to you . You do n't know what the future is . You do n't know if people are looking for you . ' Salgado was last seen April 16 leaving the Nomen Global School at 384 West Center Street in Provo . Since that time she has not been back to her apartment , shown up for work , or contacted any family members . Over the past week , investigators working the Salgado case have canvassed the route she took to and from school , obtained surveillance videos from business and homes in the area and interviewed known sex offenders living in Provo . Lead : Salgado 's uncle said his niece told him a boy had been bugging her to go on a date and that she made up having a boyfriend to get rid of him . Be On the Lookout : Miss Salgado is listed as ` Missing Endangered ' with the National Crime Information Center . Both the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI have been notified of her disappearance . Striking beauty : Elizabeth is 5 feet 4 inches tall , weighing 120-130lbs with long black hair and brown eyes . Miss Salgado is listed as ` Missing Endangered ' with the National Crime Information Center , and both the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI have been notified of her disappearance . Elizabeth is 5 feet 4 inches tall , weighing 120-130lbs with long black hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a denim jacket , blue jeans , black or brown knee high boots , and was carrying a denim hand bag with red straps . Anyone with information on Elizabeth 's whereabouts is being asked to call the Provo Police Department at 801-852-6210 . The missing woman 's loved ones have started a Facebook page to share information on the latest developments and raise awareness of the missing person case .