The U.S. Supreme Court 's arguments on Tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than two decades of litigation and a transformation in public attitudes . Based on the court 's actions during the past two years , a sense of inevitability is in the air : That a majority is on the verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide . Justice Anthony Kennedy , the court 's pivotal member on gay rights , has been marching in this direction with opinions dating to 1996 . In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in 2013 , rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man and woman for purposes of federal benefits , Kennedy deplored that U.S. law for making gay marriages ` unequal . ' Scroll down for video . A moment in history : People line up outside the Supreme Court in Washington April 26 ahead of Tuesday 's arguments focusing on gay marriage . That 5-4 decision did not address a constitutional right to same-sex marriage , but lower court judges interpreted the ruling as an endorsement of it and began invalidating state bans . When states appealed rulings striking down their same-sex marriage prohibitions , the Supreme Court declined to intervene , most notably in October 2014 when it denied appeals in seven cases on a single day . Instead , the nine justices are hearing in Tuesday 's oral arguments an appeal of the sole decision from a regional U.S. appeals court that went the opposite way . Last November , the Cincinnati-based U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit upheld gay marriage bans in Ohio , Michigan , Kentucky and Tennessee . With 37 of the 50 states now permitting gay marriage , many because of judicial orders , it seems unlikely the country 's highest court would reverse course . Public opinion polls over the last decade have shown large increases in support for gay marriage . A ruling is due by the end of June . Yet some questions remain . How much will Kennedy , a member of the court 's five-man conservative bloc who often casts decisive votes in close cases , show his hand in the 2-1/2 hours of oral arguments ? Will he reveal a clear view that the Constitution gives gay people a right to marry or will he voice concerns for state interests in controlling marriage laws ? An element of uncertainty hovers over Chief Justice John Roberts , who broke with the other court conservatives and cast the deciding vote upholding President Barack Obama 's healthcare law in 2012 . Roberts voted against gay rights in the 2013 ruling . But he separated himself from the most conservative dissenters and declined to declare outright that states may ban gay marriage . He has demonstrated apprehension about the reputation of the court that , by virtue of his service as chief justice , informally bears his name . In his opinions , he has sometimes tried to lower tensions in controversial cases and reassure people that the court is aligning with precedent and public expectations . The question is not only how Roberts might vote but what he might write . In the 2013 ruling , he denounced the court majority 's sentiment that federal lawmakers were deliberately harming gay people with the limited definition of marriage . ` I would not tar the political branches with the brush of bigotry , ' he wrote . For the other seven justices , expectations are clearer . The four liberals , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan , have signaled their opposition to state same-sex marriage bans . On the other side have been the three most conservative justices , Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito , asserting that nothing in the Constitution guarantees same-sex marriage . Two legal questions are before the justices : whether the Constitution 's guarantees of due process and equal protection cover a right to same-sex marriage ; and , if they do not , whether states that ban same-sex marriages must recognize such unions performed in other states . Gay couples and their families , about 30 adults and 20 children , have appealed the 6th Circuit 's decision . The name petitioner is James Obergefell , who wanted his home state of Ohio , which prohibits gay marriage , to recognize his Maryland marriage to John Arthur as Arthur was dying from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . Officials expect the courtroom to be packed to its 400-seat capacity . Lines for general spectator seats began forming around 6 am on Friday , more than four days ahead of the scheduled oral arguments at 10 am on Tuesday .