The body of a missing University of Minnesota student has been pulled from the Mississippi River five days after she plunged from a bridge during a night out , medical examiners have said . Jennifer Houle , 22 , vanished from a bar in Minneapolis in the early hours of Friday and was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge . Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge , which is 110ft above the river . Following days of searches , a body was recovered on Wednesday . The medical examiner 's office identified the body as Houle 's on Thursday . Loss : A body believed to belong to Jennifer Houle -LRB- pictured left , and left with a friend -RRB- has been found in the Mississippi River in Minneapolis after she was last seen on a nearby bridge early on Friday morning . She died of freshwater drowning the medical examiner 's office said in a press release , according to the Star Tribune . ` We want to thank law enforcement , all the Hennepin County sheriff 's -LSB- deputies -RSB- , the Minneapolis police ... and all the compassion they 've shown to us , ' John Houle told the Star Tribune . ` They 've done such an amazing job keeping us informed about the investigation . We sincerely appreciate their tireless efforts to figure out what happened to Jennifer and to bring her home to us . ' Houle was last seen inside a Dinkytown bar , Blarney Pub and Grill , between 1 am and 2 am on Friday , police said . Her friend Brooke Laven told KSTP that they had gone bar-hopping on Thursday evening but that while they were out , they ran into one of Houle 's ex-boyfriends . Discovery : Teams of rescuers are pictured on Monday as they searched the Mississippi River in an effort to recover Houle 's body . It was found on Wednesday - five days after she vanished . Last seen : Police said video evidence showed she entered the Mississippi River from this bridge on 10th Avenue , which is just several blocks from the bar . It is not yet clear whether she fell or jumped . ` That kind of set off some emotions , ' Laven told KSTP . She said she had become separated from Houle in the bar and was unable to find her . Laven said that Houle 's purse and phone were found in the street near her apartment just a few blocks from the bar at 3 am on Friday , suggesting she had tried to walk home . But police told DailyMail.com that they believe she had already entered the water by the time the purse was found . ` We extend our deepest condolences to the Houle family and all of Jennifer 's many friends , ' the police said in a statement . Houle studied management at the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities and was a Phi Beta Phi sorority member and part of the Women in Business group on campus . On Tuesday evening , more than a thousand friends and well-wishers - many dressed in purple , Houle 's favorite color - paid tribute to the student at a vigil at the University of Minnesota . Missed : Fellow students gathered for a vigil for Houle at Stillwater Area High School on Sunday . Loved : Friends have remembered her as a fun , bubbly student who ` had such a great impact on so many ' Scene : Houle and a friend had been drinking at this bar before she vanished between 1 am and 2 am Friday . Speaking to the Minnesota Daily , student Madie Eckstrom , one of Houle 's friends from high school , recalled her ` infectious smile and bubbly laugh ' . ` She had such a great impact on so many people , ' Eckstrom said . The family was overwhelmed by the show of support , her father said . ` Jennifer would have been pleased to see the outpouring for her , ' he told the Star Tribune . ` As a family , we certainly feel that love from the community . ' He said that they also plan to have a ceremony to celebrate her life on April 12 at the university . University vice provost Danita Brown Young said counseling is available for the University of Minnesota community . ` We are deeply saddened to learn of the news about Jennifer Houle , ' the University of Minnesota said in a statement . ` Our thoughts are with her family , friends , classmates , and sorority sisters . '