A father has told how he 's embraced 21st century parenting by using a drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school . Chris Early , who owns a production company in Knoxville , Tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to ABC News , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies . Scroll down for video . Caught on camera : A father has told how he 's embraced 21st century parenting by using a drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school . Aerial views : Chris Early , who owns a production company in Knoxville , Tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . Unbreakable bond : The tech-enthusiast -LRB- left , with his daughter Katie , right -RRB- released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies . The clip shows Early 's daughter , Katie , walking down a road near her home , sticking close to the grassy verge in a bid to avoid cars . ` It was just kind of a thing , just to kinda keep an eye on , just make sure she was looking both ways . ` Let her know that daddy is always watching , ' Early said of his drone-flying antics . Apparently he 'd been walking his daughter to and from school for the past two years but recently she asked if she could walk alone . Growing fast : Early said that he 'd been walking his daughter to and from school for the past two years but recently she asked if she could walk alone . Brainwave : That 's when he had the idea of using the drone to check in on her for her first solo commute . That 's when he had the idea of using the drone to check in on her for her first solo commute . Katie said she was not expecting the drone to follow her but thought it was pretty cool when she spotted it hovering above . ` I was like , `` Oh wow , '' ' she said . ' -LSB- My dad -RSB- did n't tell me then , so I was pretty surprised . ' Although Early says the ` helicopter eye ' is a really fun idea he notes that he wo n't be using it anymore . Since he released the clip many viewers have criticized him for being too ` prying ' and ` invasive ' . Too invasive : Although Early says the ` helicopter eye ' is a fun idea he notes that he wo n't be using it anymore . ` Just wait until she dates , ' on commenter wrote and Time Magazine even called him the ` World 's Most Embarrassing Dad ' . Responding to the backlash , Early said : ` The drone flight following my daughter home from school was a one-time thing done in fun . ` It was never meant to set off a debate on how to parent in the 21st century . ` I trust her enough to give her that little bit of independence as she continues to grow into a smart , beautiful young lady . ` We actually live very close to her school -LSB- and -RSB- I can just about see the school from my front porch without a drone . '