An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in Syria . The propaganda video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself ` Abu Yusuf ' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS -LRB- the Islamic State Health Service -RRB- , which appears to be mimicking Britain 's National Health Service . The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . An Australian doctor who calls himself ` Abu Yusuf ' is geatured in the latest Islamic State propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of the Islamic State Health Service . The video 's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an western-style blue surgical scrubs which appear to mimic Britain 's National Health Service . The vision , which is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group , shows Yusuf interviewed inside the paediatric ward of a Syrian hospital . ` My name is Abu Yusuf . I made hijrah from Australia to the Islamic State to live under the khilafah , ' he says . ` I saw this as part of my jihad for Islam , to help the Muslim Ummah -LRB- community -RRB- in the area that I could which is the medical field . ' He claims to be sad he delayed travelling to Syria for so long . ` It is disappointing to think how many fellow Muslims brothers and sisters in the medical field , who are doctors and nurses , physios , who are still living in the West and unfortunately the Muslims living here are suffering , not necessary from a lack of equipment or medicine but a mainly a lack of qualified medical care . ' Yusuf is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit as well as teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients . The vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group . Yusuf urges foreign Muslims with medical training to come forward and join the latest caliphate initiative . ` We really need your help . It is not the equipment that we are lacking , it is truly just the staff . Inshallah see you soon . ' The video also features an Indian physiologist called Abu Muqatil al-Hindi , who says the physical therapy centre is ` one of them most important areas that any hospital should have . ' The physiologist says there are already Australian physiologists in the wing , but he encourages more doctors to travel to Syria to help the struggling medical service . The video also features an Indian physiologist called Abu Muqatil al-Hindi , who encourages more doctors to travel to Syria to help the struggling medical service . Abu Yusuf al-Australi calls upon foreigners with medical training to join the Islamic State 's new medical initiative . Australian National University terrorism expert Dr Clarke Jones confirmed the authenticity of the video to Daily Mail Australia . ` I 'm familiar with IS propaganda and this is certainly legit , ' he said . ` The video is interesting because it 's trying to communicate a sense of normalcy within the caliphate . The babies , ambulances and modern medical equipment are a far cry from the barbarity of their other videos . ' ` In reality , the conditions are not accurate : Syria remains a very hostile environment . But it communicates a major shift in their recruitment . ' Dr Jones believes the group are trying to attract more sophisticated demographic than in the past , when they targeted disillusioned youths . ` They are asking for foreigners with medical training and an education , and they are n't trying to lure them for militant purposes . This poses an interesting question : is this still considered radicalisation ? ' Nine British medical students have travelled to Syria to work in hospitals in Islamic State-held areas . Pictured from left to right : Hisham Mohammed Fadlallah , Lena Maumoon Abdulqadir and Tamer Ahmed Ebu Sebah . The four women and five men apparently kept their plans secret from their families and fled to Syria . Left to right : Rowan Kamal Zine El Abidine , Sami Ahmed Kadir and Ismail Hamadoun . The medical students are believed to now be in the ISIS-held area of Tel Abyad , From left to right : Nada Sami Kader , Mohamed Osama Badri Mohammed and Tasneem Suleyman . The footage , which appeared on social media on Thursday , comes after nine Brritish medical students travelled to Syria last month , claiming they were going to help treat victims of the civil war . The students are all believed to be of Sudanese origin and were studying at a medical school in Khartoum , Sudan . The students have been named as Lena Mamoun Abdelgadir , Nada Sami Kader , Rowan Kamal Zine El Abidine , Tasneem Suleyman Huseyin , Ismail Hamdoun , Tamer Ahmed Ebu Sebah , Mohammed Osama Badri Mohammed , Hisham Mohammed Fadlallah and Sami Ahmed Kadir . Former Melbourne man turned Islamic State recruiter Neil Prakash -LRB- above -RRB- has featured in recnt propaganda videos . In February , Australia 's Attorney-General George Brandis announced an $ 18 million initiative to battle extremist propaganda . The operation , which will be launched in July , will employ a team of technology experts to assess the impact of online extremist propaganda . The government also plans to seek the help of platforms such as Google , Twitter and Facebook , to counter extremist messages . This week , senior Islamic State commander Abu Khaled al-Cambodi released a propaganda video where he ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets in Australia . The former Melbourne man was a key figure in police investigations surrounding a plot which was foiled last week which saw teenagers allegedly planning to attack police during today 's Anzac Day ceremony . Police have charged three men over the shocking plot which would have seen a police officer run over and killed with a knife . Islamic State terrorists -LRB- above -RRB- are in charge of a large swath of Syria and Iraq and have recruited thousands of foreign fighters .