More than 1,000 crimes have been created by the Coalition in a frenzy of law-making -- including a ban on washing clothes in Trafalgar Square . The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day . In the Coalition agreement , the Tories and Lib Dems pledged to roll back Labour 's ` state intrusion ' , promising a bonfire of pointless powers . But research shows the Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month . The so-called crimes include diving into the Thames without authority , queue-jumping at a Tube station and hogging the middle lane of a motorway . Making it an offence to wash or dry clothes in Parliament or Trafalgar squares was designed to prevent protesters setting up camp at tourist spots . Offenders can be fined £ 200 . Between May 2010 and May 2014 -- the latest year for which information is available -- ministers created 1,073 offences . During the 13 years Labour was in power , 4,300 offences were placed on the statute book -- approximately one every day . Meanwhile , other antiquated laws remain in force that are simply baffling . Londoners planning to do some DIY can load timber straight into their car , but under section 54 of the Metropolitan Police Act 1839 it is illegal to carry a plank across a pavement , punishable with a £ 500 fine . Spring cleaning can also put a person on the wrong side of the law . Section 28 of the Town Police Clauses Act 1847 makes it an offence to beat a carpet in a London street after 8 am . Ben Rose , a partner at law firm Hickman & Rose , which carried out the research , said : ` The law-making machine has become an unstoppable juggernaut . ' More than 1,000 crimes have been created by the Coalition in a frenzy of law-making -- including a ban on washing clothes in Trafalgar Square -LRB- above -RRB- . Josie Appleton , of the Manifesto Club , which campaigns against excessive regulation , said : ` Creating so many trivial crimes brings the law into disrepute . ' The Ministry of Justice said 696 crimes had been removed from the statute books over the four-year period -- meaning the net number of new laws was 377 . Here are some of the more unusual crimes created since May 2010 : . Old crimes still enforceable : .