Kevin Pietersen has hinted the first chapter of his county comeback could be streamed live to fans . The divisive batsman has re-signed for Surrey this summer in an attempt to win an unlikely England recall , having been thrown an apparent lifeline by incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves . He has not played in the LV = County Championship since 2013 but is set to start the season with the Brown Caps in the hope of turning the selectors ' heads and reversing last year 's controversial sacking . Kevin Pietersen will step up his attempts to earn an England recall when he starts batting on Monday . The 34-year-old Pietersen wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash . Pietersen -LRB- right -RRB- rejoined Surrey after incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves said domestic form would help . The 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 and he is due to return to the nets on Monday . Pietersen announced that to his 2.3 million Twitter followers on Easter Sunday , raising the prospect of using the social network 's new broadcast app , Periscope , to showcase his session in real time . He wrote : ` Starting to bat tomorrow ... might @periscopeco it , so all of you can watch it Live & see how I get on . Should I ? #comeback ' . Quite how Pietersen 's ' #comeback ' will pan out in the long term is unclear . He clearly feels Graves ' words are encouragement enough of a Test recall but after so many bitter recriminations - and one dazzlingly indiscreet autobiography - there are still many bridges to build . His decision to hit the county trail , so long a bete noire in his career , at least offers the platform for him to nudge both selectorial and public opinion from close quarters . But when England flew to the West Indies on Thursday ahead of the forthcoming Test series , the messages were thoroughly mixed . Captain Alastair Cook , who was not given a glittering write-up in the Pietersen 's book , largely absolved himself from the decision-making process , insisting it would be taken by Graves , managing director of England cricket Paul Downton and chief executive Tom Harrison . Coach Peter Moores was less ambiguous . Moores was sacked from his first stint in charge in 2008 , partially at the behest of Pietersen , whose intervention also cost him the captaincy . Incoming ECB chairman Graves advised that signing for a domestic side would help Pietersen 's cause . Alastair Cook -LRB- left -RRB- was coy on Pietersen 's chances of a recall but Peter Moores said he ` is n't on the radar ' Moores was previously dismissed as England coach at the behest of Pietersen when he was captain . He was then belittled as a nagging ` woodpecker ' in the the batsman 's memoir and reconciliation between the two men would appear a stretch . Asked at Gatwick about the situation , Moores said : ` From my point of view , Kevin is n't on the radar . ' He would , therefore , seem an unlikely viewer of Pietersen 's Periscope net session .