A 12-year-old girl was tied up , beaten and raped for by seven ISIS different fighters when she was kidnapped from her home in the Iraq region of Yazidi , a shocking new report has revealed . The suffering of Jalila - whose name has been changed - is just one of a number of harrowing accounts given by women who have escaped captured by the brutal Islamist organisation which is taking over swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq . The study undertaken by Human Rights Watch found fighters were kidnapping women and children as young as eight , forcing them to marry and convert to Islam and raping them repeatedly -- sometimes picking their victims ' names out of a hand in a sick lottery . Scroll down for video . Yazidi women and girls have been separated from their families , forced to convert to Islam and repeatedly raped by ISIS fighters , the study from Human Rights Watch says . Their actions amount to war crimes . it adds . Yazidi children as young as eight have been abducted from their homes in northern Iraq , raped by ISIS fighters and forced into marriage . One child interviewed said she was ` owned ' and raped by seven different men . Of those who managed to escape , many feel suicidal after their traumatic ordeal and need better medical and psychological support , says Human Rights Watch . Some tried to kill themselves while in captivity to avoid rape . Their terrifying campaign of systematic rape was tantamount to war crimes - and possibly crimes against humanity , the report adds . Jalila , who managed to escape her tormentors , told the charity she was taken with seven members of her family when Arab men stormed her village north of Sinjar in August 2014 . After a few weeks she was taken to a house in Syria that housed other abducted young Yazidi women and girls , where the men would come and select us . She was selected by an ISIS fighter , who slapped her and dragged her from the house when she resisted him . The names of Yazidi women were selected from a lottery for men to rape , a survivor told the charity . ` I told him not to touch me and begged him to let me go ' , she said . ` I was a young girl , and I asked him , ` What do you want from me ? ' He spent three days having sex with me . ' During her captivity seven ISIS fighters ` owned ' Jalila , and four raped her on multiple occasions . Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped from ISIS , which they say shows a system of organised rape and sexual assault , sexual slavery and forced marriage -- acts that constitute war crimes . A 12-year-old girl -LRB- not pictured -RRB- told investigators she was raped for three days by a brutal Islamist militant . Another victim told Human Rights Watch how she had tried to kill herself so that she would n't be raped again . Rape and other forms of sexual violence committed during an armed conflict violate the laws of war . These women were part of a group of 216 Yazidis who were recently released by ISIS after being captured last year . The survivors ' stories come as United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- investigators found evidence ISIS are committing genocide against the Yazidi minority in Iraq . The human rights office published a horrifying report in March describing killings , torture , rape , sexual slavery and the use of child soldiers by the extremists . It suggested they may be guilty of ` war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide ' . The report , based on interviews with more than 100 witnesses and survivors between June 2014 and February 2015 , highlights brutal ISIS attacks on the Yazidis . The jihadists consistently separated out men and boys over the age of 14 to be executed , according to investigators . Younger boys were forced to become child soldiers and women and girls were abducted as the ` spoils of war ' . Head of the investigation Suki Nagra said : ` These attacks were aimed at destroying the Yazidi as a group . ' She added that ISIS was guilty of ` genocide ' against the minority . Now they are urging that survivors get the medical and psychological treatment that they need to cope with the unimaginable trauma they suffered . Rashida told the charity she was told by her brother to commit suicide if she was unable to escape the ISIS fighters who had captured her . ` Later that day they made a lottery of our names and started to choose women by drawing out the names ' , the 31-year-old said . ` The man who selected me , Abu Ghufran , forced me to bathe but while I was in the bathroom I tried to kill myself . ` I had found some poison in the house , and took it with me to the bathroom . I knew it was toxic because of its smell . ` I distributed it to the rest of the girls and we each mixed some with water in the bathroom and drank it . None of us died but we all got sick . ' Another woman , identified as Dilara , said she was taken to a wedding hall in Syria where ISIS fighters told the group to forget their relatives and prepare to marry them and bear their children . From 9:30 am in the morning , men would come to buy girls to rape them . She told Human Rights Watch : ` I saw in front of my eyes ISIS soldiers pulling hair , beating girls , and slamming the heads of anyone who resisted . ` They were like animals ... . Once they took the girls out , they would rape them and bring them back to exchange for new girls . The girls ' ages ranged from eight to 30 years ... only 20 girls remained in the end . ' Rape and other forms of sexual violence , sexual slavery , cruel treatment , and other abuses committed during an armed conflict violate the laws of war , the report by Human Rights Watch says -- and better support is needed for children and women who survive such attacks . As well as a lack of provision for psycho-social treatment , there is a reluctance in the community to accept it , despite many women continuing to feel suicidal after their ordeal . ` Yazidi women and girls who escaped ISIS still face enormous challenges and continuing trauma from their experience , '' Liesl Gerntholtz , the women 's rights director at Human Rights Watch said . ` They need urgent help and support to recover their health and move on with their lives . '