A shrine created in memory of those killed during the Germanwings crash has revealed the first picture of the hero pilot who tried to break into the plane 's cockpit . Staring straight ahead , eyes firmly on the camera , this is the only photograph to have emerged of Patrick Sonderheimer , the pilot of the doomed flight . Yet the shrine , which was erected in memory of the staff killed during the tragedy , controversially also includes a picture of co-pilot Andreas Lubitz . Scroll down for video . A memorial display at Dusseldorf airport has revealed the first photograph of hero captain Patrick Sondheimer left -RRB- who tried to break down the cockpit door to stop killer pilot Andreas Lubitz -LRB- second from left -RRB- from crashing the aircraft . Mr Lubitz is the man who orchestrated the disaster by steering flight 9525 , from Barcelona to Dusseldorf , into the mountains killing all of those on board . It has since emerged that Mr Lubitz had carefully planned the attack using the online pseudonym ` Skydevil ' , according to the German newspaper Bild . As the plane plummeted towards ground , Mr Sondheimer , 36 , a father-of-two , tried in vain to save the lives of the 144 passengers and five crew members on board . Moments before , he had left the cockpit in the hands of his co-pilot in order to use the bathroom . When he returned , the door was locked and co-pilot Lubitz , 27 , ignored desperate pleas from his colleague to let him back in . In a desperate attempt to stop the fatal crash , Mr Sondheimer spent up to five minutes attempting to smash his way into the cockpit using an axe . Mr Sondheimer used an axe to try to break down the door to the cockpit after Lubitz -LRB- right -RRB- locked him out before accelerating into a mountain . All of the 144 passengers and five crew members died in the crash . Lubitz , 27 , had been plotting the disaster online under the name Skydevil . On recordings retrieved from the plane 's black box Mr Sondheimer can be heard shouting : ` Open the goddam door ' in the moments before his death . The display in memory of the staff who died was created before it was revealed that Mr Lubitz had intentionally crashed the plane in the French Alps on March 24 . Alongside the two men , sit the photographs of the other four crew members killed during the tragedy . All four are seen smiling broadly at the camera . The picture was taken at Dusseldorf airport , according to German newspaper Bild am Sonntag . Last night , Mr Sondheimer 's heartbroken mother paid tribute to her ` hero ' son at her home 15 miles from the German town of Dusseldorf . Mrs Sondheimer said : ` He died a hero but he still died , and we are devastated . The light has gone out of our lives . I am too upset to say any more . ' Shortly before the crash , Mr Sondheimer , the father of a six-year-old girl and a three-year-old boy , had switched from long-haul to short-haul flights in order to spend more time with his young family . During a memorial on March 29 , his grandmother Marianne Sondheimer said her grandson 's lifelong dream was to become a pilot . She said : ` My grandson is dead and all because of an idiot who did this to his whole flight and killed so many people . ' During the service , Captain Sondheimer was described as a man who ` radiated happiness ' . Black box recordings revealed Mr Sondheimer frantically appealed to Lubitz to open the door as the plane plunged further towards a mountain . He was described as a hero by his family .