Video footage of a young woman being led away in handcuffs - allegedly because she was sunbathing on a private beach reserved for tourists - has gone viral in Mexico and sparked a heated debate . The 26-year-old woman , Laura Alicia Caldero , claims she was sitting under a palm tree on the Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen when armed police forcibly removed her . According to friends of Caldero , guards were preventing locals from going onto the sandy stretch , which is located in the tourist area of Quintana Roo in eastern Mexico . The woman 's friends said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about £ 70 . Video footage of a woman arrested on a beach in Playa del Carmen , Mexico has caused outrage . Her friend Marc Paez Chacon , 27 , said : ` We told the guards you were not allowed to privatise the beach and went and sat under the shade of a palm tree . ` But then they suddenly turned up and told us that we had to pay for the use of the palm tree . ` We thought it was a joke , but when we refused police turned up . ` They told us we would have to pay a fine and move on , but Laura refused and ended up being arrested . ' Laura Alicia Caldero , 26 , says she was arrested for suntanning on a beach reserved for paying foreigners . The beach , located in tourist-friendly Quintana Roo , is most popular among those from Europe and the US . The beach is one of the most popular among tourists from Europe and the United States , and the video footage of the young woman 's arrest has caused widespread outrage . ` They took me because I was sitting under palm tree , ' Caldero , clad in a light blue bikini and being led away by police , explains in the video . ` The palm tree is apparently not for the public although it was a public beach . ' Someone off camera then asks her where she is , to which she replies : ` In Mamitas , I was under a palm tree . ' According to the woman , police told her and some friends that they were required to pay for use of a palm tree . Online commentators included Gabriel Hernandez , who wrote : ` Our beaches are for Yankees and Europeans , get used to it . ' And another named Leviathan added : ` According to the law , you ca n't privatise a beach . She should issue a complaint . ' Underneath Pedro had added : ` An opportunist who rents palm trees there probably called the police . ' And Adriana Salez Hernandez added : ` Had she been a foreign tourist , they would n't have touched her . ' However , police insist that the woman was removed because she had ` assaulted a group of private guards ' Video commentators are visibly outraged , saying that had she been foreign , she would n't have been bothered . Police confirmed the arrest of the young woman , who was with three male friends . While they had all opted to pay a 1,600-peso fine -LRB- £ 70 -RRB- , the young woman had refused , and was then arrested . But Juan Carlos Pereira Escudero , secretary of the Playa del Carmen Council , denied that the local was taken because she refused to pay for the shade from sitting under a palm tree . He said the young woman ` assaulted a group of private guards ' .