A 36-year-old Indiana woman now in police custody is suspected of carrying out a twisted plot of kidnapping and killing a young mother in order to steal the victim 's newborn baby and claim the child as her own . The suspect , who has not been identified , lives in Gary , Indiana , where the body of the victim , Samantha Fleming , was found Friday wrapped up in plastic and doused with bleach . Police believe the woman went to the home of 23-year-old Fleming in Anderson , 180 miles away , posing as a Child Protective Services employee and convinced Fleming to come with her to Gary . Fleming recently gave birth to a daughter , Serenity , and lives with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her baby on April 5 . Incredibly , the baby has been found by police and is safe , CBS reported . Scroll down for video . Killed : Police believe Samantha Fleming , 23 -LRB- left -RRB- , was lured from her home by a woman pretending to be a social worker , so that the woman could murder her and steal Fleming 's three-week-old baby , Serenity -LRB- right -RRB- . Found dead : Fleming went missing from her home in Anderson , Indiana , on April 5 . Her body was found Friday at a house 180 miles in Gary . The woman who lives at the property is the suspect in the case . The suspect is said to have known a lot of personal information about Fleming and successfully posed as a case worker , leading Fleming to believe she had to attend a court hearing . Fleming was reported missing by her boyfriend . Police were led to Gary after Fleming 's cell phone signal was picked up in the city , where the young mother 's wallet was also found near an apartment block . Police followed other leads to the suspect 's home , but the woman was n't there . Investigators said they smelt a foul odor coming from the small one-story house . Inside they found the body of a young woman that had been stabbed , covered in bleach , wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic tub . As officers searched the home , the suspect 's sister came by . She had a baby with her and was had come by to pick up some things . Police quickly realized the baby was Serenity . Scene : The body of Samantha Fleming was found stabbed , doused in bleach and wrapped in plastic inside this home at 1987 Cleveland St. , in Gary , on April 17 . The sister told police the suspect had asked her to care for the baby and had gone to visit their mother in Texas . The suspect is now said to be in police custody at a Texas hospital , where is she is under mental health care . The infant was handed over to police by the sister , according to the Chicago Tribune . Police have not released the name of the suspect and no charges have been filed . Lt. Thomas Pawlak told The Tribune that the suspect 's house had been fitted out with a nursery . ` It appears that she had been planning this , ' Pawlak told the newspaper . ` There was everything you would buy for a new baby . A crib , changing table , diaper bag , carrier , new clothes . ' A neighbor told the paper the suspect said she was pregnant with twins . The neighbor said around Easter the suspect said one of the twins had died but that she had given birth , only the child was still in hospital with jaundice . New mom : Fleming went missing just three weeks after giving birth to her daughter , Serenity . Safe : Serenity was found in the custody of the suspect 's sister . The baby will soon be returned to relatives in Anderson following the tragic death of her mother . When the neighbor eventually saw the woman with the child , she said she found the baby to be ` lighter-skinned ' than she expected . The woman also had a bandage on her hand . The alleged kidnapper asked her neighbor to watch her house because she was going out of town . Just days before the woman left , the neighbor said she saw her going back and forth from her house to her garage and carrying small plastic grocery bags . The neighbor said they had been texting regularly since the woman left . But when she texted the alleged kidnapper after she saw police enter her home on Friday , the messages stopped . Pawlak believes the alleged kidnapper was very familiar with Fleming , and they are trying to work out how . The woman is not believed to be affiliated with Child Protective Services in any way . ` She knew a lot about this mother , ' he said . ` Enough to convince her she was with CPS . '