An Italian priest has been sacked amid claims that he took part in gay orgies with a Swiss Guard . The prelate was sacked from a religious order in Taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes , role play and explicit gay web chats . The priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple Judas Escariot , and had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave . Controversy : News of prelate being sacked after an online lover contacted Taranto church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes is just the latest sex scandal to engulf the Vatican . The diocese confirmed that the priest had been dismissed but claimed there were no other prelates involved . Turn-on : The priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play in which his lover played Judas Iscariot , and had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus -LRB- pictured -RRB- . A 32-year-old man , from Rovigo in northeast Italy , claimed he was contacted by the unnamed priest around six months ago on Facebook . The man , an unemployed labourer , said he was having problems at the time and thought that ` it could have been a sign from heaven . ' ` I needed spiritual help , ' he told Corriere della Sera . The priest revealed that he was gay during online chats and attempted to seduce the labourer . ` He told me my pictures made him excited and asked me to send him an intimate photo , ' the man claimed . The pair also had a video conversation via Skype , during which the priest was allegedly naked . The priest allegedly said that he had organised orgies with priests and a Swiss Guard , although church authorities have not said anyone else was involved . The labourer said that he was not gay but did not want to risk losing the spiritual support of the priest , who he claimed even convinced him to leave his girlfriend . ` He told me that he liked guys , especially young ones , and that he could do everything for them , also help them to buy clothes , mobile phones and recharge costs , ' he claimed . Protection : The Italian priest was sacked amid claims that he took part in gay orgies with a Swiss Guard . The Swiss Guard serves as the de facto military of Vatican City . A statement by the diocese of Taranto said : ` Regarding the reports about a parish priest in the archdiocese of Taranto or rather his morally reprehensible conduct , utterly incompatible with ministry , the Curia notes the following . ` The priest in question who is not part of the Taranto clergy but of a religious order has been removed from pastoral care by bishop Filippo Santoro after verifying the facts . ` The religious are no longer in Taranto since last week . In the documents with the ecclesiastical court there is no trace of other priests being involved . '