Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Arsenal 's home clash with Liverpool ... Arsenal vs Liverpool -LRB- Emirates Stadium -RRB- . Team news . Arsenal . Arsenal forward Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury picked up during international duty with England ahead of Saturday 's Barclays Premier League clash against Liverpool . Club captain Mikel Arteta , full-back Mathieu Debuchy , midfielders Abou Diaby and Jack Wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly match on Tuesday , so will be assessed . Danny Welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty with England and remains a doubt . However , England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain -LRB- hamstring -RRB- remains unavailable . Provisional squad : Ospina , Monreal , Koscielny , Gabriel , Bellerin , Coquelin , Cazorla , Ozil , Sanchez , Welbeck , Giroud , Szczesny , Walcott , Mertesacker , Rosicky , Ramsey , Chambers , Gibbs , Flamini . Liverpool . Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face Arsenal on Saturday . The 25-year-old , along with midfielder Adam Lallana -LRB- groin -RRB- , withdrew from the England squad last week but both are likely to be in contention to face the Gunners . Daniel Sturridge trained on Thursday ahead of Liverpool 's trip to Arsenal in the Barclays Premier League . Centre-back Martin Skrtel and captain Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions with Dejan Lovren favourite to replace the former in defence . Provisional squad : Mignolet , Can , Lovren , Sakho , Sterling , Henderson , Lucas , Moreno , Sterling , Coutinho , Sturridge , Jones , Johnson , Toure , Allen , Markovic , Balotelli , Borini , Lambert . Kick-off : Saturday , 12.45 pm - BT Sport 1 . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Arsenal 5/6 . Draw 11/4 . Liverpool 3/1 . Referee : Anthony Taylor . Managers : Arsene Wenger -LRB- Arsenal -RRB- , Brendan Rodgers -LRB- Liverpool -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Arsenal wins 63 , draws 48 , Liverpool wins 70 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Arsene Wenger 's side have kept four clean sheets and conceded just one goal in their last five Premier League home games . Liverpool have won just one of their last 18 away games in all competitions against Arsenal -LRB- W1 D7 L10 -RRB- . Liverpool v Arsenal has seen more hat-tricks than any other match in Premier League history -LRB- 5 -RRB- . There have been eight 90th minute goals and two 45th minute goals scored in the last 12 Premier League meetings between Arsenal and Liverpool . Liverpool have kept just one clean sheet in their last 18 Premier League matches against Arsenal . Stewart Downing , Raul Meireles , Luis Suarez and Jordan Henderson celebrate after the Uruguay striker scored in the last minute to help Liverpool to a 2-0 win at Arsenal in August 2011 - a rare away victory . The Gunners have won their last eight Premier League games at the Emirates . The last time they were on a longer run was in November 2005 -LRB- 13 -RRB- . Liverpool have equalled a club record six consecutive clean sheets away from home in the league and have now gone nine hours and 19 minutes on the road since they last conceded . Only Manchester United -LRB- 7 -RRB- have won away at Arsenal more often than Liverpool in Premier League history -LRB- 6 -RRB- . Arsenal have won just one of their last 11 Premier League home games against the other current top five teams ; Chelsea , Man City , Man Utd & Liverpool -LRB- W1 D7 L3 -RRB- . Arsenal have had the most individual goalscorers in the Premier League this season -LRB- 15 , Liverpool 14 -RRB- .