Robin , now 73 , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 , aged 58 . Robin Ellis shot to fame in the Seventies as the original dashing hero Ross Poldark . At the time , he was as much a heart throb as Aidan Turner , star of the hugely successful BBC remake of the Cornish epic that concludes on Sunday . In fact , even now at the age of 73 Robin has retained the physique that helped make him famous - as he showed in a cameo in the BBC remake . Yet even though he has been slim all his life - 12st , which is perfect for his 6ft 1 1/2 in frame - Robin has type 2 diabetes , a condition that many of us associate with being overweight . In type 2 diabetes , the body 's cells fail to react to insulin , causing blood sugar levels to soar which , if uncontrolled , can lead to blindness , kidney damage , heart disease and circulation problems , especially in the feet and legs . Robin was diagnosed by chance in 1999 aged 58 after a friend was diagnosed with prostate cancer and he decided to get himself checked . ` It was clear , but blood tests showed my blood glucose levels were high , ' he says . ` Six months later , I was tested again and told I had type 2 diabetes . ' He had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination . Although he had smoked 20 roll-ups a day for 20 years , he gave up when he was 40 . He was running five or six miles a day , and did n't have a sweet tooth . So how did he end up with type 2 diabetes ? Normally , it occurs in those who are overweight or who have an inactive lifestyle . This is thought to be linked to excess fat cells releasing chemicals that disrupt the way the body responds to insulin . However , the problem can also develop in apparently slim people with a normal Body Mass Index -LRB- BMI -RRB- . That 's because diabetes is strongly linked to visceral fat - which is hidden in the abdomen , around the organs . ` BMI does n't tell the whole story and it 's just as important where the fat is on your body , ' says Julian Halcox , professor of cardiology at the University of Cardiff . ` Studies show some people can have a normal BMI , but a higher proportion of fat than you might expect from looking at them . ' This does not appear to have been the problem for Robin . He 'd been only too aware of the risks of diabetes - his mother died aged 67 of a heart attack brought on by 30 years of type 1 diabetes . Pictured here in Poldark , he was struck by Michel Montignac 's book , Dine Out And Lose Weight , which advocates giving up white -LRB- refined -RRB- carbohydrates rather than counting calories . ` Because of my poor mum 's history , I was fully aware of what my diagnosis meant , ' he says . Type 2 diabetes has a strong genetic element - if a parent has it , there 's a 50 per cent chance their child will , too . However , Robin 's mother had type 1 diabetes , which is an entirely different type and so it 's likely to be just a coincidence . In type 1 diabetes , the insulin-producing cells in the pancreas are destroyed , meaning none is released , whereas in type 2 the pancreas may produce decent levels of insulin but the body is resistant to it . The diabetes picture has changed dramatically since Robin 's mother 's days . Rates of type 2 diabetes have soared , due to rising obesity levels , and it is being diagnosed at a much younger age . In the UK in 2010 there were 3.1 m over-16s with diabetes , 90 per cent with type 2 . By 2030 , there are expected to be 4.6 m people with the condition , equivalent to one in ten of the adult population . ` There is an epidemic of type 2 and the myth that this is a milder form of diabetes has been totally busted , ' says Dr Graham Toms , consultant diabetes specialist at Newham University Hospital , East London . Indeed while complications such as nerve damage to the eyes and feet equally affect both types of diabetes , damage to the large blood vessels in the heart , brain and legs are far more common with type 2 . Heart disease is a common complication of type 2 diabetes , because high blood sugar can damage the blood vessels and raise the risk of arteries becoming blocked . Once he was diagnosed , Robin was determined to do everything he could to limit the damage through lifestyle changes . Previously his diet included meals grabbed from the catering truck while filming on location as well as late-night meals with friends while sharing several bottles of wine after coming off stage . Now , he has eliminated sugar and refined carbohydrates such as white bread from his diet , and developed a passion for cooking from scratch . ` After being told about diabetes , I read up on it and was struck by Michel Montignac 's book , Dine Out And Lose Weight , which advocates giving up white -LRB- refined -RRB- carbohydrates -LRB- that release sugar quickly into the bloodstream -RRB- rather than counting calories . I made the changes immediately . ' Robin has since written a number of cookbooks for people with diabetes , as he found there was a lack of recipes available . The proportion of hospital beds occupied by patients with diabetes . When filming for the current series of Poldark , he took his own healthy breakfast . ` I travel with oats , walnuts , dried apricots and prunes to which I add almond milk , which is virtually sugar-free , and then I 'll have rye bread . ' Robin 's other lifestyle change was to walk the recommended 150 minutes a week , little but often -LRB- he 'd given up running by then -RRB- . The result was extraordinary . For ten years he was able to control his blood sugar through these methods alone . Only recently has he been put on medication , as diabetes is a progressive disease which worsens with age . Only a minority of patients can combat the disease without drugs for so long . ` It is achievable , but only in patients who have the knowledge and motivation to do it , ' says Dr Toms . Six years ago , Robin was put on diamicron , a form of sulphonylurea drug , which stimulates the pancreas to produce more insulin . Three months ago , he was also given januvia , which prevents the breakdown of the gut hormone GLP-1 , whose role is to prompt insulin release after a meal . Two years ago , routine tests indicated that Robin had possible artery problems and he was sent to a clinic . ` I arrived light-hearted as I was n't short of breath or suffering chest pains - and found myself having an angioplasty -LRB- a procedure to widen a blocked artery -RRB- feeling like a chicken on a slab . ' Under local anaesthetic , a catheter was threaded down his arm and a wire then delivered three stents - tiny mesh tubes - to widen the blocked artery . ` It took no time and I left feeling light-hearted again as it had been fixed . But it was further proof that you must take diabetes seriously . ' Since then , all has been well . Robin - who lives with his American wife , Meredith , in Lautrec in south-west France , does have some numbness in his feet , another common complication of diabetes , and sees a chiropodist every three months . ` My blood glucose levels are checked every three months , ' he says . ` There has been a small , steady rise over the years , consistent with my age but still very good . ` People get depressed and think their diagnosis is the end of the world . Well , it is n't . I 'm still here and I 'm aiming to die of old age , not diabetes . ' Delicious Dishes For Diabetics and Healthy Eating For Life are published by Robinson . For details of Robin 's cookery workshops in France go to : robin-ellis.net . diabetes.org.uk .