A remote Iron Age fort built by the Picts as a look out post on top of a 20-foot-high sea stack has been uncovered on the coast of Scotland . Archaeologists believe the stronghold , which would have been cut off from the land at high tide , may have been one of a number that lined the east coast of Scotland . The fort , which was found on top of the Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven , Aberdeenshire , appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country . The small fort was discovered on top of Dunnicaer sea stack -LRB- shown above -RRB- and would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position , although resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard . Stones used to construct the walls were also engraved with Pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them . Dr Gordon Noble , an archaeologist at Aberdeen University who led the excavation , said the site was so remote it could only be accessed by climbing up the cliff face with ropes . The Picts were a group of tribes who lived north of the Forth and Clyde during the Late Iron Age and Early Medieval period . By the late 200s AD the Picts had overrun the northern frontier of the Roman empire more than once . Mel Gibson 's blue face paint in Braveheart is a nod to the Pictish tradition of body-paint - but the real Picts fought stark naked , and there are records of them doing so up until the 5th Century . The Roman name for the people - Picti - means ` painted people ' . It 's not known what they called themselves . The habit of fighting naked , especially in the cold Scottish climate , did n't harm the tribe 's reputation for ferocity . Picts were one of the reasons even heavily armoured Roman legions could not conquer the area . He said it appeared that despite its position , the fort had been lived in for extended periods and so must have been an important building . Dr Noble said it was possible the fort had been built there to help the Pictish tribes living there dominate the sea in the area . He said it was possible the fort , which is thought to date from the 5th to 6th century , could also have been a precursor to Dunnottar Castle , a medieval fortress built on the rocks of a headland less than quarter of a mile away . Dr Noble said : ` It is possible that there was a series of forts along the coast . ` The Picts were known as sea raiders and forts like this may have helped cement that naval power . ` It is quite an impressive site . It was pretty hairy climb to get up there and at high tide it is completely cut off . Resupplying the fort when it was inhabited would have been a challenge . ' The Picts were a group of tribes that lived in eastern and northern Scotland . Although best known for the carved stones and jewellery they left behind , it is thought that they were farmers but also engaged in sea raids . The archaeologists discovered the fort on Dunnicaer after following up reports that Pictish stones had been found there when some local youths climbed up the sea stack . Dr Noble said : ` Being youths , they did what youths do and threw them down into the sea . ` One of them returned later to collect one of the stones and since then a few others have been found . They had rough designs carved into them . ' When Dr Noble and his team from the Northern Picts project conducted a five day excavation on the top of the site , they uncovered the remains of what appears to be a rampart wall . They also found post holes and the remains of a hearth that appears to have been within a house built inside the fort . They even found charcoal still in the stone fire place . Mr Noble said there may have been a settlement built on the land behind the fort , although as the Picts largely built their homes from wood , it would be hard to find many remains . In order to reach the site , the team had to employ the services of professional rock climber Duncan Patterson , who climbed up the sea stack and put ropes in place . The archaeologists found the remains of a stone wall that would have formed part of the Iron Age fort . Some of the stones used to build the walls of the fort -LRB- like the one above -RRB- had rough Pictish carvings on them . The sea stack is only accessible at low tide and still requires a rock climb up the cliff face to reach the summit . This stone hearth , with the black charcoal dust still evident at the bottom of the picture , was uncovered by the team . It suggests the fort had been inhabited for relatively long periods , according to Dr Gordon Noble . Mr Noble said that at the time when the fort had been inhabited it may have had a wooden bridge across to the stack from the land otherwise it would have been very hard to access . He said : ` The stone is not local , so it was quarried elsewhere and taken to build the fort and carved . ` As for access , it is possible an easier route was present on the landward side and has now eroded , but certainly a timber access of some kind is well within their capabilities . ' The team now hope to examine some of the charcoal and other artifacts they found at the site in the hope of getting a better understanding of who lived there . The Dunnicaer sea stack sits just off the east coast of Scotland close to Stonehaven in Aberdeenshire . The researchers also found evidence for post holes -LRB- above -RRB- that were used in the fort ramparts during the dig . Archaeologists had to set up ropes to reach the sea stack after a professional climber scaled the rock face . Dunnicaer sea stack -LRB- on the far left of the picture above -RRB- is just quarter of a mile from Dunnottar Castle -LRB- right -RRB- .