Lewis Hamilton has described his ongoing contract issues as ` a pain in the backside ' as the reigning Formula One world champion has become mired in paperwork . Following the Malaysian Grand Prix 11 days ago Hamilton claimed his new deal with Mercedes , worth an estimated £ 21million per year , was ' 99.6 per cent done ' and was now in the hands of his lawyers . But the fine print of the terms and conditions means the 30-year-old , who opted on this occasion - and for the first time in his career - to negotiate for himself without an agent , is becoming frustrated . Lewis Hamilton , who leads the world championship after two races , is pictured in the Shanghai paddock . The British sporting star was sporting two gold chains ahead of this week 's Chinese Grand Prix . Lewis Hamilton , pictured at a Hugo Boss promotional event , says his Mercedes contract has not been sorted . The British world champion admits issues with paperwork has been ` a pain in the backside ' According to Hamilton it now means ` it is unlikely ' the contract will be signed ahead of this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . Speaking to Sky Sports News , Hamilton added : ` Obviously at the last race I said it would be done within a week . ` This is my first time negotiating myself and you do n't know how many times I 've had to read about 80 pages . ` It is so much reading and it is all in lawyer jargon , so it has been quite a pain in the backside to be honest . ' Despite the issues with the new deal , Hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on Sunday at the Shanghai International Circuit . Hamilton is a three-time winner at the venue - including last year - whilst he has finished in the top three on three other occasions . Hamilton is surrounded by the media at the Hugo Boss event in Shanghai on Wednesday . Mercedes driver Hamilton and team-mate Nico Rosberg -LRB- right -RRB- were beaten by Sebastian Vettel in Malaysia . Despite Ferrari winning their first race for almost two years last time out in Malaysia , with Sebastian Vettel at the wheel , the much cooler conditions in China should play into Mercedes ' hands . ` Malaysia was a tough weekend , ' said Hamilton . ` It always is with the heat , but with car problems on Friday , rain during qualifying on Saturday and a race which did n't go to plan on Sunday , that one was particularly challenging . ` Ultimately we made the best choices we could , but there is always room for improvement and we 've been working hard to analyse everything for this next race in China . ` The circuit is one I really enjoy and it suits my driving style quite well . ` I won the race last year and have only finished outside of the podium places twice , so the target is definitely to build on that and get back to the front . ' Hamilton , pictured driving during final practice in Malaysia , says the last Grand Prix was a ` tough weekend ' He won last year in China and will be hoping for more joy in Shanghai this weekend .