In a beautiful new campaign for Vans and & Other Stories , the woman dubbed the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' has put her younger counterparts to shame . Looking radiant , Daphne Selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace . Daphne said of the collection , in which she appears with 22-year-old Flo Dron : ` The & Other Stories ' collection that is featured in this story is truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist , all in lovely colours . ' 86-year-old Daphne Selfe has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories alongside Flo Dunn , 22 . The images show the new footwear which sees Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on . The shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands SS2015 collection . Daphne 's career originally began in 1949 and she once told the Express : ` Modelling was respectable then so my parents were very happy for me to do it and it was fabulous . ` I still think the Fifties was the best time to be a model because the clothes were so lovely . Of course we were much more innocent . ` There was no television , only the radio and we 'd never heard of drugs . ' At the time of the interview in 2011 Daphne , from Baldock , Hertfordshire , was still commanding £ 1,000 per day for her work . Daphne looks cool and relaxed as she models the & Other Stories collection alongside the customised shoes . ` That rate is quite rare but it 's very nice when it comes and helps the pension , ' she said . The model also comes from a time when it was OK to not be super skinny : ` I 'm a big-boned person and back in 1950 I was 10st 7 lb , although nobody told me to lose weight . ` I did n't do anything to make myself thin but once I had three children I lost weight and now I 'm 8st . ` My waist is 28 '' so I can sometimes get into a size eight on a shoot but I wear a 10 for comfort . I think it 's ridiculous and very sad that some of the models now have become so skeletal . ' Flo and Daphne sit side by side as they model almost matching outfits for the two brands . Daphne wears a day time look with lace up vans -LRB- left -RRB- changing into a red dress for another picture -LRB- right -RRB- . The model has never had any surgery and shies away from botox . She once said : ` I 've never had anything done to my face . ` Not that poison -LSB- botox -RSB- , not a facelift . I think it 's a waste of money . Anyway , I could n't afford it ! ' She previously revealed to the MailOnline that she posed nude back in the day for artists such as Barbara Hepworth . The outfits chosen for the campaign look great no matter what age the model is . She revealed that she keeps her grey hair , which is brushed down around her shoulders in the new campaign , long because it is cheaper . She said : ` My hair is long now because it 's cheaper , I do n't have to do anything , but put it in a topknot or a French pleat . ` It avoids that old lady permed look , lengthens the neck and lifts the face . I 've got so many friends who do n't touch the make-up pot . You should keep looking nice , it makes you feel so much better . ' In modelling shots taken from the earlier part of her career Daphne shows off her effortless grace . Daphne is known for her timeless beauty and has previously admitted to never having had any surgery . Daphne took part in the Dare To Wear campaign in 2014 for the Trafford Center in Manchester . Over the last few years Daphne has landed a number of campaigns with well known brands . In 2013 she was chosen to work for TK Maxx and last year she fronted the Dare To Wear campaign for the Trafford Center in Manchester . Daphne says that she has good genes and maintains a healthy lifestyle : ` My parents gave me good genes and health , and I have always eaten sensibly . ` I was brought up through the war so the phrase `` make do and mend '' has never done me any harm . I always try to make the best of everything , to stay positive and to have a healthy lifestyle . ' Flo looked stunning in a red dress with a matching bag and slip on Vans shoes .