Wolf Hall writer Hilary Mantel 's award-winning second novel Bring Up The Bodies has been renamed for the American stage . The bestselling author , who once pledged not to dumb down her work ahead of its BBC debut , has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for a run on Broadway . In preparation , the title of her second book Bring Up the Bodies has been ditched in favour of the simpler ` Wolf Hall II ' . Booker Prize award-winner Mantel , who has been reworking Mike Poulton 's stage version , has also cut ` a lot of repetition ' to create a tighter , better play . Scroll down for video . The bestselling author has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for a run on Broadway -LRB- pictured is Ben Miles as Thomas Cromwell and Lydia Leonard as Anne Boleyn -RRB- . With more than 1,000 pages of historical drama , the story of the rise and fall of Thomas Cromwell - who goes from a Blacksmith 's son to one of the most powerful men in Tudor court - was never a simple read . The plays , produced by the Royal Shakespeare company and London 's Playful Productions , will open at the Winter Garden Theatre in Times Square tomorrow and features the original British cast as well as director Jermey Herrin . And Mantel is convinced it will be a hit on Broadway . Warning : Hilary Mantel said she believed that the Broadway version of her books will be a hit . The British cast , including Miles as Thomas Cromwell and Paul Jesson as Cardinal Wolsey , will be going over to the U.S. as they prepare for the Broadway adaption which opens tomorrow . Nathaniel Parker , who won an Olivier award for his role as Henry VIII in the stage version of Wall Hall , told the Evening Standard : ` The play is better now than it was in London . ` Hilary has had a go at re-working it and she 's cut a lot of repetition out and brought in her own words . ` I think audiences will love it . ' The story was recently brought to the small screen in the BBC adaption starring Damian Lewis as Henry VIII and Mark Rylance as his adviror Thomas Cromwell . The mini-series received rave reviews when it aired earlier this year , and was dubbed BBC 2 's most successful drama in a decade after drawing in four million viewers . Critics praised its story , acting and historical accuracy as makers went to such great lengths to recreate the Tudor period they used only candlelight to illuminate night-time scenes , filmed on location using special cameras . Actor Damian Lewis played Henry VIII in the hit television adaptation on BBC of Mantel 's award-winning story . Mantel , who saw sales of her books boosted by the adaptation , had said ahead of the BBC version that she refused to ` dumb down ' to suit a broad television audience . The author had warned the adaption was ` complex ' , and she would not reduce it to ` clichés and over-simplifications ' . The plays , written by Mike Poulton , sold out at Stratford-upon-Avon and quickly transferred to London , where they received critical raves , broke box office records and triumphed as the West End 's biggest hit plays . Reprising their performances from the London production , Ben Miles as Cromwell , Nathaniel Parker as Henry VIII and Lydia Leonard as Anne Boleyn will be going over to Broadway . Mantel is currently writing her third novel in the Cromwell trilogy titled The Mirror and The Light .