He made the headlines for his plan to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights in first class ... without paying a penny . Now American 28-year-old Scott Keyes has revealed his savvy secrets so you too can explore the world without falling into the ticket traps . The Think Progress reporter reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights , and spoke to MailOnline Travel about his top tips . Scroll down for video . Scott Keyes -LRB- above -RRB- , a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights . Globe-trotter : Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America . Stock up flyer miles through credit cards . Keyes recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles , which you can then use to take free flights . He only sign up for cards with high sign-up bonuses and relatively low spending thresholds necessary to get those . For example , a card he just got gave 50,000 bonus points for spending $ 1,000 in three months . The writer makes a point of putting all everyday spending on credit cards in order to hit these spending thresholds . -LRB- Unfortunately , this is mostly true for American travellers ; European credit cards and elsewhere tend to offer fairly meagre perks . -RRB- . As long as you can handle credit responsibly and treat your credit card like a debit card , you can work towards a surprising amount of free travel . My favourite credit card is almost always whichever one offers the best sign-up bonus at the time . So right now , the best three are American Airlines ' Citi Platinum card , the United MileagePlus Explorer card , and British Airways Visa Signature card , each of which offers a sign-up bonus of 50,000 miles . -LRB- For complicated reasons , I probably like the BA card the best , because if you 're flying less than 650 miles , 50,000 miles will get you as many as 11 free flights . -RRB- . I basically ignore the ` get one mile for every dollar you spend ' incentive , since I do n't have much money to spend . In order to get as many miles as the sign-up bonus , I would have to spend $ 50,000 ! I focus almost exclusively on the sign-up bonus when deciding what card to get next . Keyes uses a number of techniques to travel first class around the world for free , which he has revealed in his two eBooks . Here pictured in Mexico . Fly on the cheapest days of the week . Be flexible with your dates when you want to take a trip of a set number of days . Often times a Friday-Monday flight will be cheaper than a Thursday-Sunday , for instance , even though it 's the same number of days . Usually the cheapest days to fly are Tuesday , Wednesday , and Saturday . Keyes poses while rafting down Sumidero Canyon which is located near the city of Chiapa de Corzo in Mexico . Check the day before and after for cheaper fares . Always search one day before or after just out of curiosity , because sometime red-eye flights can technically leave on the next day . These flights leave late at night , arriving in early morning and inside the US these flights are almost exclusively for travel from the West to the East . ` I once helped my friend George cut the price of a round trip flight to Vegas nearly in half by finding a redeye flight that left just after midnight , making it technically a Monday flight and not a Sunday flight , ' Keyes tells MailOnline Travel . Wading into the waters of Hierve el agua in Oaxaca , Mexico , rock formations and the remnants of old geysers . Work backwards with your trip . If you want the cheapest flights , chase the fare , not the destination . In other words , rather than picking a destination and then looking for the cheapest way to get there , start out by looking where there are cheap flights , and then decide among those where you 'd like to go . Keyes explains : ` I never had my heart set on going to Milan , but when a $ 65 flight from NYC-Milan popped up , I jumped on it . ` That 's too great a deal to pass up , after all . ' The 28-year-old having fun wearing a tortoise shell in the Galapagos Islands on holiday . Search for the whole month for flights . Refer to websites such as Kayak and ITA Matrix which give you an month 's overview of flights a prices . Make your itinerary as flexible as possible so you are able to opt for going a few weeks after you intended to get the lower fares . Enjoying the view ! The writer recommends flying on a Tuesday , Wednesday , and Saturday as these are usually cheaper . Try flying to gateway airports . If you 're flying to a different continent and want the cheapest price , you should search for a number of different gateway airports in that region . For example , if you want to fly to Bali , start by searching for flights to Bali , but do n't stop there . Also look at the cost of flights to Jakarta , Bangkok , Hong Kong , Singapore , and Kuala Lumpur . If any of those flights is significantly cheaper , you can usually find a cheap budget flight from there to continue on to Bali . Searching leg-by-leg like this can save hundreds on your overall flight cost because flight search engines usually ca n't combine a long haul flight on one airline with a short flight on a separate budget airline . Ocean views in the Dominican Republic . The flyer picks the flight before choosing a destination to visit , to save money . Dayton , Ohio - Dallas , Fort Worth - 861 miles . Dallas , Forth Worth - Mexico City - 935 miles . Oaxaca , Mexico - Mexico City - 228 miles . Mexico City - Managua , Nicaragua - 994 miles . Managua - Panama City - 507 miles . Panama City - Port of Spain , Trinidad - 1234 miles . Port of Spain - St Lucia 217 miles . St Lucia - St George 's , Grenada - 131 miles . St George 's - Miami - 1535 miles . Miami - Dusseldorf , Germany , 4733 miles . Dusseldorf - Dresden , Germany , 304 miles . Prague , Czech Rep - Vienna , Austria , 173 miles . Vienna - Kiev , Ukraine , 665 miles . Lvov , Ukraine - Vienna , 356 miles . Vienna - Sofia , Bulgaria , 500 miles . Sofia - Vienna , 500 miles . Vienna - Vilnius , Lithuania , 587 miles . Vilnius - Helsinki , Finland , 393 miles . Helsinki - Berlin , Germany , 697 miles . Berlin - Chicago , 4412 miles . Chicago - Dayton , 240 miles . Total : 20205 miles . Do n't book in advance . Do n't buy domestic flights more than one-three months in advance . Fares rarely go on sale further than three months in advance , so you 'll miss out on some upcoming deals if you book too early . On the other side , do n't wait until the last minute to book . Unlike 20 years ago , standby fares are mostly a thing of the past and fares tend to shoot up in the final days before a flight actually takes place . For popular flight times during the holiday season or for long haul , look six months in advance . Being bumped is not the end of the world . Being delayed or bumped from a flight is a situation many travellers fear . However it could prove to be in your favour with some airports if you ask for money or frequent flyer miles instead of flight vouchers . ` I was once given a $ 500 voucher and a confirmed seat on the next flight -- an hour and a half later , ' Keyes wrote in How To Fly For Free . ` In other words , I earned $ 333/hour . ` Like me , if your goal is to fly for free , you probably do n't make $ 333/hour . ` Plus , unlike flights you book using miles , you actually earn miles when you pay using a voucher . ' Keyes is seen posing in front of the famed Materhorn on a previous trip , which straddles the border of Switzerland and Italy . Take advantage of tweet deck and email alerts . Do n't make flight hunting something you only do when looking to plan your trip . Constantly be updated with alerts and tweets promoting the cheapest tickets . Keyes recommends the best newsletter alerts are from Airfarewatchdog and The Flight Deal . You can also sign up to receive emails from the savvy traveller himself for deals he comes across . The writer recommends being open to stop off at a gateway airport in a cheaper destination , before continuing with the second leg of your journey to where you want to go .