Nick Clegg deserves another chance at being in power after suffering the wrath of voters , his wife Miriam said today . The Lib Dem leader 's wife said the party 's MPs ` deserve ' to be re-elected in May after putting the country above their party for five years ` at great personal cost ' . She hit the campaign trail on her own today , as Mr Clegg said she ` just wanted to do her bit ' for the party . Scroll down for video . Miriam Clegg joined Lib Dem Home Office minister Lynne Featherstone in Hornsey and Wood Green in North London , where they shared a joke over cuddly toy lamb . Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg takes a short break from campaigning and takes part in Go Ape Haldon Forest Park near Exeter today . Mr Clegg 's wife Mirian said he deserves another chance at being in power after suffering the wrath of voters since becoming Deputy PM in 2010 . Miriam , who uses her maiden name Gonzalez Durantez , today appeared alongside Lib Dem Home Office Minister Lynne Featherstone , who is battling to defend a near 7,000 majority in the north London seat of Hornsey and Wood Green . The pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining the girls and gangs in London , being produced by the Exposure project - a youth media enterprise . She is expected to campaign for several women candidates in the run up to the general election on May 7 . Speaking to reporters about her role in the campaign , Miriam said : ` I keep my day to day life , I keep working , I 'm doing what I did last time which is to help as much as I can . ` I am enjoying supporting women like Lynne - I think Lynne deserves to be re-elected . ' She added hat Lib Dems including her husband deserved another chance in power : ` I have seen Nick and these guys for five years putting country above party consistently , every single day . ` Very often at a great personal cost - they deserve to be back . ' The pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining the girls and gangs in London , being produced by the Exposure project - a youth media enterprise . The Lib Dem leader 's wife said the party 's MPs ` deserve ' to be re-elected in May after putting the country above their party for five years ` at great personal cost ' While his wife was campaigning in north London , Mr Clegg was 100 miles away at a campaign event in Chippenham , Wiltshire . Her appearance on the campaign trail comes after a series of high profile visits and media interviews by David Cameron 's wife Samantha . Ed Miliband 's wife Justine has also given interviews and spoken at campaign events in support of the Labour leader . It suggests that party leaders think their spouses could be key to wooing swing voters in key areas with polls suggesting the election is too close to call . While his wife was campaigning in north London , Mr Clegg was 100 miles away at a campaign event in Chippenham , Wiltshire . Mr Clegg , pictured taking a break at a cafe in Holt , Wiltshire said his wife ` wanted to do her bit ' for the Lib Dem cause . He said his wife ` wanted to do her bit ' for the Lib Dem cause . Asked if she was his ` secret weapon ' , he told ITV News : ` I , of course , think Miriam is brilliant in every single respect . ` Miriam just wanted to do her bit , particularly to support women standing for parliament , standing for election . ` I 'm delighted that she has been prepared to do so amongst all the many other things she has to do . '