Behind the highly-publicized trial of murderer Aaron Hernandez has played out a painful and private feud between two sisters . Hernandez 's fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , 25 , sobbed and hugged the killer 's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder , sending the ex-NFL star to prison for life with no chance of release . Just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom , sat her 23-year-old sister , Shaneah Jenkins , the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed with five bullets on June 17 , 2013 . The once-close sisters , who shared an apartment in their native Bristol , Connecticut , have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd 's brutal death . Scroll down for video . Happier times : Sisters Shaneah -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and Shayanna Jenkins -LRB- right -RRB- pictured in 2011 . The Aaron Hernandez murder trial has left them estranged . Torn apart : Shayanna Jenkins -LRB- pictured right -RRB- and her younger sister Shaneah -LRB- left -RRB- in their senior yearbook photo from 2007 at Bristol Central High School , Connecticut . The two sisters were close until Aaron Hernandez 's murder of Odin Lloyd left them on opposite sides of a murder trial . The girlfriend of Odin Lloyd -LRB- circled , bottom left -RRB- dabbed her eyes with a tissue as she sat across the aisle from her estranged sister and Hernandez 's fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , who sobbed and hugged the former NFL player 's mother Terri -LRB- top right -RRB- when the guilty verdict was announced . Shayanna Jenkins left the courtroom immediately after the guilty verdict on Wednesday morning and was seen driving away in her car , eyes shielded by sunglasses . She did not wait to hear the victim impact statement of Lloyd 's mother , Ursula Ward , who said that she had forgiven those who ` had a hand in my son 's murder both before and after ' . The mother also spoke of how her son Odin introducing her to his girlfriend Shaneah had been ` a gift ' in her life . Shaneah did not speak before the court but placed a comforting hand on Ms Ward when she spoke to media outside . The Jenkins sisters , who introduced the men , both attended the trial at times , sitting on opposite sides without exchanging a word , their rift on full display . Shayanna sat behind Hernandez , 25 , and could be seen joking with him , several times exchanging whispered ` I love yous ' when she attended . Shaneah sat with Lloyd 's family . Before he was killed , she and Lloyd , 27 , had made plans to move in together while she attended law school in Boston . Both sisters took the stand during the two-and-a-half-month murder trial in Fall River , Massachusetts . When Shaneah took the stand against Hernandez , her sister sat in the front row , supporting the former Pats star and father of her two-year-old daughter , Avielle . The sisters , for a time , took similar paths , according to Shaneah 's testimony . The women grew up together in Bristol , Connecticut , and both attended Bristol Central High School . They have a 16-year-old younger sister . Shayanna had an on-and-off relationship with Hernandez that spanned the last two years of high school . When Hernandez went off to Florida to play football , Shayanna went to community college . After Hernandez was drafted by the Patriots in 2010 , Shayanna left college and moved with him to a Massachusetts condo . Hernandez 's mother , Terri , -LRB- right -RRB- and fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , -LRB- left -RRB- broke down in sobs and clutched at each other as each juror pronounced Hernandez guilty on all charges on Wednesday . Victim Odin Lloyd 's girlfriend , Shaneah Jenkins , appeared overwhelmed on Wednesday as Hernandez was jailed for life . The murderer is her sister Shayanna 's fiancé . Aaron Hernandez reacts after being found guilty of first-degree murder and other charges on Wednesday . He was sentenced to life in prison without chance of parole in Fall River , Massachusetts . Two years later , Hernandez signed a $ 40 million contract and , that November , Shayanna gave birth to a daughter , Avielle Janelle . The family moved into a mansion in North Attleborough , not far from Gillette Stadium . Shaneah , like her sister , enrolled in community college but later transferred to Central Connecticut State University . Shayanna Jenkins , pictured in her senior yearbook photo in 2007 . She began dating Hernandez while she was at Bristol Central High School . She held down several jobs while majoring in criminology : at a home care company , for a law firm and at a Comfort Suites hotel in Southington , Connecticut . Her older sister , who had also once worked there , helped her get the job . It was there that Shaneah met Lloyd , who was doing electrical work with a crew staying at the hotel , in January 2012 . By March , they were dating . They talked every day and after Lloyd 's work in Connecticut ended , their relationship deepened . Lloyd and Hernandez first met in August 2012 , when , for the younger sister 's birthday , Hernandez got a skybox for a Patriots game at Gillette Stadium . After that , the men saw each other a few times a month , Shaneah told the court . She would stay with her sister and Hernandez when she went to Massachusetts to visit Lloyd every couple of weeks . ` Almost every time I went there , he was with me , ' Shaneah testified . During those visits , while the sisters would hang out upstairs , go shopping or get their nails done , Lloyd and Hernandez would sometimes hole up in the basement ` man cave ' and smoke marijuana , often with other people , Shaneah testified . A few times , the couples went to clubs together . By May 2013 , Shaneah graduated college and had big plans : pursuing a law degree at New England School of Law . She was moving to Boston , she testified , and she and Lloyd were planning to move in together . The next month , Lloyd was dead . Shaneah , now a second-year criminal law student , tearfully testified about getting the call from police in the middle of the night . She called her mother . Her next call was to her older sister . After heading to see Lloyd 's mother in Boston , Shaneah and her uncle drove to the home Shayanna and Hernandez shared . Surveillance video played in court from inside the home showed Shayanna giving her a long hug . As she watched the video play from her seat in the front row , Shayanna put her hand on her forehead , then wiped away tears . But other parts of Shaneah 's testimony seemed to agitate the older sister , who had her arms crossed and bounced her leg , occasionally emitting sighs as her sister spoke . Ursula Ward , mother of the victim , speaks to the media outside court on Wednesday . Her late son 's girlfriend , Shaneah Jenkins , -LRB- second left -RRB- gave her a comforting pat on the arm . Hernandez 's fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , fled the court on Wednesday morning after Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder . Shayanna pulled out a notebook and began scribbling notes at a few points , including when Shaneah insisted Hernandez had checked in with her only once to see how she was doing in the days after Lloyd was found dead . Hernandez 's lawyer presented Shaneah with her own grand jury testimony , when she said he had periodically asked if she was OK . Shayanna then shared the notes with Hernandez 's legal team . Shayanna attended just one day of her sister 's testimony - when Shaneah was cross-examined . During that time , the sisters did not make eye contact , except once . Soon after she took the stand , the prosecutor asked if she saw her sister in the courtroom . Shaneah at first said no , until Shayanna craned her neck to make sure she was seen . Hernandez had been in the way . Then at the end of last month , it was Shayanna 's turn to take the stand for the prosecution after she was granted immunity . Prosecutors earlier accused Jenkins of lying to a grand jury 29 times as it probed Lloyd 's murder . Shayanna Jenkins , fiancee of the former Patriots player , testified at his murder trial in March . She stuttered and said ` we 're estranged ' when asked about her relationship with her sister . Shayanna Jenkins ' younger sister , Shaneah , cried in court as her sister testified about disposing of items from Hernandez 's home after the murder . To her right is Lloyd 's mother Ursula . They accused her of getting rid of possible evidence on Hernandez 's instructions - including the murder weapon , a .45 Glock pistol . Shaneah testified she saw her sister carry a garbage bag to the basement after getting calls and texts the morning after Lloyd 's body was found . Shayanna was seen on her own home surveillance cameras carrying a box from her basement and borrowing her sister 's car to take it away . She testified to the court that she had ` no memory ' of where she disposed of the box . The box , nor the murder weapon , has ever been found . Her sister , Shaneah Jenkins , who was dating murder victim Lloyd , left the court sobbing as she made that statement . Shayanna , wearing her large diamond engagement ring on the stand , borrowed Shaneah 's car to carry out the errand after the younger sister came to her home to grieve for her murdered boyfriend . She told the court that she believed it was the first time she had ever borrowed her sister 's vehicle . Shayanna appeared unruffled by the intense scrutiny being placed on by the prosecution over her alleged lies to the grand jury . But when she was asked about her relationship with her younger sister , she paused and stuttered : ` We 're estranged . '