Dele Alli is excited by the prospect of playing under Mauricio Pochettino next season and believes Tottenham are the ` perfect ' club for him . This has been a whirlwind season for the 19-year-old , with his exceptional performances for MK Dons earning a £ 5million move to White Hart Lane in February . Alli has yet to feature for Spurs having been immediately loaned back to his boyhood club , where he has continued to impress - so much so that on Sunday he was crowned the Football League Young Player of the Year . MK Dons teenager Dele Alli picked up the Young Player of the Year award on Sunday night . The midfielder was quick to credit MK Dons upon picking up the award and is determined to repay their faith by helping them secure promotion to the Championship . ` MK has got a special place in my heart but obviously I have signed to Tottenham , ' Alli said . ` Whilst I am at MK , I am just going to be focused on them , right until the end of the season . ` To get promotion would be the perfect ending to a fairytale , really . ` Obviously , being from MK and playing for MK my whole life , to get us promoted would be a dream come true . ' The talented midfielder 's performances led to Tottenham signing him for £ 5million in January transfer window . The Dons sit third in League One and have three matches to make up the one-point gap Preston hold in the final automatic promotion spot . Alli has been key to Karl Robinson 's side , scoring 16 goals in 41 appearances , but admits it has not always been easy to concentrate as the speculation mounted . ` I am not going to lie and say it has n't been hard because it has , ' he said . ` For a few years now there have been rumours of me going places . I 've been speaking to my agent to see what it is all about . ` Obviously the last year really it has picked up a bit and there has been a lot more speculation about me going other places . Alli paid tribute to Tottenham boss Pochettino for trusting young players . ` In this transfer window , towards the end , it was a bit of a rollercoaster , to be fair . ` When it came that I could come to Tottenham , obviously I had a look and I spoke to my agent . We had to think about the manager and all the pros and cons about it . ` We could n't think of anything wrong , really , about it - it is the perfect club for me , hopefully . I am just going to do the best I can . ' The chance to work with Pochettino is clearly one of the positives for Alli , given the former Argentina international 's willingness to give young players a chance . ` That 's the big thing for youngsters , ' he said . ` When you go , you do n't want a manager that 's not going to have any trust in young players . ` I think with him you can see already that he has a lot of faith in youngsters and I think as a young player you need that , just for confidence in yourself . ` You need a manager that believes in you and shows that he believes in you by playing you . '