Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine is not a daredevil stunt driver who raced in Furious 7 - she just plays one on TV . In the run-up to the premiere of the latest installment in the Fast & Furious franchise , the athletic , petite brunette gained notice with her claims she was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick starring Vin Diesel , Michelle Rodriguez and Dwayne Johnson . But as the car blog Jalopnik reported Thursday , Lafontaine has been brazenly misrepresenting herself as a member of the film 's crew . Scroll down for video . Pump the brakes : Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on Furious 7 , but this week she was unmasked as a fraud . Need for speed : The 5-foot-5 , 95-pound actress told a blogger during the Furious 7 premiere in LA Friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set . At a Furious 7 premiere in Los Angeles last week , Lafontaine posed with a lime-green Challenger used in the movie and was interviewed by a blogger for a segment that was later featured on CNN 's iReport . In the interview , which has since been taken down , the 5-foot-5 , 95-pound actress gushed about how thrilling it was for her to join a major franchise like Fast & Furious . ` Being both an actress and stunt driver , there is no better film to be involved in , ' she told her interviewer . When asked what it was like being the only female stunt car driver , Lafontaine addressed some of the challenges of working in a male dominated-industry . ` Female stunt drivers are far and few in between , ' she lamented , without missing a beat . ` It 's hard to break into the stunt industry , even harder if you are a female . ` But to be the only female stunt driver on a set of this magnitude was absolutely mind blowing ! I feel very honored . And blessed . ' Ms Lafontaine then talked about the filming process , saying she did most of her driving in the desert and that her record speed on the shoot was 140mph . Joel Kramer , the supervising stuntman for Furious 7 , told Jalopnik that his drivers usually do n't go above 50mph for safety reasons . Nice try : Lafontaine even Photoshopped herself into a poster of the film , wedging her picture between Michelle Rodriguez and the late Paul Walker . Cog in a machine : A stunt supervisor on Furious 7 said Lafontaine worked as an extra on the set -LRB- pictured -RRB- - one among some 1,500 people . More lies : During an interview with New York Fashion Times , Lafontaine said she became licensed with the International Stunt Association in Europe and later got certified as a stunt driver in California . When asked about the passing of Fast & Furious franchise stalwart Paul Walker , who was killed in a car crash last year , Lafontaine said that he was sorely missed on the set , where she described the mood as very somber . ` But the job had to be done . The film had to be complete . It definitely was not an easy task , ' she noted . Lafontaine then launched into a monologue about how proud she was to be part of the Furious 7 stunt family , how she has never sought public recognition for her ` craft , ' and how driving was in her blood . ` It 's a lifelong passion , and I am just simply grateful I am able to live my passion , ' she concluded . During that interview , Ms Lafontaine causally mentioned that she has been in the stunt industry ` for a while ' - a statement that would come back to haunt her later on . The iReport from the Hollywood premiere last Friday raised some eyebrows among stunt drivers , who wasted no time calling Lafontaine out as a con artist . Backlash : Members of the stunt community quickly called out Lafontaine for her fibs on Twitter and Facebook , insisting that she was a fraud and a liar . Brazen : Lafontaine , pictured right with director Marc Scarpa , talked about the somber mood on the set after Paul Walker 's passing last year . Eddie Perez , a director and stunt coordinator , tweeted in response to Lafontaine 's bold claims : ` Social media and self promotion can be deceiving but you will get caught . ' Stuntwoman Heidi Pascoe also did not mince words , calling the wannabe racer a ` liar ' and a ` fraud . ' Tamiko B , another member of the stunt community , was equally harsh in her appraisal of Lafontaine . All smiles : Lafontaine proudly posed with action star Jason Statham , who starred in Furious 7 . ` What a pathetic excuse for a person , you should be banned from the entertainment industry , ' she tweeted in reaction to the eviscerating Jalopnik takedown of the bogus Furious 7 crew member . As the automotive blog reported , Lafontaine 's lie-riddled interview on iReport was not a matter of an ambitious performer getting carried away or fudging a few minor details , given that she has made similar claims on other occasions . During an interview with New York Fashion Times , Lafontaine asserted that after being asked to perform car stunts in a movie she was in , she became licensed with the International Stunt Association in Europe and later got certified as a stunt driver in California . After offering a jumbled response to a question about car brakes - Lafontaine claimed stunt drivers do n't use brakes but instead ` rig ' emergency breaks - she mentioned that the latest film she worked on was Furious 7 . Kramer , the stun supervisor on the film , stated that Lafontaine was not employed as a driver . Her connection to the project did not go beyond her role as an extra in a crowd of 1,500 . He also refuted Lafontaine 's assertion that she was the only female driver on set , saying that the production involved at least seven or eight female stunt doubles , including the veteran racer Debbie Evans Leavitt . But Lafontaine 's Flickr account and IMDB page painted a very different picture . On her photo-sharing page , the fashion designer and actress uploaded a black-and-white Furious 7 poster , with her face crudely Photoshopped between Michelle Rodriguez and the late Paul Walker . The post was accompanied by the hashtags #stuntdriver #workingactress #workinggirl . On her IMDB page , Lafontaine , who has about a dozen and half minor movie credits -- including a manicurist in What Just Happened and a hotel guest in Will Smith 's Hitch - is listed as an unaccredited ` race car driver ' in Furious 7 . About-face : In response to the growing outrage sparked by her claims , Lafontaine issued a statement on her Facebook Monday apologizing for a ` misunderstanding ' Small-time thespian : Lafontaine has about a dozen and half minor movie credits -- including a manicurist in What Just Happened and a hotel guest in Will Smith 's Hitch . She listed Furious 7 as her most recent project on IMDB , describing herself as an unaccredited ` race car driver ' in the film . In response to the growing backlash sparked by her Furious 7 premiere interview , Lafontaine issued a muddled statement on her Facebook Monday apologizing for a ` misunderstanding . ' ` Dear friends and co-workers , please accept my humblest apologies for any confusion and/or misunderstandings with regards to the CNN iReport article `` Furious 7 World Premiere with female stunt car driver Sulinh Lafontaine , ' she wrote . ` As you are all aware I am new to this industry and I am learning as I go along . I had no idea that an inconsequential interview of a few questions about my experience working with all of you , would create such a rift between us . ` I assure you , I meant no harm and I hope you will accept my apologies for any inconvenience it may have caused . I am new to this industry and I hope that in the future you can give me advice on how to better handle this type of situation , if it ever arises again . ` The article has now been taken down . Thanks for being understanding while I learn the Hollywood ropes . ' Miss Lafontaine has since deleted her Facebook and Twitter accounts . Daily Mail reached out to the actress for comment but has not received a reply as of 10 pm Thursday .