Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos . The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £ 20,000 fine , that 's more than au $ 38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac . Delayed : Qantas have been told they could loose thier eight Heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport . Fairfax published an internal a memo sent by Captain Martin Gardiner , manager of base operations at Sydney , that details the airlines failings while insisting can staff improve their waning performance . ` As a result of our performance , London airport has given Qantas an official warning ; meaning that we could be fined £ 20,000 -LSB- $ AU38 ,336 -RSB- for each non-compliance of our slot time , or worse lose our slot . ' ` We have been asked to advise Heathrow what our plans are to improve this performance . All areas of the business including flight operations are now monitoring the performance of these services very closely so that we can improve our performance and retain our landing slots in -LSB- London -RSB- . ' Qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport . While Qantas ' on time performance rating at Heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of February , they are at serious risk of losing their landing spots at Heathrow before next flying season . Captain Gardiner reportedly said changes in flight times in the last 12 months had ` placed some additional stress on our network and turn-around times ' . A Qantas spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that there are a number of factors that can impact our arrival time into London and because of the way scheduling works , small delays on a long journey have a cumulative knock on affect . ` One of the biggest impacts is air traffic delays to get into Heathrow , which is a particular issue because we arrive at one of the most popular times and the airport is now at about 100 per cent capacity . ' He said Qantas will be trying to increase the speed of A380 flights to ensure they make it to Heathrow in time . A Qantas spokesperson said air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai were to blame for the late arrivals .