Australian MP Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression . The Minister for Investment and Trade , who battled depression for 43 years , appeared on ABC 's q & a program , and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach . ` For 10 years , I drove to work with a pen in my mouth because someone told me if your face is configured like you 're smiling , your brain thinks you are and it releases endorphins , ' he said . Scroll down for video . Australian MP Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave of depression . ` I do n't know what people thought driving the other way , but I tried everything . ' Mr Robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun - which causes him to sneeze - because it would give him a ` hit of endorphins ' . He also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood , but it was medication that ` really did the trick ' . ` For the last four years I 've had better days than any days for the 43 years before , ' Mr Robb said . ` For the last four years I 've had better days than any days for the 43 years before , ' Mr Robb said . Mr Robb stood down from parliament in 2009 due to his battle with depression . Labor MP Anna Burke later said depression , and the high suicide rate in Australia , was an ` epidemic ' . The former Speaker of the House also said Australians are too focused on hospital beds and should instead invest more in prevention strategies . ` We need to get people going to the doctors early , ' Ms Burke said . Mr Robb also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood , but it was medication that ` really did the trick ' Labor MP Anna Burke said it is key for Australia to invest in prevention strategies for mental health . ` We do n't need them to wait 43 years like Andrew did , ' Ms Burke said . ` We do n't need them to wait 43 years like Andrew did . ` We need the prevention there at the beginning . We are obsessed with hospital beds in this country . Why are we waiting for everybody to end up at the bottom of a cliff in the ambulance going to the hospital ? '