From allegations of sexism to claims of fakery , it seems Bear Grylls ' latest TV show is never far from controversy , and producers are now back in hot water again . It has been revealed that starving competitors on the survival show hunted and killed an endangered crocodile during filming after the show 's bosses mistook it for a more common species . Male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they tracked down and killed what the show 's producers thought was a common caiman - a small , relatively common reptile . Scroll down for video . Male competitors on Bear Grylls ' show The Island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers believed was a common caiman - but later discovered was an endangered American crocodile . However , suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual , and it has now turned out to be an endangered American crocodile . While the animal 's exact numbers in the wild are unknown , conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered . Most U.S. states in which the creature is native , along with islands in the Caribbean , parts of Mexico and South America have all passed laws protecting the creature . According to The Sun , the show 's producers had surveyed the islands used during the show before contestants were set loose , trying to identify any animals which would be off-limits for hunting . A spokesman for Channel 4 said the islands used in the show were surveyed to establish what wildlife lived there before filming , and it was not known that American crocodiles -LRB- pictured -RRB- could be found there . While several caimans had been discovered , it was not known that the American crocodile also lived there until the competitors found it . The episode in which the animal is killed on a remote island off Panama , central America , will be screened tonight . A spokesman for Channel 4 , which produced the show , said : ` This was a genuine and regrettable error . Prior to filming experts were consulted to ascertain species on both islands and the American crocodile was not known to be in the area or on the island . ` The relevant national environment agency are aware of the incident and have granted a licence to replace the animal which has now been done . '