Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation zone with a remarkable 5-3 win at Marseille as the home side 's alarming slump continued at the Stade Velodrome . Three successive defeats had destroyed Marseille 's hopes of landing the Ligue 1 title and they had not won at home since January 31 , but the odds were still stacked against visitors Lorient who knew nothing other than victory would take them out of the bottom three . Florian Thauvin might have given Marseille a sixth-minute lead after combining with Andre-Pierre Gignac but the Breton side were 2-0 ahead inside 13 minutes through Jordan Ayew and Francois Bellugou . Lorient 's Jordan Ayew celebrates with team mates after scoring against Marseille in a 5-3 away victory . Pierre-Andre Gignac looks as if he can not believe it as early title contenders Marseille 's season falls apart . Ayew punished his former club with a fine volley after nine minutes following Lamine Gassama 's cross and Romain Philippoteaux 's clever back heel into his path . Four minutes later Yann Jouffre 's free-kick saw Ayew beat Jeremy Morel in the air and Bellugou 's powerful header did the rest . Dimitri Payet 's pace offered Marseille hope of a comeback as the first half ended and Marcelo Bielsa 's side were level halfway through the second period . Ayew 's brother Andre halved the deficit with a 59th-minute backheel flick after Payet 's 35-metre free-kick had come back off a post and then Morel powered home a header eight minutes later from 12 yards . Both Andre -LRB- left -RRB- and Jordan -LRB- right -RRB- Ayew scored in the game , but the latter made the difference with a brace . The Lorient players celebrate a famous victory , and it was their first win in a poor run of five games . But - a minute later - Philippoteaux put Lorient ahead again with a run through the static home defence , only for Belgian substitute Michy Batshuayi to equalise with 14 minutes remaining after racing onto a long ball from Alaixys Romao . But Marseille capitulated in the final six minutes as Jordan Ayew scored his second from a fine solo run before Mathias Autret secured Lorient 's first win in five games after home goalkeeper Steve Mandanda had parried his first effort .