British jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks such as Burger King , Pringles and mojitos which they have had carried across the Turkish border into Syria . Would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq , who are desperately missing the Western treats . However , the hypocrisy in their choice of diet has n't gone unnoticed , with Twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden . Scroll down for video . ISIS fighter Jannahtain tweeted this picture of a Burger King Whopper , which he claimed had been snuck into Syria from Turkey . Another photo posted on his page showed chocolate , Pringles and even cans of pre-mixed mojitos . One fighter , using the Twitter handle Jannahtain , posted a photo of a Burger King Whopper burger and stated : ` That moment when a bro your -LRB- sic -RRB- helping cross the border into -LRB- Syria -RRB- asks you if you need anything from Turkey . Jihad2015 . ' But he was blasted by another user , who called him ` fake ' for enjoying food from the ` evil American corporation ' . The image followed another photo he posted displaying several packs of Pringles , Kinder chocolate , Oreos , m & m s and even pre-mixed cans of mojitos . It 's not the first time ISIS fighters have been caught with fast food sneaked across the border . Last month a delighted fighter known only as Ghareeb posted a picture of a McDonalds bag on his social media page . According to the fighter , one of his friends allegedly managed to bring in a bag full of five cheeseburgers when they traveled into Syria . Starved of any variety in his diet , the fighter tweeted it was first time in two years since he last ate one of McDonalds ' famous products . Meanwhile , four Britons who were detained in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross illegally into Syria were arrested on their return to England yesterday , police said . The four were part of a group of nine people , all members of the same family , who were detained in Turkey at the beginning of the month . Even McDonalds has been smuggled across from Turkey to accommodate ISIS fighters ' love of the American fast food chain . One of the nine , a 21-year-old man named in the media as Waheed Ahmed , the son of Rochdale politician Shakil Ahmed , was arrested when he returned to Britain on Tuesday . They were arrested on suspicion of the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism , police said . Thousands of foreigners have joined the ranks of Islamic State and other militant groups in Syria and Iraq , many of them crossing via Turkey . Turkish and other security services estimate some 600 are Britons , including Mohammed Emwazi , named ` Jihadi John ' in the British media , who has appeared in several Islamic State beheading videos . About half of the 600 are thought to have returned home .