From the moment I set foot on my terrace overlooking the scenic Douro river to the divine meal I ate at its Michelin-starred restaurant , The Yeatman played a wonderful trick on me . The five-star hotel in Porto celebrates all things wine - Port wine , in particular - and has the feel of a place steeped in decades-old tradition , with a prime location , classic design and unblemished attention to detail . But , to my surprise , The Yeatman has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar . In those five years it has been hitting all the right notes , developing a reputation as a haven for wine lovers and one of Portugal 's best luxury hotels . The Bacchus suite at The Yeatman boasts a high-vaulted wooden ceiling , copper Jacuzzi , fireplace and a rotating bed . Portugal 's first wine hotel is built into a hill , providing sweeping views of Porto and the Douro river from the indoor pool and guest rooms . When guests arrive at The Yeatman they set foot in a stunning lobby with a statue of Bacchus , the Roman god of wine . For guests like myself , who know little about wine but will never allow it to go to waste , it presents an opportunity to learn and develop an appreciation for the picturesque Douro region 's nectar . Even though the hotel is dedicated to wine , it 's not just for enthusiasts . Regardless of their knowledge or palate , guests can take advantage of two other things that The Yeatman specialises in : relaxation and imaginative food . When I arrived on a Friday night I stepped into the immaculate lobby - accentuated with a statue of Bacchus , the Roman god of wine - to the sound of an acoustic guitar drifting from Dick 's Bar , the in-house bar where couples canoodle on couches and bartenders mix Port wine cocktails . With more than 80 wines by the glass it is the only bar in Porto to remain open 24 hours a day . Public spaces inside the five-star hotel , including the lobby and Dick 's Bar , offer a breathtaking view of Portugal 's second-largest city . The Yeatman is located in Vila Nova de Gaia ; it is separated from Porto by the Douro river , which spills into the Atlantic Ocean . The Yeatman 's large decanter-shaped infinity pool is heated and surrounded by a terrace with plenty of space to lounge in the sun . From the statue of Bacchus , guests ' attention usually moves to the large glass doors and windows that offer sweeping views of the river and the Luis I Bridge , which links Porto and Vila Nova de Gaia . Guests are afforded the same luxury when they enter their room and set foot on the private terrace , which has impressive views across the river of Portugal 's second-largest city . The Yeatman , Portugal 's first luxury wine hotel , is built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia , with all of its 82 rooms facing the river and almost every one themed after a Portuguese winery . Guest rooms at The Yeatman face the river , and almost all of them are themed after a Portuguese winery -LRB- pictured : superior room -RRB- . Each guest room is decorated in an understated , classic style , with a private terrace where guests can relax outdoors . No visit to Porto in northern Portugal is complete without a sampling of its most famous export - Port wine . Guests at The Yeatman are just a short walk from Taylor 's wine lodges and cellars , where its Port wine ages in thousands of barrels . Owned by Taylor , Fladgate & Yeatman , which owns the hotel , the compound offers informative tours and tastings , with visitors learning about the history of the sweet wine and the House of Taylor 's , which is in its fourth century . After the tour guests are offered three Port wines - chip dry -LRB- extra dry white -RRB- , late bottled vintage and 10-year-old tawny - and they can pay extra to sample premium Port wines . My tour included a stop inside one of the cellars , which houses nearly 2,000 barrels containing Port wine as old as 1880 and a giant barrel capable of holding 100,000 litres . Located next door to The Yeatman , Taylor 's Port wine cellars offers affordable informational tours and tastings for visitors . My superior room , themed after the Quinta do Passadouro winery , was decorated with its labelled bottles , photos of its vineyard and regional artefacts , plus vintage-like furniture and lime green curtains , giving it a luxurious but laid-back feel . Like the rooms , each floor has a theme . Floor one , where the outdoor pool is located , is decorated with framed maps of Portugal , while other floors focus on local history or Portuguese discoveries . Wine is front and centre at this polished hotel , owned by centuries-old Port wine producer Taylor , Fladgate & Yeatman , but one could argue that the real star of the show is the Gastronomic Restaurant . The restaurant at The Yeatman is the only one in Porto to carry a Michelin star , offering exceptional service and creative dishes . Tasting menus include dishes such as crispy suckling pig belly -LRB- pictured -RRB- , and codfish with corn bread crumble and chickpea puree . It is the only restaurant in Porto to carry a Michelin star , and during my visit I was treated to a two-hour culinary masterclass with exceptional service and creative dishes from start to finish . The tasting menu included a langoustine broth with crunchy langoustine and Champagne sauce , roasted codfish with corn bread crumble and chickpea puree , crispy suckling pig belly with cardinal prawn slices and herb sprouts , and a chocolate cafe with toffee and caramel ice cream - all paired with Portuguese wines . Best enjoyed before indulging , guests can spoil themselves at the Caudalie Vinotherapie Spa , which offers a number of treatments that stick with the hotel 's wine theme . Guests can spoil themselves at the Caudalie Vinotherapie Spa , which offers a number of treatments that stick with the wine theme . Spa visits include access to a Roman bath -LRB- pictured -RRB- , sauna and The Yeatman 's indoor panoramic infinity pool . Spectacular views are enjoyed from the spa 's private barrel bath rooms , where guests relax in bubbling water enriched with a grape extract . I was treated to the spa 's signature massage - the Caudalie relaxing massage , with grape extract oils - after spending some time in the relaxation room , which offers another impressive vantage point of the hustle and bustle across the river . TAP Portugal -LRB- www.flytap.com , 0345 601 0932 -RRB- flies from London Gatwick to Porto 14 times a week , with return fares starting at £ 120 including all taxes and surcharges . Porto Airport is just a 20-minute drive from The Yeatman . Spectacular views can also be enjoyed from the spa 's private barrel bath rooms , where guests relax in bubbling water enriched with a conditioning grape extract . The spa has two levels connected by a spiral staircase set within a giant port wine barrel , and guests also have access to a Roman bath , sauna and The Yeatman 's indoor panoramic infinity pool . From the spa to the restaurant and everywhere in between , everything at The Yeatman comes back to wine , with the hotel acting as an ambassador . One of the features that should delight anyone with an appreciation for it is a ` working cellar ' on the lower level . Open two hours every day , guests can head down with a sommelier to pick out a wine - from Portugal or another wine-producing nation - to pair with their dinner . After my two-night stay at The Yeatman I still consider myself a novice when it comes to the finer points of wine , but I left feeling confident that there will be fewer surprises the next time I pick up a bottle at the supermarket . The Yeatman . Rua do Choupelo -LRB- Santa Marinha -RRB- . Vila Nova de Gaia . Porto 4400-088 . Portugal . +351 220 133 100 . www.the-yeatman-hotel.com . Rooms starting from € 175 in low season and € 250 in high season . The Yeatman is offering a summer programme from May 1 to October 31 , requiring a minimum two nights ' stay in a superior room or suite . On a per-night basis prices start from € 310 for double occupancy in a superior room or € 495 in a suite , with guests receiving 20 per cent off the price of treatments at the Caudalie Vinotherapie Spa , a luxurious buffet breakfast served in The Orangerie Room , car parking , and late check-out . Children stay for free , and the programme includes access to the well-being area , indoor and outdoor pools , and gymnasium . Visit Taylor 's website for information on Port wine cellar tours and tastings .