Thierry Henry has responded to critics who disagreed with his views on Javier Hernandez 's celebration , by posting an 84-minute compilation video of Michael Laudrup 's passing . Former Arsenal striker Henry , now a pundit for Sky Sports , took exception to Hernandez celebrating ` like he 'd won the World Cup ' after scoring the winning goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday night , and said after the match that he owed everything to his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo . The three-time World Player of the Year could have shot with two minutes to go in Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final second leg against bitter rivals Atletico , but opted instead to tee up team-mate Hernandez , who himself slotted the ball home to secure victory . Real Madrid striker Javier Hernandez earned his side Champions League victory with a late goal . The on-loan Mexican striker wheeled away in celebration by himself after firing Madrid into the lead . Hernandez is welcomed by the ecstatic Real Madrid fans following his late goal against rivals Atletico . Defending his views on Twitter , Henry said on Thursday : ` Football is a team game . Yes CH14 _ scored the all important goal but the work of @cristiano made it possible . It can not be underestimated . ` I love it when players celebrate and acknowledge the player that made the assist . The pass can be just as important as the goal . ' Henry then went on to post an 84-minute video of former Barcelona midfielder Laudrup , alongside the message : ` Look at this video , you have one of the most unselfish players in the game showing the significance of the final ball . ` That is football . That is #michaellaudrup . ' WATCH : The video Henry posted of former Juventus and Barcelona midfielder Laudrup . Thierry Henry was quick to criticise the Mexican striker for the way in which he celebrated his winner . Ronaldo plays the ball across the face of goal to unselfishly find his Real Madrid team-mate Hernandez . At the time , Henry had slammed Hernandez 's one-man celebration , commenting on Sky Sports : ` I know he went on to celebrate alone and everything but he needs to thank Ronaldo , because for me he has to . It 's Ronaldo who chooses to change the course of the game . ` That is for me Ronaldo 's goal . There is two minutes to go , he did n't want to take that chance because he knows Hernandez is in a better position so you have to play that ball . ` Ronaldo gave him that ball so that goal is Ronaldo 's goal . At that moment he knows he can not shoot so he does n't take the risk of doing something stupid or silly . '