Dozens of staff at Manchester United 's Megastore , including mascot Fred the Red , are sweating over their futures with the club 's world-record £ 750m kit deal about to kick in . On July 31 Nike , who employ Fred and a number of other workers at the Old Trafford shop , will see their agreement with the club expire . Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed , blaming the US sportswear giants for the issue . Manchester United mascot Fred the Red is among club megastore staff sweating over their jobs . A Manchester United fan wearing an Eric Cantona shirt outside the Old Trafford megastore on Sunday . However , Nike say they are in constant communication with the club and have entered into a consultation process with the staff . A United source told Sportsmail : ` All the staff are all worried sick about it . Some have left already because they ca n't wait . It 's out of order . They are all good people who work in there , and a lot of them do n't make much more than the minimum wage , and they can do without this . ` It seems as though Nike are using them as scapegoats because they have lost the rights to adidas . You would think someone could just tell them they are going to be alright . ' United are yet to make an official announcement about the Megastore after they kept hold of the rights as part of their huge deal with adidas . Fred the Red , who has been United 's official mascot since 1994 , with former manager Sir Alex Ferguson . The popular Old Trafford mascot poses with former defender Nemanja Vidic in May 2014 . Fred the Red has been Manchester United 's official mascot since 1994 and represents the club 's nickname , The Red Devils . He wears the No 55 shirt and entertains the crowd at Old Trafford before matches . It could prove to be a shrewd move given that they will not have to pay royalties on any items sold within the facility , which is based the East Stand and attracts visitors from all over the globe . Most staff work in the store itself , although many work in the warehouse behind it . A Nike spokesman revealed that talks were ongoing but failed to give any assurances . ` Nike is in constant communication with Manchester United on the transition of the store management to the club , ' they said . ` We are actively engaged in a consultation process with the store employees and have created an employee representation group for this specific purpose . ' United will head to the US for a summer tour and are expected to have to wear their existing Nike kit . No agreement has been reached to end the deal early and manager Louis van Gaal is unlikely to want to see his side in action after August 1 - so close to the start of the new Premier League season on August 8 .