A 20-year-old student at James Madison University in Virginia was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday from what has been described as a case of alcohol poisoning . Marisa Curlen , a native of Rye , New York , was a sophomore at the Harrisonburg college and a member of the Alpha Phi sorority . Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death , but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play . Tragic death : Marisa Curlen , 20 , a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday from apparent alcohol poisoning . Life cut short : The fresh-faced blonde beauty who studied managment at James Madison University -LRB- pictured -RRB- was found unresponsive in her room at the sorority house in Harrisonburg . Tracie Cooper , a spokeswoman for the Western District of the Chief Medical Examiner in Virginia , said toxicology tests are pending . It could take up to three months to find out what the college sophomore had in her system the night she died . Marisa Curlen 's sudden passing left her hometown in Westchester County reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School 's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year . ` The first one 's the warning , ' Rye High School senior Mike Augusta told CBS New York . ` The third ? I do n't even know what to make of it anymore . ' Michael Rath , 19 , Rye graduate and a student at Coastal Carolina University in Conway , South Carolina , was found dead in January 2014 at his apartment on campus . Peter Collins , 18 , a student at Marist College in Poughkeepsie , New York , was found unresponsive at his Rye home in July 2013 and passed away later in a hospital . Heartbroken : A family friend said Marisa 's mother , Julie Curlen -LRB- right -RRB- , was struck silent by her grief . Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death , but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play in the death of Miss Curlen , pictured left with her boyfriend . Third death : Curlen 's sudden passing left her hometown reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School 's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year . Curlen , the fresh-faced blonde beauty who was a star volleyball at Rye , was found unresponsive in her room at the sorority house in the 100 block of Lois Lane in Harrisonburg at around 7.30 am Friday . Sarah Lundberg , the president of Alpha Phi 's James Madison chapter , released a statement to the university 's student newspaper , The Breeze , Saturday night calling Curlen a dedicated sister ` who exemplified our values of sisterhood and loyalty . ' A family friend said Curlen 's mother , Julie , was struck silent with grief . The Journal News reported that a wake for Curlen will be held Friday afternoon in Rye , followed by a funeral service Saturday .