Olivier Giroud has admitted he gets ` p ***** ' with people talking about his latest hairstyle rather than his ability on the pitch for Arsenal . Giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about Arsene Wenger praising his animal instincts in Arsenal 's attack in the build-up to their 0-0 draw with Chelsea . Olivier Giroud believes the Premier League is Chelsea 's this season but Arsenal will contend next season . Giroud -LRB- left -RRB- could not score against Chelsea on Sunday as the London rivals drew 0-0 at The Emirates . Giroud believes Arsenal will continue to improve and challenge Chelsea for the Premier League next year . Instead the Arsenal forward , who has scored 18 goals this season , claimed he gets annoyed with people commenting on his slick appearance . Giroud said : ` I do n't want to speak any more about my appearance , my hair or anything , I get p ***** about that . ` I do n't know -LRB- if I am an animal -RRB- . I know one thing , in sport you have to question yourself every week and be ready in your head and you have to be at 100 per cent of determination if you want to keep going and win games , you can not afford to be at 80 or 90 per cent . ' The Gunners forward gets annoyed with people commenting on his slick appearance . Striker Giroud -LRB- left -RRB- wants to end the season with Arsenal in second and another FA Cup victory . Arsene Wenger has not led Arsenal into second since 2005 but could manage to do so this season . Arsenal remain 10 points behind Chelsea in the title race but Giroud insists the Gunners will never change their approach . Giroud added : ` I do n't know if -LSB- Chelsea -RSB- are boring - I have to ask my team-mates what they were singing because I do n't understand . ` There is a table that speaks for them . It is true maybe they are not playing the same game as us , but we are not going to change our game and they are not going to change their game . They are pleased with that and if they are champions , what can you say ? '