Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas . The highly usual situation was no coincidence , but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range . In order to ensure maximum exposure for their new Design Lab collection , the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress . Scroll down for video . Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modelled by no less than 50 fashionistas . The highly usual situation was no coincidence , but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range . The move proved an instant success as the $ 88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range . To convince that many fashionistas - including Caitlin Lindquist and Rachel Lynch - to promote your new line is extremely rare but Lord & Taylor did n't leave anything to chance and the company has admitted that it paid the bloggers to wear the paisley-print , handkerchief-hem summer dress . Adweek reports that the bloggers received ` unspecified compensation ' in return for giving the dress their seal of approval . ` The goal was to make -LSB- the potential customer -RSB- stop in her feed and ask why all her favorite bloggers are wearing this dress , and what is Design Lab ? Using Instagram as that vehicle is a logical choice , especially when it comes to fashion , ' said Lord & Taylor 's CMO Michael Crotty . Many of the posts generated more than 1,000 Likes each , with several surpassing 5,000 Likes and some reaching rarified levels like 13,000 Likes . Significantly , none of the bloggers were transparant on their Instagram feeds about the fact that Lord & Taylor had paid them to promote the dress . The move proved an instant success as the $ 88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range . In order to ensure maximum exposure for their new Design Lab collection , the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress . The Lord & Taylor deal highlights the gray area of bloggers receiving payment for promoting some goods and services , while others they lend their credability to for free . While newspapers and websites such as the Daily Mail Online have to be upfront and clearly state when something is paid for content , the rules are less stringent on social media . Many celebrities now promote products and luxury brands via Twitter in return for either payment or freebies . Rap star Snoop Dogg and actress Lindsay Lohan are among the famous names who have been paid by big businesses to promote products to their massive Twitter followings . In leaked Sony emails in December , it was revealed that comedian Kevin Hart had been paid $ 2 million to send out tweets to his 14.8 million followers promoting The Equalizer , starring Denzel Washington , and the Idris Elba film No Good Deed . ` Make sure yo go support my Brother @willpowerpacker this weekend by seeing `` No Good Deed '' ... @TherealTaraji & Idris kill this movie ! ' wrote the actor on September 12 . To convince that many fashionistas to promote your new line is extremely rare but Lord & Taylor did n't leave anything to chance and the company has admitted it paid the bloggers to wear the paisley-print , handkerchief-hem summer dress . Significantly , none of the bloggers were transparant on their Instagram feeds about the fact that Lord & Taylor had paid them to promote the dress .