Roberto Martinez complained Seamus Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick before the Everton defender conceded the penalty that allowed Swansea to pinch a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium . Everton manager Martinez felt Coleman had been barged by home striker Marvin Emnes before the Irish right-back scooped away the ball with his hands . And Martinez claimed referee Michael Oliver should have risen above the appeals from the Swansea faithful and used ` common sense ' to rule in favour of Everton . Seamus Coleman falls over under the challenge from Marvin Emnes and handles the ball . Coleman appears to apologise to the visiting fans at the full-time whistle , but his manager says he was fouled . Martinez said on BT Sport 1 : ` My thoughts are that straight away there is contact . Seamus tells me straight away there is contact and he gets unbalanced . ` Sometimes you need to apply a little bit of common sense . ` Clearly there 's contact . I 've seen it many times given as a free-kick . ` The whole action for me is too soft . I do n't think that there 's enough threat or a goalscoring threat to give a penalty . ` He 's trying to protect the ball and gets unbalanced and from that point he expects the free-kick to be given . The Everton players protest but Michael Oliver deemed Coleman 's handball deliberate , and gave a penalty . Jonjo Shelvey made no mistake from the spot as the former Liverpool midfielder equalised for Swansea . ` It 's one of those actions where you expect the referee to be a little bit more above the occasion . ` You felt the crowd were asking for two or three decisions and it was building up to a decision and unfortunately we were on the receiving end . ' Martinez labelled the result ` a real disappointment ' , after Aaron Lennon 's first-half strike had looked set to give the visitors all three points . Jonjo Shelvey tucked away the penalty equaliser in the 69th minute . Martinez added : ` The only criticism is we had a period of 10 , 15 , 20 minutes where we were too comfortable in the second half and did n't find that final shot or try to score the second goal , but apart from that I do feel the draw does n't reflect what happened . ' Roberto Martinez was clearly angry with the referee 's decision as his current side were held by his old club .