It 's not cheap at £ 7million but whoever buys this exclusive Georgian mansion is buying more than just a home - they 're buying the exact same view depicted in John Constable 's £ 23million painting Salisbury Cathedral From The Meadows . The Grade I listed Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close boasts a view of the River Avon , backing onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral . The property agents say they 'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres , on the market now for £ 6.95 million . But it 's nothing compared to the £ 23.1 million that the Tate paid in 2013 for the painting , inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the exclusive area in the 1820s , now on show at The National Museum of Wales , Cardiff . Expensive taste : This historic house in one of Britain 's most exclusive postcodes is up for sale for £ 6.95 million . Walton Canonry has been home to prominent figures of the church and the arts for nearly 300 years but is now on the market with property agent Savills . Inspiring view : The incredible view of Salisbury Cathedral from the front of the 18th century home that comes complete with 1.6 acres . Work of art : The painting inspired by a view from the meadow that was bought by The Tate for 23.1 million in May 2013 . Built around 1720 , it was named after Isaac Walton , son of the writer Izaak who wrote The Compleat Angler and lived in the medieval house that occupied the site beforehand . Cathedral Close was frequented by Constable in the 1820s after his close personal friend , the Bishop of Salisbury , commissioned him for another painting , Salisbury Cathedral From The Bishop 's Grounds . But he later created the more dramatic painting from the meadow with an ominous sky that many art experts believe reflected the turbulent state of his life at the time . Walton Canonry is also known as Whistler 's House , because it was home to the prominent 20th century painter Rex Whistler , who leased the home and featured many local landmarks in his work . The first freehold owner was Lesley MacDonagh , one of the City 's top legal figures , who bought it in 2007 for £ 3.7 million and after a painstaking renovation , made a £ 2.55 million profit when she sold it for £ 6.3 million to the current owners who run a charitable foundation . Through the keyhole : This is one of the luxurious rooms in Walton Cannonry , stylishly decorated in off-white with gold and wood trim . The wood-panelled walls are an insight into the tastes of the wealthy and powerful people throughout history who have lived in this classic home . Among the previous owners are artist Rex Whistler and author Leslie Thomas . Pristine gardens from the back of the property . With a water feature , perfectly trimmed hedges and paths arched with brick and trellis , the garden is one of the luxurious home 's best features . The house , which is 8,147 sq ft , has six bedrooms , two kitchens , a drawing room , dining room , study , office , library , media room and wine cellar , as well as a separate guest wing with its own sitting room , kitchen , bedroom and bathroom . It has spectacular views on both sides - towards the cathedral at the front and at the back the landscaped gardens lead to the River Avon and the water meadows beyond . Charles Stone from Savills , who are selling the property , said the house has a broad appeal , but the new owner will need deep pockets . He said houses in the close are so popular because you get the best of town and country living . Mr Stone added : ` It is quite rare to get a house like this on the market . There are probably about half a dozen houses of this value in the close . ` Some are still leasehold but a lot of the bigger ones now tend to be freehold . ` They all tend to front onto the river , which is nice , and a lot of them are very architecturally beautiful , which makes them very popular . ` But more than anything , what you 're really buying is a slice of town and country . ` You 've got the benefits of being within the enclave of the beautiful cathedral close but you 're only a moment 's walking distance into the city where you have access to all the amenities . ` And if you look the other way you 've got beautiful gardens , the river and the water meadows , that 's one of the reasons they are often very sought-after . ` This particular house is presented in immaculate order , everything is completely up-to-date and renovated , without ruining the character . ` It has quite a broad appeal - perhaps someone from London , or an ex-pat coming back from abroad . It could suit someone downsizing from a big estate or appeal to someone with a growing family . Front of house : The extravagant home on the market for £ 6.95 million is one of half a dozen in the close with a similar value .