Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children due to their personal beliefs may soon be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies . Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms that the government is actively researching possible legislation changes , as conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits . The hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day - old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting whooping cough . A subsequent galaxy poll found that 87 per cent of Australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory . Riley Hughes died at just 32 days old after suffering complications arising from whooping cough . Two days before Riley died his mother posted a photo of him wrapped in a blanket in hospital . Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children must give up their childcare payments from the government unless care is quarantined to the home , according to the Productivity Commission 's report into childcare . The national immunisation program current outlines that parents must vaccinate their children to be eligible for family payments and childcare rebates . However , people who choose not to vaccinate their children for philosophical , personal or religious beliefs are able to apply for an exemption -- meaning they can still access the payments without immunising their children . They can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form showing they understand the risks to their child if they do n't get vaccinated . A form must also be filled out , declaring the individual does not vaccinate their baby due to `` personal , philosophical , religious or medical beliefs involving a conviction that vaccination should not take place '' , they are still able to access the benefits . Mr Morrison believes there is essentially no excuse to excuse a parent when they decide not to vaccinate their child , especially as the decision could be potentially fatal for other children . While parents are required to vaccinate their children to receive benefits , they can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form showing they understand the risks to their child if they do n't get vaccinated . `` We believe that , unless you 're someone with a really deep held religious view there should be no exceptions and you should be getting your children immunised , '' the Opposition leader told Nine 's Weekend Today . `` The idea that your child 's going to a childcare centre and that some other parent does n't feel they like the science of immunisation , and therefore they come along and your child or anyone else 's child could catch something because some other parent has an opinion , that is n't really good enough is it , '' he said . It 's hoped a change to the governments benefit packages will motivate anti-vaccinators to immunise their children . `` The Government is reviewing the current exemptions on vaccinations that apply to family tax benefit payments and child care subsidies as part of the families package to be delivered this year , '' Mr Morrison told News Corp. . The Productivity Commission 's report now recommends rebates ` be conditional on the child being fully immunised , unless care occurs in the child 's home ' In February , the Productivity Commission handed down a report which recommended that rebates ` be conditional on the child being fully immunised , unless care occurs in the child 's home ' . Childcare centres in NSW can ban children that are not immunised and other states are currently considering similar tough stances . Labor leader Bill Shorten told the Sunday Telegraph the commission 's recommendation were a ` common-sense measure ' . ` Kids deserve to grow up safe and healthy . I 'm not comfortable with the idea of subsidising people who put kids ' health at risk , ' he said . ` Childcare support should go to people who are doing the right thing by their child and the children they play with . Families who do the right thing by immunising their child should n't have to worry about whether their child is going to pick up a preventable illness at their childcare centre . ' Social Services Minister Scott Morrison said he was open to anything in the report and admitted it made some very important suggestions in the area of immunisations .