A mother is suing her local council over claims it ignored complaints of bullying that she says left her autistic daughter with post-traumatic stress disorder . Tracy Stratton said her daughter , Tianni , suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at Greenacres Primary School in Eltham , south east London . She claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house . A psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD , she added . Bullied : Tracy Stratton claims seven-year-old Tianni -LRB- pictured together -RRB- has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house . A psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD , she added . Ms Stratton is now claiming damages from The Royal Borough of Greenwich Council , after she says the school ignored at least five reports of bulling . The 45-year-old said Tianni ` absolutely adored ' school when she first started last April but that signs of trouble emerged just four weeks later when her daughter started to become more reserved . Worried her daughter was being picked on , Ms Stratton said she approached staff at the school but that they refused to listen to her concerns . One one occasion , Ms Stratton said her daughter , who is half Asian , wore sun cream in an attempt to change the colour of her skin . Victim : Tianni , suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at Greenacres Primary School in Eltham , south east London , her mother claims . She said : ` On the walk home from school she put sun cream on . She has beautiful brown skin . ` She put a big dollop of sun cream on her arm and said , ` look mum I 'm white , I 'm English now '' . ` I wiped it off and said , `` you are English , you have beautiful brown skin , anytime anyone says that remember one thing : brown is beautiful and do n't let anyone else tell you different '' . ` I wanted to burst into tears . ' But the full-time mother said she only realised the full extent of the bullying when she saw her daughter being attacked in the playground shortly before the start of the school summer holidays . She said : ` I saw a girl slap her but the teachers tried to say she was making it up because of her autism . ' A few weeks later , Tianni confided in her mother and grandmother about the abuse . Ms Stratton then reported the bullying five times in writing , according to legal documents . Tianni refused to go back to school and is now being educated at home . Ms Stratton said she had no choice but to approach a solicitor in September who handed the council a legal notice in December after her daughter verged on being a mute . She said : ` She was never Mrs Chatty but she 's got worse since she was diagnosed with PTSD in November . ` My daughter went from a bright , happy and vibrant little girl who wanted to play with her friends and do what other girls her age were doing to being a recluse , like a flower that has wilted . Ms Stratton said she had no choice but to approach a solicitor in September who handed the council a legal notice in December after her daughter verged on being a mute . Above , the mother and daughter at home . ` I got a solicitor in October when nobody at the school was listening to me and we launched the legal action in December . ` Tianni 's had her life interrupted . I want to sue for damages for her trauma . ' The Royal Borough of Greenwich refused to comment . A spokesperson said : ` The council does n't comment on individual cases . ' Ms Stratton said she only realised the full extent of the bullying when she saw her daughter being attacked in the playground at Greenacres Primary School -LRB- pictured -RRB- shortly before the start of the summer holidays .