One problem with space travel is that humans are n't very good at coping with reduced gravity - their bones and muscles deteriorate over time . But one company says they have an answer - a giant rotating space cylinder that can create artificial gravity . Scroll down for video . A Washington , DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station . Their giant cylinder -LRB- shown , with the ISS and Space Shuttles illustrated -RRB- could apparently replace the ISS . It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity , and would be 1,300 ft -LRB- 400 metres -RRB- long , cost £ 200 billion -LRB- $ 300 billion -RRB- and take 30 years to build . The ` space mushroom ' was designed by Bill Kemp and Ted Maziejka from United Space Structures -LRB- USS -RRB- , based in Washington , DC . The final design would be 330ft -LRB- 100 metres -RRB- in diameter and 1,310 ft -LRB- 400 metres -RRB- long . • Orbiting Hotel/Casino/3D Sports Arena . • Orbiting space station - Planetary environmental monitoring/Research . • Solar system space vehicle . • Settlement cargo vehicle & construction platform . • Rescue vehicle . • Continuously looping space ferry system . • Mining vehicle/platform . • Manufacturing platform . • Bio-medical research/manufacturing . Artificial gravity is created by spinning the station 4.22 times per minute around its vertical axis , creating downward pressure via the centrifugal force to keep objects - including humans - on the floor . The force would be the same as the gravity experienced on Earth . Meanwhile on the ISS , the station is in constant freefall towards Earth as it orbits the planet - so the astronauts live in ` zero-gravity ' . While the main cylindrical body would spin in one direction , the top dome-shaped section would spin in the other direction . This would allow spacecraft to dock with the top of the station , which would appear stationary to them . The necessity for this dome gives the space station its mushroom-like appearance . The dome would house the command centre for the station , and also many of the supplies needed for the crew on board . ` We believe artificial gravity is required to support long term living in space , ' Mr Kemp told MailOnline . To build the station , the team says they have ` patents pending ' for six robotic systems that can manufacture and construct a variety of structures in space . While exact details are n't known at the moment , another company - Tethers Unlimited - has demonstrated how structures could be built in space with their SpiderFab proposal , a system of robo-spiders that would build parts of spacecraft in orbit , although Mr Kemp told MailOnline that the USS method would be ` different ' . Mr Kemp added that , for this large structure , it would take about 30 years to build and cost close to £ 200 billion -LRB- $ 300 billion -RRB- . For comparison , it took more than 10 years to build the ISS , at a cost of around £ 67 million -LRB- $ 100 billion -RRB- - although this new station has 2.89 million times more volume . And it would be ` large enough to transport all the people and equipment required to set up a colony on Mars and would orbit Mars and provide a safe environment while the Mars base is being constructed . ' Artificial gravity has been considered many times before , most famously in the ` Stanford Torus ' design -LRB- interior seen here -RRB- . A rotating station would allow people to live as if they were walking on Earth , allowing them to stay in space for long periods of time . To build the station , something like SpiderFab -LRB- left -RRB- could be used , a proposed system of robo-spiders than can construct solar panels , trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit . On the right is an artificial gravity test Nasa performed in September 1966 . The Gemini 11 spacecraft was attached to an Agena target vehicle and spun , with the astronauts reporting a small amount of artificial gravity in their spacecraft . On the ISS , the station is in constant freefall towards Earth as it orbits the planet - so the astronauts live in ` zero-gravity ' . However , they actually still experience about 90 per cent of Earth 's gravity , but the constant falling makes them seem weightless . Inside , the structures would be spinning so anyone on the curved ` floors ' around the edges would be pushed into the ground , simulating gravity on Earth . But Mr Kemp said they want to build a smaller structure first , to prove the design works . ` Our first structure will be 30 metres -LSB- 100ft -RSB- in diameter , it will create a 0.6 gravity environment and would house at least 30 people , ' he said . This smaller structure would cost between £ 3.5 and £ 7 billion -LRB- $ 5 and $ 10 billion -RRB- , and could be built in the next 10 years . It would take just 12 to 18 months to build , according to Mr Kemp . ` The International Space Station is estimated to be decommissioned around 2024 , ' Mr Kemp noted . The team has yet to begin any serious construction or testing as of yet - so at the moment , the station remains somewhat of a pipe dream . Astronauts on the ISS -LRB- Terry Virts seen left , Scott Kelly on the right -RRB- live in a constant state of micro-gravity . Mr Kelly is spending a year on the ISS to see what effects such conditions have on the human body for a prolonged period of time . In the 1968 film 2001 : A Space Odyssey , astronauts are shown running around a spacecraft that spins -LRB- shown -RRB- while on a mission to deep space , creating artificial gravity for them to operate in . Previous concepts for spacecraft include this 1969 station that would rotate on its central axis to produce artificial gravity . The majority of early space station concepts created artificial gravity one way or another in order to simulate a more natural or familiar environment for the health of the astronauts on board . However , space settlement expert Al Globus , who is also a contract scientist at Nasa 's Ames research centre , told MailOnline that he thought the idea was somewhat sound - and artificial gravity was a necessity for prolonged stays in space . ` Rotation to provide artificial gravity will counteract most , if not all , of the negative effects of micro-g , ' he said . And he says if we truly want to live in space , including raising children there , it will be necessary to create such a station . ` There is no data on the effects of micro-g on kids , but it is safe to assume they will grow up very weak as muscles and bones develop in response to stress , ' he continued . ` Thus , for settlement , there is simply no question that they must rotate and almost certainly need to provide 1g at least for the first few generations . ' But whether this station will be the answer remains to be seen . Several other proposals for a rotating space station have been drawn up - including a Nasa concept called Nautilus-X - but as of yet , there are no concrete plans by Nasa , Roscosmos -LRB- the Russian space agency -RRB- or any other nation on what to do after the ISS . Whether this station by United Space Structures or another concept will be built , remains to be seen . Nasa 's Nautilus-X concept , shown , includes a doughtnut-shaped spinning section in the middle where astronauts can experience artificial gravity . The spacecraft is designed for long trips to the moon , Mars or beyond . While a spacecraft could be created with artificial gravity , astronauts will still have to contend with zero-gravity conditions if they ever venture outside into space . Shown are Nasa 's Robert L. Curbeam , Jr. -LRB- left -RRB- and Esa 's Christer Fuglesang above New Zealand in 2006 .