A life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the Romanian Kim Kardashian . Alexandra Harra , 28 , who now lives in Miami , has a BA degree in creative writing and classics . She now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the Huffington Post and an author of The Karma Queens ' Guide to Relationships . But when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the Romanian Playboy , she suddenly found it was n't her university education that people were interested in . Scroll down for video . Selfie queen : Alexandra Harra has been dubbed ` The Romanian Kim Kardashian ' and even shares the same love of selfies . All about the booty : The life coach turned model enjoys showing off her curves in tight fitting clothes . Since appearing on the infamous cover she has graced the pages of countless glossies in her homeland . The model , who formerly had long peroxide locks , recently took to the bottle to make her similarity with the reality star , married to Kanye West , even more striking . With her dyed black hair , she now lays claim to the title of the Romanian Kim Kardashian . Harra is already a bigger success than the celebrity in one way , as her derriere apparently measures 43 inches , while Kardashian 's is just 40 inches . She said : ` Someone in Romania noticed that my bottom size , at 109 cm , is larger than Kim Kardashian 's at 101 cm . ` Now I 'm in the paper all the time as the Romanian Kim Kardashian . ' Curves galore : Alexandra Harra recently dyed her hair from blonde to black to look more like Kim . Meow : Harra states on Instagram that she loves cats , evident in these selfies . The decision to dye her hair black has been well received by fans , boosting her online popularity . Whilst she now lives in Miami , she said that when she returns to her native Romania she is treated like a celebrity . ` We are the Kardashians of Romania . We 're just as controversial as them . ` When I arrive anywhere in Romania , all the cameras are after me , the paparazzi are after me too , they do n't expect to see a body like this and a booty like that . ' Alexandra also uses her suggestive shots as a vehicle for her life coaching advice . On one Instagram snap , she wrote : ` Change does n't come by accident . Change comes by will . ' Next to one picture , in which she posed side-on , she posted a Bible quote from Romans , 5 : 3-5 : ` But we rejoice in our sufferings , knowing that suffering produces endurance , and endurance produces character , and character produces hope , and hope does not put us to shame . ' And maybe Kim should look out , as according to one picture , Alexandra believes in the power of positive thinking . She wrote : ` What you wish , you can manifest . Always . ' High flyer : As well as being a business woman and author , Alexandra claims that she is treated like an A-list celebrity in her native Romania . Cover girl : Alexandra has appeared on the cover of Playboy Romania , as well as in many more magazines in her native country . Alexandra dyed her hair black to cement her claim of being ` The Romanian Kim Kardashian ' ` In Romania women are supposed to be very thin , they 're supposed to not have curves . That 's what they think is beautiful . That to me is outrageous . ' And it seems that Harra 's move to become Romania 's answer to Kim Kardashian is already paying off . She owns a Mercedes S 550 2015 model worth £ 95,000 and a Mercedes CLS 550 worth £ 63,00 . Yet Alexandra 's mum , Carmen , who she runs her business with , thinks her daughter is unique . ` My daughter is being labelled as the blonde version of Kim Kardashian . ` But we do n't try to imitate anyone , we 're just ourselves . ' Alexandra runs a psychology company with mum , Carmen , who is also supportive of her modelling career . Doppelganger : The life coach 's signature contouring make-up and dyed hair just increases her similarity with reality star Kim .