It was , as so often this season , the story of two Chelsea rising stars in the form of their young lives . They have rampaged through opposition defences both at home and abroad all season . They have already been crowned kings of Europe in the UEFA Youth League . And here , with yet another devastating performance , they put Chelsea within touching distance of retaining the FA Youth Cup , in the process further augmenting their remarkable goalscoring tallies and enhancing their growing reputations . Tammy Abraham wheels away in celebration as he notches for Chelsea away at Manchester City in the FA Youth Cup final first leg . Chelsea striker Abraham opens the scoring against Manchester with an impressive right-footed shot into the far corner . Isaac Buckley-Ricketts is mobbed by his Manchester City team-mates following his equaliser against Chelsea in the Youth Cup . Abraham is congratulated by his Chelsea team-mates as his acrobatic effort regained their advantage against Manchester City . Abraham is congratulated by his Chelsea team-mates having given the west London side the lead against Manchester City . After Manchester City were put to the sword in this first leg on Monday night , the pair 's records for the season stand like this : Tammy Abraham - 36 goals ; Dominic Solanke - 35 goals . That 's one hell of a return . Both are in that special moment of form where it is nigh on impossible to miss and that was the case here as the dark Blues from London established a healthy advantage to take into the second leg at Stamford Bridge in seven days ' time . When Solanke had raced through to make it 3-1 just before the end , you sensed it was a fatal blow . Of course there is a chance City may fight back - nothing is out of the question in youth football - but there was something about Chelsea 's dominance here that suggests it is unlikely . This was the most high-profile meeting yet of England 's two most ambitious and well-resourced academies and , for the moment , it is definitely Chelsea who are on top . Another tickertape parade surely awaits for this group of players next week . ` Obviously it 's a daunting place to come , ' said Chelsea coach Joe Edwards . ` But we wanted to make sure we did what we do best , dominate possession , get right up against them and press hard . The way the lads implemented what we spoke about before the game was outstanding . ' Indeed it was and the unfailing right boot of Abraham provided a moment to savour after just seven minutes . Even the technically fiendish chances are flying in for the unstoppable England under 18 forward at the moment and that was proven when he controlled Charlie Colkett 's laser-guided cross-field pass and sent the ball arrowing beyond goalkeeper Christian Haug into the top corner . Within minutes , Abraham was trending on Twitter , clips of his immaculate hit racking up the retweets the world over . By half-time , his name was attracting more interest in the UK than any other subject . By then he had a second , restoring Chelsea 's lead on 20 minutes after Isaac Buckley had briefly restored parity for the hosts . Goal No 36 of the campaign was n't quite as memorable as No 35 but it was athletic , Abraham hooking the ball home from six yards out after Izzy Brown 's header from a Colkett corner had been saved by the foot of Haug and then headed back into his vicinity . From then , aside from a five-minute flurry late on when City had genuine chances to equalise , Chelsea were in complete command . They enjoyed the lion 's share of possession and looked comfortable in their game plan , in each other and in themselves . Chelsea youngster Dominic Solanke scores the west London side 's third goal of the game with just minutes to play . Manchester City goalkeeper Christian Kjetil Haug comes under pressure from Chelsea as both sides look to win the aerial ball . Solanke 's late third was a hammer blow after the City pressure , a typically calm finish after Charly Musonda slipped him through . It had actually been a quiet night for Solanke but this goal preserves his remarkable record of scoring in every round of this season 's Youth Cup . Incidentally , he also scored in every round of their Youth League triumph too for good measure . City , who were watched by Manuel Pellegrini , Vincent Kompany , Aleksander Kolarov and a near-full house at their handsome Academy Stadium , had levelled within two minutes of Abraham 's opener . Chelsea were guilty of a lapse in defensive concentration very unlike them and City swept through to punish . Under-fire Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini -LRB- centre -RRB- enjoys a night in the sun as he watches the club 's future stars in action . Goalscorer Abraham shows he 's not scared of a tackle as he comes up against Manchester City 's Manuel Garcia in the FA Youth Cup final . Injured Manchester City defender Vincent Kompany watches on as the club 's youngest stars take on Chelsea in Manchester . Manchester City : Haug ; Maffeo , Humphreys-Grant , Adarabioyo -LRB- c -RRB- , Angelino ; Bryan , Nemane Celina , Garcia -LRB- Dilrosun 85 -RRB- , Buckley , Barker . Substitutes not used : Albinson -LRB- GK -RRB- ; Tattum , Diallo , Fernandes . Scorer : Buckley 9 . Chelsea : Collins ; Aina , Tomori , Clarke-Salter , Dasilva , Sammut , Brown -LRB- Boga 90 +1 -RRB- , Colkett -LRB- c -RRB- , Abraham -LRB- Palmer 67 -RRB- , Musonda -LRB- Scott 89 -RRB- , Solanke . Substitutes not used : Thompson -LRB- GK -RRB- ; Palmer , Grant . Scorers : Abraham 7 , 20 ; Solanke 89 . Referee : Robert Madley -LRB- West Yorkshire -RRB- . Attendance : 6,421 . Brandon Barker spent much of the first-half struggling in his battle with Ola Aina on the City left but on this occasion , he dived in-field and made a purposeful run in the direction of the Chelsea box . Looking up , he saw Buckley darting through and supplied a slide-rule pass that the forward slickly rolled past Bradley Collins into the far corner . But they did n't kick on and seize control . Abraham 's exertions eventually took their toll and he went off in some discomfort midway through the second-half . It proved the catalyst for a City revival and the chances missed in this bright spell would prove costly . First , Aaron Nemane nutmegged Jake Clarke-Salter and brushed off Ruben Sammut but blazed wastefully wide . And there was soon an even-better chance for Kean Bryan , who stole the ball from Colkett , but fired over from a great position . They ramped it up further with Barker running clear down the left and forcing Collins to block with his feet . A minute or two later , Solanke scored . Edwards was proud of the performance but still exercised a note of caution : ` We got the goal on the break , Dominic was very clinical and I think that 3-1 scoreline does n't overly flatter us because their spell was just a spell in amongst a game we dominated . ` We do n't need to be reminded that you need to be switched on and professional next week . ' His City counterpart Jason Wilcox was bullish about the chances of a comeback : ` It 's definitely not game over , we 'll go down to Stamford Bridge and anything can happen down there . If we get a goal , we 'll see what character they 've got . At 3-1 we 're still in the tie . ' But for that to happen , they 'll have to neutralise Chelsea 's relentless , remorseless forward duo . Chelsea youngster Jake Clarke Salter battles alongside Manuel Garcia during the FA Youth Cup final first leg in Manchester . Manchester City coaching duo Patrick Vieira and Brian Kidd watch on as Manchester City 's young stars take on Chelsea in Manchester . Chelsea striker Isaiah Brown does his best to brush away the attentions of Manchester City 's Pablo Matteo in the first half .