It was n't quite the Etihad or the Westfalenstadion but Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head in an exciting clash to showcase the new Puma boot being launched . The Manchester City star has been in good form this season despite his injury problems and showed his impressive close control against the Borussia Dortmund winger . The footwear brand are releasing the evoSPEED 1.3 Graphic , which took inspiration from the Japanese dragon . Sergio Aguero -LRB- left -RRB- and Marco Reus went head-to-head to help the launch the new Puma evoSpeed 1.3 . The Manchester City striker celebrates after scoring to put himself 3-2 up against the German . After the launch , Aguero sat down for a q & a where he spoke about his side 's chances of catching Chelsea . He said : ` You say it is only 5 matches , but a lot can happen in these games . We will work hard to finish as well as possible . ' The Argentinian also praised his opponent for giving him a tough game during the unusual encounter . ` I have to admit , that guy is really talented , so my lead lasted unfortunately only a few seconds , ' he added . ` I love this pitch and it 's really fun , especially when playing against some new players who you do n't get to meet every day in training . ' The square pitch had four different goals that opened and closed to make it harder for the players . Reus has been heavily linked with a move away from Dortmund and could follow Jurgen Klopp out of the club . Germany international Reus also praised Aguero and really enjoyed playing on the difficult pitch . He said : ` I am sure you can see it in the film , but I can re-assure you that Agüero really gave me a hard time . He is so quick and so ambitious and it was definitely hard to keep up with him . ` The switching goals were challenging in the beginning , but once it clicked , it is a really cool concept , because you can never really anticipate what happens next . This was definitely one of the best things I have done with Puma so far . ' You can buy the Puma evoSpeed 1.3 from www.prodirectsoccer.com .