There are lots of things you could buy with £ 120,000 -LRB- $ 177,000 -RRB- : several new cars , a significant chunk of a house - and now a limited edition Apple Watch . The extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin . And one version of the extravagant watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap . Scroll down for video . If you 've got a spare £ 120,000 -LRB- $ 177,000 -RRB- lying around , you might be tempted to by one of the limited edition watches from luxury electronics firm Goldgenie . Shown is a version with diamonds and a python skin strap . The watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm Goldgenie and are part of their Apple Watch Spectrum Collection . UK buyers who are prepared to wait to get their hands on the eagerly anticipated wearable may want to snap up an Apple Watch on holiday , because Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy one . The most expensive Edition model costs up to £ 2,500 more in the UK compared to elsewhere in the world , while at the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £ 63 more for the Sport model . In Australia , for example , the most expensive 38 mm Edition costs $ 21,000 AUD , which converts to £ 10,832 - a difference of around £ 2,665 compared to the UK . The Apple Watch will go on sale in Apple shops and selected department stores on April 24 . They comes in both 38 mm and 42 mm -LRB- 1.5 and 1.65 inches -RRB- sizes , with prices ranging from a ` modest ' £ 2,000 -LRB- $ 3,000 -RRB- to £ 120,000 -LRB- $ 177,000 -RRB- depending on how much you want to add . They can be ordered with a matching diamond encrusted solid gold link bracelet strap , or a more exotic skin including crocodile and python skins . The python skin is Cites -LRB- Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora -RRB- certified , which aims to protect various animals and plants from illegal trade . The most expensive version is called the ` Diamond Ecstasy ' , and boasts ` solid precious metal ' and a diamond encrusted face and bracelet . ` As Apple affirm their position in the luxury marketplace with prices of £ 8,000 -LRB- $ 12,000 -RRB- upwards for the Apple Watch Edition , we are bridging the gap between that the more accessible stainless steel Apple Watch models with our luxury finishes and artisan watch straps , ' said Laban Roomes , founder and CEO of Goldgenie Global . The limited edition Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum . The watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap , if you choose . The most expensive version is called the ` Diamond Ecstasy ' , pictured , and boasts ` solid precious metal ' and a diamond encrusted face and bracelet . Another version of the watch comes with crocodile leather -LRB- shown -RRB- . The watches are part of Goldgenie 's Apple Watch Spectrum Collection and are available to pre-order now . ` And of course , for those who wish for something beyond this bridge , we are offering diamonds . ` The Apple Watch is a device that will not only change the way we tell the time but will change our relationship with wearable technology and we are looking forward to being part of this shift . ' Goldgenie , the London based luxury customisation specialist company , boast a strong celebrity following including P.Diddy , the Beckhams and Tyrese Gibson , . The firm is expecting high demand for their customized Apple Watch as hundreds of their customers from around the world have expressed interest in the collection .