Aubrey de Grey -LRB- pictured -RRB- says ageing is a ` disease that can and should be cured ' With his Rasputin beard and lines etched deep into his forehead , Aubrey de Grey looks like a man a lot older than his 51 years . A penchant for beer , fried food and an aversion to exercise could fool you into believing the lanky ex-public schoolboy cares little about ageing . But you would be wrong . For de Grey , a charismatic Harrow School and Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist , firmly believes there is no reason , with the right ` therapies ' , why any of us should n't reach 500 , 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age . It sounds bonkers but de Grey 's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley , the super-rich tech enclave in northern California that is home to more middle-aged billionaires than anywhere else on the planet . PayPal boss Peter Thiel -LRB- worth £ 1.5 billion -RRB- donated £ 2.4 million to de Grey 's anti-ageing institute Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence -LRB- SENS -RRB- . Senescence is scientific jargon for ageing . While many academics mock him , in age-obsessed California de Grey now regularly breaks bread and funds his research with donations from some of the sharpest minds in the world , including Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin -LRB- who has talked of ` curing death ' -RRB- and Larry Ellison , of Oracle , who are all showing an interest in gerontology , or the study of ageing . Google 's Bill Maris , who heads the computer giant 's investment arm , said : ` We have tools in the life sciences to achieve anything you have the audacity to envision . I hope to live long enough not to die . ' One source at a leading software company told The Mail on Sunday : ` De Grey has tapped a rich vein in Silicon Valley . He 's become something of a controversial cheerleader for a generation of tech billionaires who have made their fortunes and now , of course , want to live for ever . ' De Grey was raised in Chelsea by his artist mother Cordelia , who left him £ 11 million when she died in 2011 -- £ 9 million of which he has invested in his company . He spent the remainder on a ` very nice house ' . He never knew his father and became fascinated by seeking a cure for ageing while still at Harrow . Scroll down for video . ` Ageing is a disease that can and should be cured , ' he says . ` I 've been ridiculed but finally people are starting to come round to my way of thinking . Anyone who has ever wanted to change the world has been attacked . Gandhi said first they ignore you , then they ridicule you , then they fight you and then they say , `` We were with you all along '' . ' De Grey 's radical thesis is that ageing can be halted and even reversed by treating the human body like a vintage car -- ` replace the parts , clean it up , keep it running smoothly way past its expected expiration date ' . His argument is that cellular decay causes ageing , illness and , ultimately , death , and that technologies being developed now and inventions in the future will allow us to repair and replace damaged body parts at a cellular level -- leading to virtual immortality . People will still die in accidents and from suicide , ` but there is no reason that someone living today should n't live to 500 , 1,000 years . As the technologies improve , lifespans will increase ' , says de Grey . He believes the first person who will live to be 1,000 has already been born , and cites research that has dramatically extended the lives of mice , worms and fruit flies as proof science is ` catching up ' with his theories that therapies which will genetically alter , replace and repair the cells in our bodies will be the key to eternal life . He accuses the majority of us of being in a ` pro-ageing trance ' , content to accept ageing and death as inevitable , while the reality is that technology will , within two decades , he says , have advanced far enough that we can replace and repair faulty genes , ` clear out the gunk around cells ' and rejuvenate our bodies . It sounds fanciful but as he talks , it is clear that de Grey is empowered by the support of the Silicon Valley billionaires . ` It is a good feeling to finally be getting validation , ' he admits . Many academics have dismissed his theories as pie in the sky . It should be noted that much of what he says is theoretical and , critics point out , de Grey has never actually done any practical lab work . De Grey and his biologist wife Adelaide -LRB- pictured -RRB- have an unconventional marriage and he admits to having ` two younger girlfriends ' Nir Barsilai , director of the Institute for Aging Research at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine , said : ` Based on the biology that we know today , somewhere between 100 and 120 there is a roof in play and I challenge if we can get beyond it . ' The oldest human to date was Frenchwoman Jeanne Calment , who died in August 1997 at the age of 122 years 164 days . De Grey has been mockingly compared to a ` Messiah ' figure because of his flowing facial hair , and heads turn in the airport bar as he bangs his glass on the table and loudly pronounces that ' 150,000 people die every day worldwide and of those people , two-thirds die of ageing one way or another . That 's 30 World Trade Centers every day . If I bring forward the cure for ageing by one day I 've saved 100,000 lives ' . De Grey is notoriously eccentric . He refuses to carry a mobile phone -LRB- ` anti-social , nasty things ' -RRB- and has never learned to drive due to a ` mental block ' . ` Cars can kill people without it being the driver 's fault , ' he says . He gives interviews to ` spread the word ' and has written several anti-ageing books . Last year he featured in a critically acclaimed independent movie , The Immortalists . De Grey and his biologist wife Adelaide , 19 years his senior , have an unconventional marriage and he cheerfully admits to having ` two younger girlfriends ' , aged 45 and 24 . Is n't juggling the needs of three women enough to age any man prematurely ? He laughs : ` It keeps me busy . ' Critics argue that if he is right and we all live longer , the world 's resources will be stretched by overpopulation , but he hits back by saying : ` Society will adapt . People will have fewer children . ' What about the cost of keeping so many people alive ? ` People will continue to contribute to society because they will be healthier and more productive . ` When people think about longevity they forget about the health and then they start to think this whole thing is morally questionable . It might be technologically fanciful but all we do is medical research . I work on stopping people from getting sicker as they get older . The by-product of that is longevity . ` I have no idea if I will live to 100 . I do know I 'd like to have the chance to live to 100 when I am 99 rather than having that choice removed from me by declining health . '