Discount supermarket Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would . The Australian Securities and Investments Commission -LRB- ASIC -RRB- took action against the supermarket company last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores . ASIC also found that ALDI failed to disclose the 0.5 percent surcharge it charges consumers paying by credit card in some of its stores . Scroll down for video . Discount supermarket Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would . Aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers of the surcharge , as well as have cashiers inform customers before payments were made . But Fairfax Media reports that Aldi has not consistently disclosed the surcharge to customers and many were unaware about the additional fees . Some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print . A spokeswoman for the supermarket said Aldi had carried out an audit last year to make sure appropriate signs were visible . ` If for any reason an Aldi store does not have the required signage , we will ensure that this is corrected immediately , ' she said . The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against Aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go . Some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print . Under the ASIC Act , retailers that fail to adequately disclose surcharges , or create the impression that surcharges do not apply , may be considered ` misleading or deceptive ' . ASIC Deputy Chairman Peter Kell said retailers needed to disclose credit card surcharges . ` Merchants need to be transparent about fees and charges where credit card surcharges apply so that consumers can consider using other payment methods without any additional costs , ' Mr Kell said . ` Consumers should also be mindful that payments by contactless or ` tap and go ' cards are currently treated as credit card transactions , meaning that fees may apply where there are surcharges in place , even where they are using a debit card . ' In ALDI stores all credit card transactions and all tap and go payments attract the 0.5 percent surcharge , irrespective of whether customers use a debit or credit card . An ALDI spokeswoman said it has always charged credit card surcharges to ` cover the costs associated with the service ' . ` ALDI is aware there are high costs associated with accepting credit cards , ' she said . Aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers of the surcharge , as well as have cashiers inform customers before payments were made . ` However , rather than inflating prices across the board , to compensate for the credit card acceptance costs , ALDI prefers customers to make the choice themselves . ' Tom Godfrey , spokesman for consumer group Choice , said many shoppers were unclear about the charges that can come with using tap and go . ` Most people do n't realise that tap and go relates to credit so obviously if you 're using a credit facility surcharges can come with that , ' Mr Godfrey said . ` What we take issue with is whether the surcharge is at a reasonable level , and what we have seen is excessive surcharges going on . ` The surcharge at ALDI is not excessive , but I do n't think it 's great they 're charging a surcharge on a debit facility , so people 's savings accounts . ' Mr Godrey said shoppers needed to ask about surcharges before using tap and go . ` I think it 's always important to ask - as you 've seen with ALDI , you might assume there is n't a surcharge because Coles and Woolies do n't have one , ' Mr Godfrey said . ` If you 're going to use tap and go you should ask what the surcharge will be , then ask for a surcharge free option . '