The USA have unveiled their new kits for the women 's soccer team ahead of the World Cup hosted by Canada in June . The strips , produced by sportswear giants Nike , have caused a bit of stir across the pond , because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red , white and blue . But striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike 's design as innovative . ` The black and white are different from anything we 've ever had before , ' she said , before adding , ` You know it 's not a lot of red , white and blue in the white one because they wanted a clean look . I think it stands out in the fact that it is clean and just simple and I love that . ' Scroll down for video . -LRB- Left to right : -rrb- Tobin Heath , Alex Morgan and Sydne Leroux of the USA women 's soccer team pose . T he USA women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June . There has been some controversy surrounding the decision to use a black and white colour scheme . Nike spokesperson and global creative director Martin Lotti explained , ` We always design home and away as one story , so the focus was on the blue with some of the red -LRB- for the away -RRB- , and then the focus on the home was white . ` If you look at it traditionally , actually , all the home kits are always white . So we 're actually not changing the history . In face we are being authentic to the history where it 's always a white kit . ' Nike have opted to put the focus of the new kit on the feet first and worked their way up . The neon yellow socks or ` volt ' in Nike parlance are aimed to draw attention to the bright blue cleats . ` It 's the first time as well that -LRB- the kit -RRB- is fully integrated , so going from the boot right to the sock , then it fades from the volt into the white kit , ' Lotti said , ` It 's a real head-to-toe look . ' The USA women 's team kick off their World Cup campaign against Australia on June 8 with a group match in Winnipeg , Manitoba . Some people have questioned the decision to abandon the USA 's traditional red , white and blue colours . USA player Tobin Heath poses with a mannequin at the launch of the new kit in Los Angeles on Wednesday .