It is a common fear , known as trypanophobia . For around 20 per cent of the population , the thought of going to the doctors for an injection invokes a deep-rooted sense of dread . Many avoid the doctor 's surgery altogether , leaving themselves open to the risk of various illnesses and infections . But for those terrified of needles , a team of scientists at Rice University in Houston , may have the answer . They have developed a new device , Comfortably Numb , to ease the pain of an injection . Their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin . Scroll down for video . Comfortably Numb is a new , single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin within 60 seconds . Three first year students , -LRB- from L-R -RRB- mechanical engineer Mike Hua , bioengineer Andy Zhang and computer scientist Greg Allison , came up with the invention , they describe as ` simple and elegant ' The trio , made up of computer scientist Greg Allison , bioengineer Andy Zhang and mechanical engineer Mike Hua , currently has a functioning prototype , that has produced a numbing effect in just 60 seconds . ` Our device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water , ' Mr Hua said . ` A simple twisting motion moves the chambers into alignment to allow the chemicals to flow through the chamber to produce a rapid endothermic reaction . ` We then numb the skin by contacting the device 's metal surface to the patient 's skin . ' Current solutions are either ineffective because they fail to numb the skin adequately , or take too long , the researchers said . They noted that a commonly used medicated topical patch takes about an hour to work , whereas their new device ` works on the order of seconds and minutes ' , Mr Zhang said . ` We are targeting anyone who has to get an injection , which is nearly everyone , ' Mr Allison said . ` But the device is especially applicable to people who are more susceptible to pain . ' As such , he said , it is particularly useful for children and the elderly . And , it is intended for use during procedures ` where you have to get shots in more sensitive areas of the body , such as the face or the groin ' , he added . The team designed the device to be single-use , rather than reusable to avoid the difficulties of cleaning it and resetting the device . It costs around $ 2 -LRB- £ 1.34 -RRB- to produce , they said . The trio said the device could also be used to ease the pain of ear piercings and tattooing , and help reduce swelling . ` We looked into all sorts of methods for numbing , both quick and long-term , chemicals , using ice packs - which is similar to what we 're using now , ' Mr Hua said . The device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water . A simple twisting motion moves the chambers into alignment to allow the chemicals to flow through the chamber to produce a rapid endothermic reaction . The skin can then be numbed by contacting the device 's metal surface to the patient 's skin . Within 60 seconds the patient 's skin is numb and they can have an injection without experiencing pain . ` We explored everything that surrounded the problem before we even began brainstorming . ' ` At the end of the day , what we 're creating is a self-contained device with a very cold contact surface , and there are many applications for that , ' Mr Allison added . Some of the solutions the trio researched were highly technical and required a materials science degree , or skills the first-year students had not yet learned . ` That 's the kind of amazing thing about our project , ' Mr Allison said . ` Because we do n't have these incredibly refined skills in certain areas , that meant we had to think of very simple solutions . ` Being limited in that way led to something that is very novel and innovative , but at the same time , simple and elegant . ' The team designed the device to be single-use , rather than reusable to avoid the difficulties of cleaning it and resetting the device . Mr Zhang , said : ` The materials that we use are relatively inexpensive and found in abundance : plastic , rubber and metal . The team from Rice University in Houston said the device could be used in future for those having tattoos , or people wanting to get their ears pierced without suffering the pain . ` The materials for one of these cost about a quarter , and then we just had to do estimates based on how much manufacturing would cost . ` We compared our device to similar things already in production , and we 've estimated the cost at about $ 2 -LRB- £ 1.34 -RRB- . ' The team is currently in the process of applying for a provisional patent for the device , and the students hope to continue their work together in their spare time when they return to Rice in their second year . ` As a team , we just want to follow the project , because we think it has a lot of potential . I think that 's what drew us to this specific project , ' Mr Allison said . ` We have n't really discussed yet whether we 're going dedicate to making this a company , but it 's something we 're open to . '