Joel Ward has put pen to paper on a new three-and-a-half year contract at Crystal Palace , keeping him at the south London club until the summer of 2018 . The 25-year-old , who has impressed at both left and right back for the Eagles this season , has been a mainstay in the first team , making 35 appearances in all competitions . Speaking to the club 's official website about his new deal , Ward said : ` I 'm really pleased . It 's been something that has been talked about a little bit and I 'm glad to now put that to the back and just concentrate with my football and I 'm delighted to have signed the deal . ' Crystal Palace right back Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with the south London club . Ward has played 101 times for the Eagles since joining from boyhood club Portsmouth in May 2012 . Ward has played every minute of Palace 's Premier League campaign this season , under three different managers , and his performances have warranted some shouts for an England call-up . Last week 's win over champions Manchester City saw Ward make his 100th appearance for Palace , and he cites the influence of manager Alan Pardew in his decision to sign a new deal . ` The relationship with the gaffer and the club helped . I 'm excited for what the next few years have in store . I love the passion of the club , the fans have been exceptional since I 've come here and they 've welcomed me with open arms . Ward has been impressive at both left at right back this season , playing every minute in the Premier League . Ward cites Palace boss Alan Pardew as a major factor in his decision to sign a new contract at the club . Ward was signed by then Palace manager Dougie Freedman -LRB- right -RRB- and he replaced Nathaniel Clyne -LRB- left -RRB- . ` It 's been a joy to play in front of them - especially at home - week in , week out . Even the travelling support 's been incredible . ' Ward joined Palace in 2012 from boyhood club Portsmouth , and proved to be a direct replacement for the outgoing Nathaniel Clyne , who himself has become an England regular since his move to Southampton . He played an integral part in Palace 's rise from mid-table Championship side to secure Premier League outfit , and is a fans ' favourite in south London .