Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona against Paris Saint-Germain , and Spanish media have celebrated the Spain defender beforehand . The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United and Mundo Deportivo have dedicated their front page to the Spaniard , with the headline : ` The Pique Spirit . ' Pique is poised to star for Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final match with PSG in the French capital on Wednesday night . Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona against Paris Saint-Germain . Asked whether he remembers the moment he became a Barcelona supporter , Pique told UEFA : ` I do n't think it 's a moment , it 's a process . ` You go to the stadium to watch matches with your family , your dad or grandad take you to games every weekend and slowly you start falling in love with the club and its history . ` Then , when I was seven or eight and started playing for the youth team , that 's when the Baraa colours began to really mean something special to me . ' Pique has faced the greatest players in the world during his time at the Nou Camp , but ranks Didier Drogba , Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo as the three best he has came up against . Pique trains with Lionel Messi -LRB- right -RRB- ahead of their match with PSG in the French capital this week . Pique is poised to star for Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final match with PSG . Pique , pictured with Messi , joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United and has made 299 appearances . ` I grew up at La Masia , dreaming of playing for the first team one day so you can only imagine what it means to wear this shirt 300 times , ' he told Mundo Deportivo . ` Many people have been fortunate to enjoy it . And all the titles we won are very special . Both Barca and I have had the honour of reaching the final stages of major competitions , meeting the best teams and best players . ` There have been many but I would highlight , Drogba , Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi every day in training ! '