Nick Gunn : He had affairs with women on his rounds . A councillor who stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife after discovering her affair with the postman was yesterday found guilty of attempted murder . Joseph O'Riordan , 76 , left his wife Mandy , 47 , with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity . But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover , Nick Gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds . While his wife last night refused to discuss her unfaithful husband , a former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his rounds . She also told how when she confronted him about the affair , he confessed that he had cheated on a previous partner with a woman he had been delivering post to . Mr Gunn started an affair with Mrs O'Riordan last year and the romance led to her husband placing a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her movements . The couple had been married for ten years and had attended the Queen 's garden party in 2013 for O'Riordan 's work on the Diamond Jubilee celebrations . Yesterday he showed no emotion as a jury took just two hours and ten minutes to reach a unanimous verdict and find him guilty of trying to kill his wife . Brighton Crown Court had heard how he repeatedly stabbed his wife in their bedroom on October 22 last year , after arguing about the affair . The pair lived in a ground floor flat where Mrs O'Riordan worked as an estate manager on a residential home in Polegate , East Sussex . Mrs O'Riordan and Mr Gunn -- nicknamed ` Tommy ' by friends and family -- had known each other for a number of years when he lived in the Sussex village and worked as a postman . Guilty : Joseph O'Riordan , 74 , stabbed his wife Amanda , 47 , -LRB- pictured together above -RRB- nine times with a kitchen knife at the home they shared in Polegate , East Sussex , after discovering her affair with postman Nick Gunn . Last year -- despite having married three years ago and having moved with his wife Sara Saunders to Portslade , near Brighton -- Mr Gunn and Mrs O'Riordan became lovers . But she was not his first , it is claimed . A 39-year-old former partner , who did not want to be named , said : ` We split up because he was having an affair . I saw that he had made a comment on Facebook about a ` lover ' and I knew he was n't talking about me so I confronted him . ` He admitted he had been sleeping with a woman he had been delivering post to . He told me that something similar had happened with a previous girlfriend as well . We were together for six years , and this might have happened more than once . I did n't find out until July 2011 . ' After that affair Mr Gunn married schoolteacher Miss Saunders , who said last night : ` I 'm still married to him at the moment and I 'm not interested in talking about him . ' O'Riordan -LRB- left -RRB- was convicted of attempted murder today after a jury took just two hours and ten minutes to unanimously find him guilty of trying to kill his wife with a nine-inch kitchen knife -LRB- right -RRB- in October last year . O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council when he grew suspicious that his wife , Amanda , 47 , was having an affair and hired a private investigator to follow her which confirmed her relationship with Mr Gunn . Mr Gunn has a Facebook page and describes himself on Twitter as : ` A Gamer , a Lover , a Postman and a friend of Death . ' As the affair developed last year , O'Riordan first hired a detective to watch his wife and then set up a GPS tracker on her car . The £ 300 tracker reported back via text to O'Riordan 's phone whenever his wife left home and gave the exact location of her vehicle . On one day alone on October 9 the tracker sent a total of 35 notifications to O'Riordan as his wife visited Mr Gunn at his then home in Portslade . O'Riordan used to run nightclubs in the South East before he retired and was also a councillor in East Sussex and became president of his local Royal British Legion . Mrs O'Riordan was a 23-year-old divorcee when she met the older O'Riordan in 1991 . They married in 2004 and were seen by many friends as the ` perfect , loving couple ' . Friends and family of Mrs O'Riordan arrived at Brighton Magistrates ' Court -LRB- left -RRB- for the verdict today while O'Riordan 's son Liam - from a previous marriage - also attended the hearing to see his father convicted . But as O'Riordan became older his wife essentially became his ` carer ' and the court heard how she wanted more ` freedom ' . Prosecutor Dale Sullivan said O'Riordan had ` clearly lied ' when he told police officers repeatedly that he had stabbed his wife because he had ` just found out she was having an affair ' . In reality he had known for weeks that she was seeing Mr Gunn . When Mrs O'Riordan gave evidence last week she did so from behind a screen so she did not have to see O'Riordan . She told the court : ` I loved Joe . I did n't want to hurt him . I never wanted to hurt him -- even now . ' O'Riordan is due to be sentenced today . Mr Gunn was unavailable for comment . O'Riordan will be sentenced for attempted murder at Brighton Crown Court -LRB- pictured above -RRB- tomorrow .