When it comes to getting a stunning view of New York , most people would be content with taking a trip to the top of the Empire State building . But not this teenager , who goes by the name of Dark.Cyanide . Instead he climbs up some of the city 's tallest buildings , without ropes or harnesses , before sitting on precarious ledges - all in the name of capturing the perfect photograph . Many of the 18-year-old 's vertigo-inducing images , which include some shot 72 storeys above street level , show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers . Scroll down for video . Dizzying : These images were all captured by a New York teenager who goes by the name of Dark.Cyanide and scales some of the city 's tallest buildings in search of the perfect view . Night vision : The 18-year-old describes himself as an ` urban historian ' and says he likes photographing New York because it is huge and constantly changing . On a mission : He says that security guards often stop him from scaling the buildings , but even if he can get past the guards , he has to tackle fierce winds which blow above the streets . High flyer : The teen regularly pictures his feet dangling off the skyscrapers , and says the tallest building he has ever scaled had 72 storeys . Different point of view : Ground zero , the site of the 9/11 terror attacks , is pictured from the rooftop of a nearby building . All lit up : The New World Trade Centre is seen in the distance surrounded by other skyscrapers in this night shot of New York City . Standing tall : Among New York 's other landmarks to be photographed from on high is the Empire State Building , pictured here in the centre . Bright lights : The Chrysler Building is pictured as night falls across New York , as the rest of the city lights up in the background . He says that building security often stops him from climbing some landmarks , but even if he can get past the guards , battling strong winds at high altitude often presents an even bigger challenge . He said : ` What I like the most about photographing New York is that it 's huge . I can never stop finding new places to photograph and go wandering into . ` The city is always growing and always providing new views with new skyscrapers being built . I am most fascinated by the views and different vantage points I come across . Precarious : Dark.Cyanide -LRB- pictured -RRB- , said : ` What I like the most about photographing New York is that it 's huge . I can never stop finding new places to photograph ' Urban : Dark.Cyanide captured this image of Manhattan from hundreds of feet up , including the Empire State Building -LRB- centre right -RRB- and One World Trade Centre in the distance . Looking down : It is not often that photographers get to capture some of the tallest buildings in Manhattan from above , unless you 're on top of 20 Exchange Place -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Holier than thou : St. Patricks Cathedral is seen from above , with the cross shape of the building clearly visible from this vantage point . City-scape : Dark.Cyanide captured this image of the setting sun over New York as part of his portfolio series called ` Rooftops ' From on high : Many of Dark.Cyanide 's photographs are taken around Manhattan . This picture shows 10th Avenue from hundreds of feet up . Vertigo-inducing : Many of the teenagers pictures feature his trademark turquoise trainers hanging off the edge of the buildings , including this shot from above 8th avenue . ` People are amazed by my rooftop pictures because they have never seen such a great views and vantage points of New York before . ' His photographs include shots of the Chrysler Building , the Empire State Building , and the building around Times Square as they have rarely been seen before . As well as taking pictures of urban landscapes from the rooftops of New York , Dark.Cyanide also specialises in shots of abandoned buildings and underground tunnels dotted around the city . His Instagram page has more than 8,000 followers , and on his webpage he describes himself as an ` NYC photographer ' and ` urban historian ' dedicated to capturing the sights and sounds of the city from different viewpoints . Roof with a view : The Manhattan skyline is seen from one of the buildings surrounding the Lincoln Centre for the Performing Arts . Stunning : This shot of 10th avenue -LRB- centre -RRB- also takes in both the Hudson River -LRB- left -RRB- , Union City -LRB- far left -RRB- and Central Park -LRB- to the right -RRB- . Do n't look down : Dark.Cyanide said he is fascinated by gaining a different perspective of the city , such as from this perch , above 42nd Street . Downtown : Most of the teenager 's photographs show Manhattan , as it has the highest concentration of skyscrapers to climb . Here the Hudson River is pictured from an unknown location . As night falls : On the streets below life in New York carries on , with people oblivious to the photographer perched above their heads . Landmark : The offices of the New York Times are pictured from the top of a building across the street in this shot by teenager Dark.Cyanide . As you 've never seen it before : 8th Avenue is pictured below the teen 's dangling feet as he captures the city from another new perspective .