No blame : Baroness Hale of Richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes . Divorce laws in England and Wales should remove the need for allegations of adultery and blame , Britain 's most senior female judge has said . Baroness Hale of Richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes so a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce . Divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons : adultery ; unreasonable behaviour ; desertion for two or more years ; two years ' separation with consent ; or five years ' separation without consent . The second reason -- unreasonable behaviour ' -- is by far the most widely used . Around 120,000 couples divorce in England and Wales each year and those who want to divorce quickly are encouraged to cite unfaithfulness or unreasonable behaviour , which , critics argue , encourages recriminations . Lady Hale , who is deputy president to the Supreme Court and the only woman among the 12 Supreme Court justices , also wants couples to be made to sort out arrangements for children and money before obtaining a divorce as part of the overhaul . She told The Times : ` We should make it take longer to get a divorce and encourage people to sort out what happens to the home , children , money before , rather than after , they get a divorce . ' Couples would have a one-year ` cooling off period ' after declaring that their marriage had permanently broken down in order for them to sort out arrangements . Lady Hale , 70 , was behind the move for ` no fault ' divorce in England and Wales 20 years ago . Conservative MPs saw off the proposals and said that removing fault would take away responsibility and undermine the concept of marriage . Last night campaigners and lawyers backed the proposed overhaul . Resolution : Lady Hale also wants arrangements for children and money resolved before divorce is finalised . Sir Paul Coleridge , former family High Court judge and chairman of the Marriage Foundation , told The Times : ` Lady Hale , a complete expert with decades of experience across this whole field , is entirely right . ` Our current system which pretends to be fault-based is in practice and reality no such thing . ` The fault is largely invented to get a quick divorce -- a hangover from pre-1970 days which is manipulated by lawyers and parties . '