Charles Tillman has concluded his storied 12-year career with the Chicago Bears . The veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers with the two-time Pro Bowler opting to link-up with Ron Rivera . At the age of 34 and after another injury-hit season , the new Bears hierarchy did not express an interest in keeping Tillman on the roster . But he leaves Chicago with his achievements on the field matched by those off it . Charles Tillman has ended his Chicago career but remains a favourite for his work on and off the field . Drafted in the second round from Louisiana Lafeyette in 2003 , Tillman became a staple of Lovie Smith 's stingy defense , which propelled the Bears to Super Bowl XLI . A franchise record holder for defensive touchdowns and interception returns for touchdowns , the forced fumble specialist lies third on the all-time list for interceptions with 36 . He started 152 of 156 games , but finished the past two seasons on injured reserve after tearing his right triceps . Tillman said the chance to work with Rivera - a former Bears player who worked as defensive co-ordinator from 2004-6 - was too good to turn down . Tillman holds several Bears defensive accolades and was a stalwart of their defense during his 12 years . ` I think Coach Rivera was one of the main reasons why I wanted to be here , ' Tillman said . ` He 's a guy that I had a lot of respect for when I was in Chicago . I love his leadership and his qualities as a coach , and he 's done a good job with the Panthers . There 's a good group of guys here like Thomas Davis , Greg Olsen , Luke Kuechly and Cam Newton . I got a good vibe here . ' ` This is a similar defense , and Steve Wilks and -LRB- defensive line coach -RRB- Eric Washington were also in Chicago , so there is familiarity . ' Since setting up the Cornerstone Foundation a decade ago , Tillman 's charity has impacted over a million needy children and their families in the Chicago area . His work with the foundation was honoured with the Walter Payton Man of the Year award in 2014 . In a quirk of fate , the Panthers also have the 2015 recipient of the award , Thomas Davis , on their roster .