The mysterious Moai statues of Easter Island have gazed inland for hundreds of years . And now experts believe they have finally discovered how the Rapa Nui people placed distinctive ` hats ' made of red stone on top of some of the figures ' heads , more than 700 years ago . They believe that the hats , or ` pukao ' , were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft -LRB- 12 metres -RRB- tall . Mystery solved ? Experts believe they have finally discovered how the Rapa Nui people placed distinctive hats made of red stone on top of some of the Easter Island figures ' heads , more than 700 years ago . Despite the size of the statues , Sean Hixon an undergraduate student in archaeology and geology at the University of Oregon , believes the rolling of the bulky stones would have been relatively easy . ` It seems like a relatively small number of people could have done it , either by levering or rolling , ' he told the 80th Annual Meeting of the Society for American Archaeology . This is despite the largest pukaos measuring six-and-a-half feet -LRB- two metres -RRB- in diameter and weighing 12 tonnes -LRB- 1,890 stone -RRB- . Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile -LRB- 25 km -RRB- volcanic island , which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on Earth with just 6,000 residents . A tall order : Physicists believe that the pukao , or ` hats , ' were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures -LRB- examples are pictured left and right -RRB- , some of which measure up to 40 ft -LRB- 12 metres -RRB- tall . Remote : Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile -LRB- 25 km -RRB- volcanic island , which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on Earth with just 6,000 residents . The Moai are monolithic human figures carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter Island , between 1,250 and 1,500 AD . All the figures have overly-large heads and are thought to be living faces of deified ancestors . The 887 statues gaze inland across the island with an average height of 13ft -LRB- four metres -RRB- . All but 53 of the Moai were carved from tuff - compressed volcanic ash - and around 100 wear red pukao of scoria . In 1979 archaeologists said the statues were designed to hold coral eyes . The figures are believed to be symbol of authority and power . They may have embodied former chiefs and were repositories of spirits or ` mana ' . They are positioned so that ancient ancestors watch over the villages , while seven look out to sea to help travellers find land . But it is a mystery as to how the vast carved stones were transported into position . The island is half the size of the Isle of Wight , or twice the size of Manhattan , and lies 2,236 miles -LRB- 3,600 km -RRB- west of the South American mainland . Since Europeans came to Easter Island , or Rapa Nui , in the 1700s , people have wondered how the vast carved stones were erected , complete with their ` hats ' . Some experts believe the stones were walked into place , while others have suggested that locals chopped down trees to roll the statues into position , unwittingly destroying the forests and causing their own demise through lack of natural resources . An estimated 100 pukao have been discovered so far , either in place on the statues , or scattered nearby . They are made from red volcanic rock called scoria and experts are divided as to what they may have been , with suggestions ranging from hairstyles to turbans and diadems . Despite this , many agree that the red colour of the stone indicates that the pukao had ritual significance . Mr Hixon 's team used basic physics to model the force and torque required to place a pukao on a Moai 's head , using different techniques . These included rolling a ` hat ' up a ramp , building a tower , using a pulley system and putting the ` hat ' on the statue before raising the whole statue as one . They concluded that the rounded oblong shape of the pukao means that it would have required relatively little energy to roll them up a ramp . Standing guard : An estimated 100 pukao have been discovered so far , either in place on the statues or scattered nearby . This map shows the location of the 887 statues , which gaze inland across the island , with an average height of 13ft -LRB- four metres -RRB- . It may have been possible for less than 10 men to roll a ` hat ' into place , because the oblong shape stopped it easily rolling down the ramp again , but was still a good shape for being hauled upwards . Some of the statues have indentations which may have stopped them tipping over during placement of the pukao . And a number of the ` hats also have vertical marks and ring-shaped indentations on their side , which may indicate that strips of wood were used to provide traction up the ramp . However , while the team thinks ramps were the most likely method for the placing of the hats , their models revealed that any of the proposed methods for raising the pukao would have been possible - with enough manpower . Erosion and damage have also scarred the sides of the pukao , meaning that analysis of marks and scratches is ` far from conclusive ' . It is not known exactly how the vast Easter Island statues came to line the perimeter of the small island . But in 2013 , scientists claimed they may have been walked into position . A team led by Archaeologists Carl Lipo from the University of California State University Long Beach , and Terry Hunt of the University of Hawaii claimed the statues ' bases were carved so they could lean forward to make them easier to transport . Walk the walk : A team of experts created a five-tonne replica of one of the statues and moved it into an upright position on a dirt path in Hawaii , to prove that the statues could have been ` walked ' into place . The researchers illustrated the theory by creating a five-tonne replica of one of the statues and moving it into an upright position on a dirt path in Hawaii . With just a few ropes , a team of 18 people could rock the statue back and forth , each time inching the statue on just a little bit more . The mode of transport would have taken about two weeks . The bases would then have been flattened to stand the statues upright once they reached position . Mr Lipo said the findings may help dismantle the traditional story line of Easter Island , or Rapa Nui , that a ` crazed maniacal group destroyed their environment , ' by cutting down trees to transport gigantic statues . Previous studies have suggested that a lost civilization chopped down trees on the island , laid the statues prone and rolled them into place using logs .