Leicester boss Nigel Pearson would have had the ` outstanding ' Esteban Cambiasso down as his man of the match in Saturday 's 2-1 win over West Ham even if the veteran Foxes midfielder had not scored his fine goal . Cambiasso netted with a sweet strike in the 12th minute to put his side 1-0 up at the King Power Stadium , hitting the ball first time from just outside the box after it had sat up for him from a ricochet . And Pearson said of the 34-year-old former Real Madrid , Inter Milan and Argentina player : ` Even if he had n't scored the goal , I would still have said he was man of the match . Leicester midfielder Esteban Cambiasso has received high praise from his manager Nigel Pearson . The former Real Madrid and Inter Milan star celebrates after putting his side in the lead against West Ham . Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the table . ` And with the goal , I think it is pretty obvious he was . I think he was outstanding . ' The victory to which Cambiasso contributed - sealed by substitute Andy King 's late tap-in , following Cheikhou Kouyate 's equaliser around the half-hour - gave Barclays Premier League basement boys Leicester a much-needed boost in their bid for survival . It was their first win in nine league matches and cut the gap between them and safety to four points with eight games left to play . Cambiasso , who has won the Spanish and Italian league titles as well as the Champions League , had said in the build-up to the fixture that helping the club beat the drop would be like claiming another trophy . And Pearson added : ` Success is relative and success in the past for him , with the clubs he has played for , was winning titles and cups , and success for him at Leicester this year will be to be a player who has been instrumental in us avoiding relegation . ` Hopefully he will be a success at that as well . ` I was really pleased with his contribution against West Ham and the other players have a very healthy respect for him . ' Pearson congratulates goalscorer Cambiasso after the final whistle of his side 's win against the Hammers . Cambiasso , Jamie Vardy -LRB- left -RRB- and David Nugent -LRB- right -RRB- look relieved after their narrow home win . Mid-table West Ham , now with only one win in nine league games , almost found themselves 2-0 down early on on Saturday , with goalkeeper Adrian coming to their rescue by saving David Nugent 's 15th-minute penalty . But they went on to show plenty of attacking intent from there and nearly took the lead themselves in the second half when Kouyate hit the post . Hammers boss Sam Allardyce was pleased to see his side play in a dynamic style but stressed that , ultimately , a lack of clinical finishing meant they had failed to do their job properly . ` We had enough opportunities , so did they -LRB- Leicester -RRB- and it was a really open game , really end-to-end stuff , ' Allardyce said . ` From an entertainment point of view , for a neutral it was fantastic . ` From our point of view , it is great to play open , attractive football and create chances , but the bottom line is we have n't got anything out of it - and we are here as professionals to come away with what should at least have been a draw . '