Patients who always see the same GP are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed , research has shown . A study found that if doctors know patients well , they could mistake warning signs for ongoing medical problems or depression . The study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed , on average , a week later than others . Patients who always see the same GP are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed , research has shown -LRB- posed by model -RRB- . The findings are worrying because Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe , and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms . Even delays of a few weeks can be vital because the cancer can quickly spread to other organs and become very difficult to treat . The study by academics at the University of Bristol and Cancer Research UK compared the records of patients diagnosed with breast , lung and bowel cancer between 2000 and 2009 . The findings , published in the British Journal of General Practice , show that seeing the same GP was not linked to a later diagnosis for breast cancer or lung cancer . But for bowel cancer -- commonly confused with irritable bowel syndrome or piles -- there was an average delay of a week . Researchers said the reason there was no link between breast cancer might be because the symptoms are more obvious . And lung cancer is notoriously difficult to detect because there are often no symptoms in the early stages . But according to the study , doctors who are ` familiar ' with patients can ` misattribute ' new symptoms to ongoing medical complaints or even depression . GP and lead researcher Dr Matthew Ridd said : ` GPs should follow up patients who present with potential cancer symptoms to make sure they receive a timely diagnosis . ` But your regular doctor might not be the best person to spot those symptoms in the first place . So in some cases getting a second opinion from a different doctor could speed up the time to diagnosis . ' The findings , published in the British Journal of General Practice , show that seeing the same GP was not linked to a later diagnosis for breast cancer or lung cancer -LRB- posed by model -RRB- . Figures last month showed that cancer survival rates in Britain lagged ten years behind those of many other European countries . And last summer Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt pledged to name and shame GPs who fail to pick up on early warning signs and refer patients for urgent tests . Dr Richard Roope , Cancer Research UK 's GP expert , said : ` These intriguing findings suggest that in some cases a fresh pair of eyes could be better at spotting early signs of cancer . Anything that can be done to support GPs in diagnosing cancer earlier is worth pursuing . ' And Sara Hiom , Cancer Research UK 's director of early diagnosis , said : ` This study provides a useful insight into how seeing the same doctor could impact the time to cancer diagnosis . Any delay in getting cancer diagnosed has the potential to impact the success of treatment , so it 's vital we do everything possible to help GPs refer patients with potential cancer symptoms without delay . '