Since parting ways with Prince Harry and the Royal Family last year , it appears that actress Cressida Bonas has done anything but sit around and mope . On the contrary , the invitations have flooded in . From fashion parties and music festivals , she 's been pictured living the kind of life that most 26-year-olds can only dream of . She 's bagged herself a modelling contract with Mulberry , starred in a West End stage play and is now destined to act alongside Dame Judi Dench . It seems she definitely does n't regret turning down the crown ? Scroll down for video . Cressida dated Prince Harry for two years , after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie . The pair split last April , despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry . Mulberry buttercup dress delphinium broderie anglaise . Shop it in blue here . Visit site . To the Golden Globes party last year , Cressida rocked this black Mulberry dress , just days after she worked the exact same pick in white at the BAFTAs . While the dresses were n't so suitable for the red-carpet dos mid-winter , we are loving them for the upcoming spring season teamed with gladiator flats or wedged sandals come night time . And it 's no wonder Cressida was wearing so much Mulberry after being named the new face of the brand . Sadly the black number is n't available to buy , but if you click right , you can bag the dress in blue or white on Mulberry 's website -LRB- if they have your size left -RRB- . If you 're out of luck and you 're more of a little black dress lady like Cressida , see our fab halterneck options below to step into spring for a snip of the price . A.B.S. by Allen Schwartz Black Cutout Halter Dress -LRB- now on sale for $ 99.99 ! -RRB- at Bluefly . Visit site . MICHAEL Michael Kors Metal Neck Halter Dress at Zappos . Visit site . Diane von Furstenberg Amelia Lace Halter Dress -LRB- now on sale for $ 199.20 ! -RRB- at Saks Fifth Avenue . Visit site . Isa Arfen Guipure Long Halter Dress at Moda Operandi . Visit site . In fact , the professionally-trained dancer , ski instructor , actress and model says she 's now having the time of her life . Talking to the The Times , Cressida , Cressie to her friends , revealed that not only is she happily single , but that she 's enjoying every minute of it . Though she still maintains a close friendship with Princess Eugenie , Cressida has broken free of the constraints that being part of the Royal Family could have put on her career . From a starring role in a six-week run of the play There 's A Monster In The Lake , to dancing her way through Mulberry 's new Spring/Summer 2015 ad campaign video , Cressie has cut loose . It 's thought the pressures of becoming part of the Royal Family put a strain on Cressida 's relationship with Harry . She has long dreamed of becoming an actress and wanted to pursue her career freely . Cressida has maintained a close relationship with friend Princess Eugenie despite the split . Calling herself a ` strong independent woman ' and a ` lion ' when it comes to protecting those that she loves , it seems we 're all about to see a new version of the once quiet Cressida Bonas . ` I hope the focus is becoming more about the skills I have , ' she said , referring to her time spent being known as little more than Harry 's girl . The months leading up to her split from Harry last spring saw rumours hit fever pitch that the pair would imminently announce plans to marry . ` I hope the focus is becoming more about the skills I have , ' said Cressida of the shift she hopes will happen in terms of how the media and public see her now that 's she pursuing an acting career . Of the rumours surrounding both herself and Harry , Cressida said , ` all that stuff is not real . It 's really important to remember that all it is is noise , noise that can be very loud at times ' With a wedding thought to be on the way , the Duchess of Cambridge was even said to be helping shy Cressie learn how to handle to the intensity of the Royal spotlight . But the actress now dismisses all that as mere ` noise ' . ` All that stuff is not real . It 's really important to remember that all it is is noise , noise that can be very loud at times . ' Since splitting with Prince Harry Cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like Glastonbury -LRB- pictured above -RRB- with her friends , away from the intense media spotlight . Fashionista : Cressida attended the VIP party to celebrate the v & a 's Alexander McQueen : Savage Beauty fashion exhibition . As rumours of Prince Harry and Cressida 's engagement circulated , the Duchess of Cambridge was even said to be helping shy Cressie learn how to handle to the intensity of the Royal spotlight . What is n't just noise however , is that Cressida may be on the brink of finding fame on the big screen . Having grown up surrounded by a family of what she calls thespians and drama lovers , becoming an actress has long been Cressie 's dream . Now , after studying drama and dance , she 's bagged herself a role in upcoming film Tulip Fever , alongside Judi Dench , and supermodel-turned-actress Cara Delevingne . Cressida is following in the footsteps of former Mulberry model Cara Delevingne , after landing a role in upcoming film Tulip Fever alongside the supermodel and Dame Judi Dench . Film producer Harvey Weinstein is even championing her for a lustrous career as a result . ` People will see what a fantastic actress she is . It will be the first of many roles for her , ' he told MailOnline . The movie boss ever praised Cressida for not trying to use her fame to secure roles , saying : ` She is not taking advantage of any media profile . '