John Carver has labelled Moussa Sissoko 's reckless lunge on Lucas as ` indefensible ' as the Newcastle boss refused to make excuses for his captain . The midfielder was sent off for two bookings in the 2-0 defeat at Liverpool Sunday night , but he could 've seen a straight red after he caught Lucas on the ankle . The defeat was Newcastle 's fifth in succession and left them with work still to do to ensure they do not get pulled into the relegation battle . Moussa Sissoko lunges in and makes a terrible tackle on Liverpool midfielder Lucas . The 25-year-old was sent off for a second bookable offence during Newcastle 's defeat at Anfield . Carver admitted Sissoko could easily have been shown a straight red , pulling no punches . He said : ` The sending off , it could have been a straight red , I will be honest . I have said that to Moussa , I am quite straight and I wo n't defend anyone if it is indefensible . ' Asked if Sissoko could be fined , Carver said : ` I am sure there will be some kind of disciplinary procedure . I said before the game we needed to keep 11 players . ' Lucas goes down in pain after Sissoko 's nasty challenge at Anfield on Monday night . Newcastle manager John Carver labelled Sissoko 's tackle as ` indefensible ' While Carver did not complain about that decision , he was angry that Ayoze Perez did not earn a penalty after apparently being felled by Dejan Lovren . He said : ` The game hinged on a huge decision . I do n't want to be seen to be a moaner but it is fact we do n't get big decisions for whatever reasons , it could be me . I have spoken to the referee , but it does n't help me . ' Carver did see reason for some optimism , feeling that his side 's performance was much improved from their derby loss to Sunderland last time out . Sissoko is given his marching orders by referee Lee Mason after picking up two yellow cards . He said : ` I thought the first nine minutes we were very tentative , nervous after our performance against Sunderland . It was a bad goal to concede . ` After that we grew into the game . It is easy to crumble at Anfield but we did n't . One or two guys rolled their sleeves up . ` I think we got a response . We did n't get a result but I saw enough . ` There are lot of positives to take from the game . A lot of people expected us to get a hiding and I think we held our own for the majority of the game . '