Japan 's defence minister has been forced to assure MPs that the country has never been invaded by aliens . Speaking in parliament earlier today , Gen Nakatani promised lawmakers that there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace , and that no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way . Nakatani said the nation 's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but , so far , they had not encountered visitors from space . ET no home : Defence Minister Gen Nakatani responded to questions from an MP about potential alien invasions , and assured parliament that Japan has never been invaded by extra-terrestrials . Nakatani addressed the ` alien question ' after an enquiry from one of Japan 's more flamboyant MPs - wrestler-turned-politician Antonio Inoki . ` When the Air Self Defence Force detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate our country 's airspace , it scrambles fighter jets if necessary and makes visual observation , ' he said . ` They sometimes find birds or flying objects other than aircraft but I do n't know a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come over from anywhere other than Earth , ' he said . At a meeting Wednesday of the budget committee in Japan 's upper house , Inoki had asked if aircraft were dispatched to meet extra-terrestrial visitors and ` whether studies aliens are going on ' . Inoki , founder and former owner of New Japan Pro Wrestling , said he did not know whether or not aliens existed , but he had once seen a mysterious flying object rocket into the air on the horizon and disappear . No visitors : Nakatani told MPs there has been no violation of Japanese airspace by aliens , and that no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way . Wednesday 's exchange was not the first official Japanese pronouncement on spacemen and their aircraft . A 2007 statement said the government ` has not confirmed the existence of unidentified flying objects believed to have come from anywhere other than Earth ' . But the statement , formally endorsed at a cabinet meeting at the time , prompted a surprise rebuttal from the top government spokesman . Nobutaka Machimura , chief cabinet secretary at the time , said : ` Personally , I absolutely believe they exist . ' Then-defence minister Shigeru Ishiba also said that in his personal opinion there were ` no grounds ' to deny that there are UFOs controlled by alien life-forms .