President Barack Obama secretly granted the CIA an exemption relaxing restrictions on drone strikes in Pakistan after enacting more stringent rules in 2013 to reduce the risk of civilian casualties , it was revealed today . According to The Wall Street Journal , which first reported the story Monday citing current and former government officials , Obama gave the spy agency a pass on providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the US . Had the CIA been subjected to the same stringent rules as other agencies , argues the article , the January drone strike that killed two hostages , one of them an American , could have been postponed or even prevented entirely . Innocent victims : Al Qaeda hostages Dr Warren Weinstein -LRB- left -RRB- , a 73-year-old economic adviser from the US , and 39-year-old Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto -LRB- right -RRB- were killed in a botched drone strike in January , which US officials say could have been postponed had it not been for a relaxed drone policy . President Obama , seen here April 23 addressing the death of the two captives , reportedly has granted CIA a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof of imminent threat to the US ahead of planned drone strikes . Without Obama 's waiver , CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted in the January 15 strike , which may have delayed it , possibly sparing the lives of Dr Warren Weinstein , a 73-year-old economic adviser from the US , and 39-year-old Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto . The CIA was seeking to destroy an al Qaeda compound in Pakistan when the two captives were killed , along with Ahmed Faruq , an American described as a leader of Al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent . Al-Qaeda 's English-language spokesman , a California rocker-turned jihadist , Adam Gadahn , died in a separate strike . Lo Porto disappeared in January 2012 in Pakistan , just a few days into his second stint in the country . A native of Sicily , Lo Porto previously worked in Croatia , the Central African Republic and Haiti . Weinstein was snatched after gunmen tricked their way into his home in Lahore on August 13 , 2011 shortly before he was due to return home after seven years working in Pakistan . He later appeared in a video in which , under apparent coercion , he asked the United States to free Al-Qaeda prisoners . Weinstein 's widow said in a statement that ` we are devastated by this news and the knowledge that my husband will never safely return home . ' President Obama last week publicly apologized for the hostage deaths and took ` full responsibility ' for all counter terrorism operations . Several investigations into the botched drone strike , including by the CIA and US Congress , are expected to take place in the coming months . Dr Weinstein , pictured with his wife , was abducted after gunmen tricked their way into his home in Lahore on August 13 , 2011 shortly before he was due to return home after seven years working in Pakistan . Flowers and ribbons adorn a tree outside the Weinstein familyhouse in Rockville , Maryland April 23 . Earlier , President Obama took full responsibility for the counterterror missions and offered his ` grief and condolences ' Obama was quick to stress that ` we do believe that the operation did take out dangerous members of Al-Qaeda . ' He also noted that January 15 strike was ` fully consistent with the guidelines under which we conduct counterterrorism efforts in the region . ` Since 9/11 , our counterterrorism efforts have prevented terrorist attacks and saved innocent lives both here in America , and around the world , ' the commander-in-chief said during a press conference Thursday . CIA drone operations are broadly divided into two distinct categories : ` signature strikes ' and ` kill list ' strikes , according to the Journal . The agency would go after specific targets if they are present on the kill list , but the president has to personally sign off on each such operation . Signature strikes , however , can be carried out against any suspected enemy combatants and are not subjected to Obama 's approval . According to the paper , in 2013 the president endorsed a set of restrictions aimed at eliminating ` signature strikes ' altogether in order to reduce the number of civilian deaths , but unnamed officials say many of the rules have yet to be implemented . Despite Obama 's defense of his counterterrorism record , congressional leaders rapidly called for more oversight over the drone program . , . Appearing on CNN 's State of the Union Sunday , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain said drone strikes against suspected militants on foreign soil should be run by the US military and not the CIA . Pushing for reform : Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain said drone strikes against suspected militants on foreign soil should be run by the US military and not the CIA . ` I think it was probably preventable , in that there was an obvious breakdown in intelligence . They did n't know that they were there , ' McCain said of the January drone strike . The Republican senator and 2008 failed presidential candidate predicted the incident will renew a debate within the Obama administration on how the drone program is run . However , there still appeared to be strong support in Congress for employing the unmanned drones against enemy targets , which has expanded during the Obama administration . Critics have long complained about civilians being killed in the air strikes . It is an ` integral part of the conflict and a very essential one , ' McCain told CNN . McCain acknowledged ` some bias ' on which federal agency should operate the drone program , given that shifting it to the Pentagon from the CIA would put it under his purview as chairman of the Senate committee overseeing the military . Nevertheless , McCain said the Pentagon had the expertise and , ` I think it should be conducted and oversight and administered by the Department of Defense . ' Warren Weinstein is the seventh American to be killed by drones , the sixth who was hit inadvertently . In December American Luke Somers and South African Pierre Korkie were both killed when US Special Forces attempted to rescue them in Yemen . Obama said he ordered the raid because the 33-year-old Somers was believed to be in ` imminent danger . ' The president condemned Somers ' killing as a ` barbaric murder . ' In 2013 , Obama defended America 's controversial drone attacks as legal , effective and a necessary linchpin in an evolving U.S. counterterrorism policy , saying , ` Simply put , these strikes save lives . ' But also acknowledged the targeted strikes are no ` cure-all ' and said he is haunted by the civilians unintentionally killed . Since taking office , Obama 's counterterrorism strategy has increasingly relied on the use of strikes by unmanned spy drones , particularly in Pakistan and Yemen . The highly secretive program has faced criticism from congressional lawmakers who have questioned its scope and legality . Even though CIA drone strikes in Pakistan have steeply declined from a peak of around 128 in 2010 , according to the Bureau of Investigative Journalism , which tracks each strike reported by the media - there have been seven drone strikes in Pakistan so far this year , the group said .