A 73-year-old grandmother was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday after gunning down her third husband while he was sleeping . It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict Colleen Harris of murdering Robert Edward ` Bob ' Harris in their Placerville , California home in 2013 . Decades before , in 1985 , Colleen Harris , a Placerville Land surveyor , shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children , 46-year-old James Batten , after claiming he had been abusive towards her . Colleen Harris -LRB- right -RRB- , 73 , pictured with defense attorney David Weiner , was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday after shooting her husband while he was sleeping in 2013 . Colleen Harris wept in court after the El Dorado Superior Court jury announced their decision . It took them less than two hours to convict her of murder . Colleen Harris will be sentenced for the killing of her third husband on June 5 . She stands to receive 50 years to life for first-degree murder with a firearm . Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun , and in both cases , after pulling the trigger , she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it . Colleen Harris will be sentenced on June 5 , standing to receive 50 years to life for first-degree murder with a firearm , according to the Sacramento Bee . She cried and put her hand over her face as she was found guilty . Her initial trial testimony was that Bob Harris may have committed suicide , and later Colleen Harris claimed that the shooting was an accident wherein the couple had wrestled over the gun on their bed . Bob Harris , a U.S. forest supervisor , baseball umpire and sheriff 's volunteer , was having an extramarital affair with a 34-year-old doctoral student and teacher he met in Mongolia , the court heard . Colleen Harris -LRB- left -RRB- first testified that Bob Harris -LRB- right -RRB- may have committed suicide . But she later said that Bob Harris 's death was an accident that happened when the couple were wrestling over a shotgun on their bed . Bob and Colleen were married in 1990 . They had two sons and a daughter together before divorcing in 2004 . They married again a year later . In 1990 , Bob and Colleen Harris married and had two sons and a daughter . They divorced in 2004 but then married again a year later . Then in 2012 , as Harris took a trip to Mongolia , where he taught environmental conservation to students , he met another woman and began a relationship with her , the Bee reported . When he returned to California , he and his wife separated and he moved out . But when Colleen Harris was house-bound following hip-replacement surgery , he returned to the Placerville home to help her . And on January 5 , 2013 , she overheard her husband making a call to his love interest overseas and later that night or the following morning , she shot him as he slept , prosecutors said . She then allegedly drove to San Francisco and stashed her husband 's cellphone , a handgun - not the same one used in the murder - and his coin collection , in her son 's garage . After returning home , she called the lawyer who won her previous case and told him that she had shot her husband , prosecutors say . The lawyer then contacted the Sheriff 's Office . El Dorado County Deputy District Attorney Joe Alexander said that Harris claimed she had been in a ` gray fog ' but insisted she would never shoot her husband . She said she was in the same fog in 1985 . She was acquitted in her 1986 trial after claiming she had acted in self defense when her husband , whom she was divorcing , held a pistol to her head , threatened to kill her and sexually abused her . Bob Harris 's son Scott Harris weeps in relief and has to wipe his eyes when the guilty verdict was announced on Wednesday . Harris 's other two children , Pam Stirling -LRB- left -RRB- and Andy Harris -LRB- right -RRB- , are comforted by relatives after the guilty verdict was announced in court . Bob Harris 's sister Nancy Glaiberman , wiped tears from her eyes as the guilty verdict is announced at El Dorado Superior Court on Wednesday . She said she could n't remember killing him and a psychiatrist testified during the trial that she suffered from limited amnesia . The prosecution claimed , however , that she had shot her husband as he read a newspaper in bed and then killed him with another shot at close range , before putting a pistol in the bed to make it look like self-defense . She waited an hour before calling the Sheriff 's Office . Two of Bob Harris 's children , Andy Harris and Pam Stirling said that Wednesday 's verdict brought needed relief . ` I wish the jury could have heard how wonderful he was , ' Stirling told the Sacramento Bee . ` I think justice served will be a good start for our family to recover from this tragedy . ' In the case , prosecutor Joe Alexander said that Colleen Harris shot Bob Harris in a premeditated act because she knew he had called the woman he was having an affair with . Bob Harris worked in the Forest Service and as an instructor with the El Dorado Sheriff 's Department . He was also an umpire for little league and minor league baseball . But the defense said that Bob Harris was upset at sending Stirling a text message that said , ` Between you and me , as I sit here wondering who I am married to , your dad just called his Mongolia love about 10 minutes ago ' . Colleen Harris testified that she went into the couple 's bedroom to comfort her husband when she saw the shotgun on the bed . She said she wrestled for the gun and then it gets grey . When she came to and turned on the light , she ` saw the most horrible thing ' , which was Bob Harris 's dead body . After the killing , she made a trip to San Francisco and returned to try to wipe Bob Harris 's blood off the ceiling before calling the police . Sterling said that her father was ` very unhappy in the marriage ' and she was glad the jury acknowledged that Colleen Harris 's actions were cruel . ` When someone wants to break away from another person , it seems that the other person can make a decision other than to kill him , ' she said . In 1985 , Colleen Harris shot her second husband dead in the same house that Bob Harris was murdered at in 2013 .