Bristol City became the first side in the Football League to win promotion as they booked their place in next season 's Sky Bet Championship by battering Bradford 6-0 . The Robins reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season at Valley Parade thanks to James Tavernier 's brace and further goals from Joe Bryan , Luke Ayling , Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham . Tavernier , who went up as a Rotherham player out of League One last year , fired in the opener after his initial effort was blocked before Bryan jumped highest to double Bristol City 's advantage . Ayling 's fortuitous effort made it 3-0 after the break , Flint then headed a free-kick home , Tavernier stabbed in his second and Wilbraham rolled home a sixth to seal victory and promotion . Bristol City players are sprayed with champagne after securing promotion from League One . The Robins stars shower each other in their isotonic drinks following the final whistle . Bristol City defeated Bradford 6-0 to pick up the final three points they needed to take them up . Bristol City manager Steve Cotterill celebrates promotion with a commemorative bottle of champagne . A pair of Bristol City p ; layers cut comedic figures after wrapping themselves in promotion flags . Bristol City became the first side from the Football League to win promotion this season . Bradford : Williams , Darby , McArdle , MacKenzie , Meredith , Morais -LRB- McMahon -RRB- , Liddle , Knott -LRB- Routis -RRB- , Yeates -LRB- Stead -RRB- , Hanson , Clarke . Subs : Zoko , Urwin , Halliday , Dolan . Bristol City : Fielding , Ayling , Flint , Williams , Tavernier , Smith , Freeman -LRB- Saville -RRB- , Pack , Bryan -LRB- Cunningham -RRB- , Agard , Wilbraham -LRB- Emmanuel-Thomas -RRB- . Subs : Osborne , Elliott , Emmanuel-Thomas , Wagstaff , Richard . Scorers : Tavernier , Bryan , Ayling , Flint , Wilbraham . Referee : Stuart Attwell -LRB- Warwickshire -RRB- . Att : 12,609 . James Tavernier -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates after opening the scoring in Bristol City 's promotion winning victory . Tavernier -LRB- centre -RRB- opened the scoring with a neat right-footed finish after 16minutes . Joe Bryan rises above the Bradford defence to double Bristol 's lead in the first half . Bryan -LRB- centre -RRB- wheels away after doubling Bristol City 's lead with a first-half header . Aden Flint heads home Marlon Pack 's cross to notch up Bristol City 's fourth goal . Flint celebrates after making it four for Bristol City with a brave header . Tavernier netted his second of the evening from close range as the Robins scored their way to promotion . Bristol captain Aaron Wilbraham nets the sixth and final goal for the visitors at the Coral Windows Stadium .