A former primary school teacher has been charged with a string of sexual offences against children . Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire before becoming a lecturer at Basingstoke College of Technology . The 32-year-old from Eastleigh has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children that include rape and sexual activity with a child . A former primary school teacher has been charged with dozens of sexual offences against children . Among the schools where Lloyd Dennis has taught is Cadland Primary School in Hampshire -LRB- above -RRB- . Hampshire Constabulary are appealing for anyone with information to come forward to help its investigation . Among schools where Dennis has taught is Bishop 's Waltham Junior School and Cadland Primary in the New Forest . All of the schools have been informed of his arrest and are helping police with inquiries . ` The welfare of the pupils at the schools is our absolute priority and if I , or any of my team , are notified of any concerns , they are investigated thoroughly in accordance with Children 's Services Safeguarding Guidelines , ' a statement released by the head teacher of Bishop 's Waltham Junior School read . Cadland Primary School issued a news letter in which headteacher Mrs . Detective Constable Sarah Fox of Hampshire Constabulary said : ` These charges are in relation to a number of incidents involving two victims . ` Our investigation into the circumstances surrounding these incidents continues . ' Dennis will appear at Southampton Magistrates Court later this month . The 32-year-old is accused of 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child . He has also taught at Bishops Waltham Junior School -LRB- above -RRB- . More recently Dennis took up a position as a lecturer at Basingstoke College of Technology -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Police are appealing to the public for any information that may help inquiries . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .