The world 's oldest person has died a few weeks after celebrating her 117th birthday - after saying her life seemed ` rather short ' . Misao Okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka , Japan , as she died of heart failure on April 1 . Born on March 5 , 1898 , the great-grandmother had lived through two World Wars , the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright Brothers . The world 's oldest person , Misao Okawa of Japan , died on April 1 aged 117 . The great-grandmother had only celebrated her most recent birthday on March 5 , where she said she thought her life had been ` rather short ' At her 117th birthday party last month Okawa said that her life had seemed ` rather short . ' When asked the secret to long life , she said : ` I wonder about that too . ' Okawa was born in Osaka , west Japan , the fourth daughter of a kimono maker . She marred her husband , Yukio , in 1919 , and they had two daughters and a son . He died in 1931 . The ` super-centenarian ' , who was only fifth person ever recorded to have reached the age of 117 , but was still walking until she was 110 . She was recognised as the world 's oldest person by the Guinness World Records in 2013 . Misao Okawa was visited by the Ward Mayor Takehiro Ogura for her birthday part at a nursing home in Osaka , western Japan . She died of heart failure , with an official at her nursing home saying ` She went so peacefully ' Misao Okawa , the 117-year-old who died on April 1 , lived through the entire 20th century . During her lifetime : . - Two World Wars took place - and the atomic bomb was dropped on her home nation , Japan . - The television and internet were invented . - The Wright Brothers carried out the first ever powered flight of an aeroplane . - Albert Einstein announced his theory of relativity , and Ernest Rutherford split the atom . - Space travel was invented . - There has been 23 different British Prime Ministers and 21 US Presidents . Until 10 days ago nursing staff said she was eating well , enjoying her daily cup of coffee and her favourite dishes , including ramen . Tomohiro Okada , an official at the nursing home , praised her for achieving such a long and healthy life . ` She went so peacefully , as if she had just fallen asleep ' , Okada said . ` We will miss her a lot . ' Gertrude Weaver , aged 116 , is now the world 's oldest person , according to Los Angeles-based Geronotology Research Group , . The American , who lives in Arkansas , was born on July 4 , 1898 . In an interview with Time Magazine in 2014 , when she was named America 's oldest woman , she said the secret to long life is kindness . ` Treat people right and be nice to other people the way you want them to be nice to you ' , she said . The new oldest person in the world , American Gertrude Weaver , is aged 116 and lives in Arkansas . Speaking in 2014 , she said the secret to long life is kindness , saying : ` Treat people nice and be nice to other people ' The Guinness World Records announced Okawa was the oldest person in the world in 2003 . Until 10 days ago nursing staff sad she had a normal appetite and enjoyed a daily cup of coffee and ramen noodles . ` The Lord blessed me , I think , because I 'm good to my family and good to my children and grandchildren . And I feed them . ' Japan 's oldest person is now a 115-year-old Tokyo woman , according to the Ministry of Health , Labor and Welfare . The name of the woman , who was born March 15 , 1900 , was not released at the request of her family , the ministry said . Japan has the most centenarians in the world , with more than 58,000 , according to the government . About 87 percent of them are women . Tomohiro Okada , an official at the nursing home , praised Okawa for achieving such a long and healthy life . With her when she died , he said : ` She went so peacefully , as if she had just fallen asleep '