Liverpool players declared an early Ladies Day at Aintree as they suited up with their other halves to take in the opening day of the Grand National Meeting . The day after Brendan Rodgers ' side secured an FA Cup semi-final berth Brad Jones , Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in Liverpool . The night before Philippe Coutinho 's 70th-minute strike in the replay with Blackburn saw the Reds through to the last four in their final chance for silverware for the season . A day at the races -LRB- from left -RRB- : Fabio Borini , Glen Johnson , Dani Lawrence -LRB- wife of Brad Jones -RRB- , Laura Johnson and Borini 's wife , Erin O'Neill enjoy opening day of the Grand National Meeting at Aintree . Brad Jones ' wife Dani posts a happy snap with Borini and Johnson after Clarcam won the first at Aintree . Striker Fabio and model Erin strike a pose -LRB- left -RRB- while Glen and Laura Johnson take a stroll at Aintree . Italian Borini and the wags appear excited as a race gets underway at Aintree on the opening day . It 's all smiles in the Liverpool camp as Erin and Laura appear to celebrate picking a winner . Dani yawns while the party enjoys a quiet moment of reflection during a long day at the races . Borini 's wife Erin O'Neill declared her ` Hubby -LRB- is -RRB- looking dapper ' in an Instagram post while the striker was driving to the racecourse . While Jones ' wife Dani chose a stunning white lace dress , she admitted that she had n't prepared adequately for the spring sunshine . ` Ca n't believe I forgot my sunnies , ' she Tweeted . Adding to the day , Johnson 's wife Laura was celebrating her birthday from the day before . Liverpool keeper Brad Jones with his wife Dani Lawence at opening day of the Grand National Meeting . Lawrence -LRB- from left -RRB- with Glen Johnson 's wife Laura and Fabio Borini 's other half Erin O'Neill . The Liverpool FC race-goers on parade during their big day out on Thursday . No winner here then as the mood on the balcony takes on a more subdued tone . It appeared to be party time as O'Neill posted images on Instagram of the close friends together . The three couples arrived ahead of the 1.40 pm first , the One Magnificent City Manifesto Novices ' Chase , ahead of the day 's richest run , the Doom Bar Aitree Hurdle , worth £ 112,540 to the winner . The relaxed day one at Aintree was a pleasant distraction for three players who have all endured frustrating seasons . Erin gives Fabio a kiss as they cosy up on the balcony while surveying the track at Aintree . O'Neill approves of her Italian husband Fabio Borini 's attire as he drives the couple to the races . O'Neill poses with Laura Johnson , whose birthday was Wedneday , as the beautiful duo prepare for Aintree . Although Johnson started on Wednesday evening in a defensive formation that 's been battered by injuries and suspensions , he 's struggled for form and fallen out of favour with Rodgers . Borini has n't played since he came off the bench as Liverpool beat Bolton in their first FA Cup replay of the year back in January while Jones has n't appeared for the first team since Boxing Day . Liverpool next face Newcastle on Monday as they cling on to faint hopes to chasing down a spot in the Premier League 's top four . Johnson at the races after playing the full game for Liverpool in their FA Cup replay win over Blackburn .