There is a rich and mildly amusing irony about Arsenal fans calling Chelsea boring for defending well , when these Gooners still celebrate a side that ground out results just to preserve their unbeaten record in 2003-04 . They drew four of their last seven , the lifeless goalless stalemate at home to Birmingham a particular highlight . Instead of giving a shallow critique fuelled by sour grapes on Chelsea 's title winners , maybe those fans should focus on the shortcomings of their own players , and in particular Mesut Ozil . Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he did n't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday . The German , celebrating the FA Cup win over Reading , needs to start performing to live up to his £ 42m tag . I 've enjoyed some of Ozil 's recent performances , he 's been sublime more than spectacular , but he 's definitely been a joy to watch . And so as I sat down to watch Arsenal face Chelsea , I felt confident that Ozil could be the difference between the two teams . I also felt that Arsenal could win the game , and win it well . And that if they did win it well , it would put huge pressure on Chelsea in the run-in . I felt there would be a chance that a big result for Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday might just open the title door for the Gunners . But it was n't to be . And come the big moment , the big player fluffed his lines . Ozil was n't terrible but he did n't impact the game enough . While Cesc Fabregas was sending a killer pass only for Oscar to be wiped out by the goalkeeper -LRB- how is that not a penalty ? -RRB- , and Willian carved Arsenal up with the pass of the match to gift a great chance to Ramires , Ozil was tidy , nothing more . Cesc Fabregas outshone Ozil on Sunday as Chelsea showed why they are ahead of Arsenal this season . Fabregas , who left the Emirates pitch with Ozil 's shirt , would have been better than the German for Arsenal . Ozil takes on Cesar Azpilicueta in a game where he was fine , but not good enough to change the result . He did n't stand out . He did n't impact the game enough to affect the result . He did n't show any signs of being world class , or worth £ 42million . And then when he had the chance to be the match winner , Ozil completely missed his kick with the goal gaping right in front of him . Poor technique . In the second half Chelsea played into Ozil 's hands . They effectively gave him the ball and asked him what he could do . If he 's as good as he 's purported to be , he kills off Chelsea with his ability on the ball . But he could n't create the winning goal . For all of Arsenal 's pivotal , meaningful , must-win games in the last two seasons , Ozil has looked average . Even in the FA Cup final last year it was Santi Cazorla and Aaron Ramsey who stood out , while Ozil failed to shine , complaining afterwards he was tired after his first season in English football . He was the most expensive player on the pitch on Sunday and come the end of his Arsenal career he will be judged on his impact . Ozil could go down the same route as Juan Sebastian Veron -LRB- left -RRB- and Andriy Shevchenko . When Thierry Henry says Arsenal need a new spine of their team , it 's time to start listening . A player with a huge reputation signed for such a huge amount has to be more than just sublime . He has to have a major impact in the big games , he has to take the team to another level . Two seasons have gone and Ozil has failed to do that at Arsenal . There are other big signings with big reputations who have flopped in the Premier League -- Andriy Shevchenko , Fernando Torres , Juan Sebastian Veron , and we 're still waiting for the biggest of them all -- Angel di Maria - to show us what he can do . Ozil could be joining that list unless he delivers something amazing next season . When an Arsenal legend like Thierry Henry points out that after all this time Arsene Wenger has constructed a team without a spine -- Henry said they need a goalkeeper , a centre half , a defensive midfielder , and a top striker -- you have to listen . He 's right of course , but the knock-on effect is that the top players Arsenal have in their team need to deliver something extra special . And Ozil has failed to do that . In one of the biggest games of Arsenal 's season , Ozil missed his kick when a late opportunity came his way . Arsenal fans are defensive of the Germany midfielder but that is merely a sign of their low expectations . Henry said what all Arsenal fans know , but most refuse to admit -- Fabregas would have had a bigger impact in that team this season than Ozil has . There 's a lot of goodwill from Arsenal fans towards Ozil -- they want him to be the hero , they want him to be their superstar . And that desperation means some have over-praised his performances . They 're hoping it 's some kind of twisted self-fulfilling prophecy -- if they keep saying Ozil is brilliant , then maybe he will be . Witness this tweet about Ozil from Arsenal fan @girlgooner two weeks ago : ` I still ca n't believe he plays for my team Arsenal , I think we are very lucky , he 's a very special player . ' It seems you only have to sign for Arsenal these days to be a legend . That 's how well Wenger has managed and manipulated standards and expectations at this once great football club . As for Ozil , he 's been good . But he needs to be brilliant .