Ed Miliband will do ` more damage to the country than he did to his brother ' , Boris Johnson said this morning as the pair clashed on live TV . The London Mayor , who appeared alongside Mr Miliband on the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show , launched a furious personal assault on his rival - with their encounter descending into a furious shouting match . But Mr Miliband , who beat his elder brother David to the Labour leadership in 2010 , ended up laughing off the attack , responding : ` Come on Boris , you 're better than that . ' Animated : Boris Johnson wags a finger at Miliband , who appears to have a clenched fist , on the Andrew Marr Show this morning . The rivals ' encounter quickly descended into a slanging match . No let-up : The Tory and Labour politicians go at it hammer and tongs in front of their TV audience . The heated exchange ends with presenter Andrew Marr -LRB- right -RRB- injecting and the men trying to laugh about it . Mr Johnson 's verbal mauling of the Labour leader comes after the Tories were accused of ` descending into the gutter ' for claiming that Mr Miliband may ` stab the country in the back ' by doing a deal with the SNP to get into power . But today , Mr Johnson insisted that Labour could not take power without the support of the SNP , and claimed the prospect was ` actually deeply alarming ' . He said Mr Miliband would have to take help from the Scottish party ` crouching on his back like a monkey ' - making it impossible for him to govern in the interests of the whole UK . The London Mayor added : I am not saying that your brother had to present himself at a & e a a dagger in his back ... -LSB- but -RSB- he -LSB- Ed Miliband -RSB- would do more damage to this country than he did to his brother , and that is the key point . ' Verbal onslaught : Mr Johnson said that Labour could not take power without the support of the SNP . Time to go : Mr Johnson and Mr Miliband leave the politics programme after their massive on-air argument . Mr Miliband arrived at the BBC studios in Central London by car , while Mr Johnson cycled there . Ed Miliband won the Labour leadership in September 2010 by narrowly beating his brother David , who had been the runaway favourite for the top job . The younger sibling won the ballot by just over 1 per cent after the second , third and fourth preference votes came into play . David had garnered the majority of support from Labour MPs and party members - but Ed was ahead with the trade-union members . He hugged David after the result was announced - but later admitted the decision to stand against him caused deep division between the brothers . David stayed on as an MP until 2013 , then announced he was quitting Parliament to become head of the giant New York-based charity International Rescue Committee . Mr Miliband hit out at the Conservatives for their campaign , saying : ` They are so desperate they are reduced to trying to set one part of the country against another . ' Mr Johnson insisted the Conservative attacks on the SNP were not risking the union . ` I 'm so proud and so positive about what 's happening in this country at the moment , and I just think there are unnecessary risks involved in this Labour-SNP condominium , ' he said . ` So the answer would be , no I do n't think we are in any way imperiling the union . The people who would imperil the union , because that 's what their party is called , is the Scottish Nationalist Party . ` And I imagine their strategy - like the parable , or the fable , of the frog and the scorpion - is to be allowed to be carried across the river and then ultimately to sting ... -LSB- he is cut off -RSB- ' The Conservatives have made the prospect of a Labour administration that 's reliant on SNP votes one of the central planks of their election campaign in the last fortnight . But Mr Miliband has repeatedly insisted that he will not make any ` deals ' with the SNP to become Prime Minister . And he told Andrew Marr today : ` No coalition , no tie-ins , I have said no deals - I have been clear about that . I am not doing deals with the Scottish Nationalist Party . ' Asked explicitly whether he was ruling out a confidence-and-supply agreement , he replied : ` No deals . ' Ed Miliband and Boris Johnson livened up the election campaign this morning when they went head-to-head on live TV . After being interviewed separately by presenter Andrew Marr , the pair of would-be Prime Ministers were brought together to challenge each other directly . Mr Miliband kicked off the heated exchange by demanding to know if Mr Johnson backed rules that allow wealthy foreigners living in Britain to avoid tax on their overseas earnings . He said : ` Are you for keeping non-dom status ? You 're defending those people who come here , they live here for 30 years , they are permanently here and they do n't pay taxes here . ' Mr Johnson responded : ` Hang on , is this the Ed Miliband who was in the Treasury with Gordon Brown for about ten years ? Are you the same creature ? I mean , is there some sort of doppelganger going on ? ' The Labour leader hit back , saying : ` Do n't get rattled , come on now . Andrew Marr interjected to ask the London Mayor to defend inflammatory remarks in which he had accused Mr Miliband of being a back stabber . He said : ` You attacked Ed Miliband very forcibly today , Boris , for backstabbing . Do you really think that is a fair approach to somebody who is standing in an election ? Before Mr Johnson could speak , Mr Miliband said : ` He does n't believe it . Come on , Boris , you are better than that . ' But the London Mayor replied : ` I am not saying that your brother had to present himself at a & e a a dagger in his back . But he would do more damage to this country than to his brother - and that is the key point . '