Celtic have announced that they are to erect a bronze statue of Billy McNeill to mark the magnificent achievements of the club 's greatest ever captain . The statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way and will represent a man who is synonymous with the club and someone who represented them with true distinction as both a player and manager . As a player , McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles , seven Scottish Cups , six League Cups and , of course , he was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967 . Celtic legend BIlly McNeill poses with the European Cup to commemorate the club 's famous 1967 victory . He was named the Scottish Footballer of the Year in season 1964-65 , the first ever winner of the award . As manager , McNeill delivered four league championship titles , three Scottish Cups and he lifted the League Cup once . As both player and manager , he enjoyed a 27-year association with Celtic Football Club . Fittingly , the work on the statue will be carried out by John McKenna , the sculptor who recently completed the statue of Jock Stein which sits at the entrance to Celtic Park . Work on the statue of McNeill will begin immediately and it is hoped that the completed work will be unveiled at Celtic Park later this year , around Autumn . McNeill -LRB- right -RRB- has a shot blocked by Leeds United midfielder Paul Madeley -LRB- left -RRB- . Celtic Chief Executive Peter Lawwell said : ` Growing up in the 1960s and 1970s as a Celtic supporter , Billy McNeill was an inspiration to me and someone of huge stature in the game , not only on the field but also off it , as a statesman , a leader and a figurehead for our great club . ` His achievements for Celtic are simply outstanding and across a period of 27 years he gave so much to the club . ` It is a privilege to now know Billy , and consider him as a friend . He is someone who commands the respect of everyone across the entire footballing spectrum . ` We are delighted already to have Billy as our Ambassador at the club but the Board felt unanimously that he should recognised in this way , given all that he has contributed to Celtic over so many years . ` We look forward to the unveiling of the statue , which we are sure will be a great tribute to a great man . ' McNeill himself said : ` When Peter contacted me regarding the statue I was completely taken by surprise . ` Whenever I walk up the Celtic Way , I look on with a great sense of pride at the sight of Brother Walfrid , Big Jock and my old team-mate and friend Jinky rightly taking their place almost as guardians of Celtic Park . ` Every time I look back at this special club 's history and what we achieved it fills me with joy , and now to be told I am to be honoured beside these Celtic greats , this really is a special day for me and all my family . ' Following the 2-1 win over Inter Milan in the final , McNeill holds the European Cup above his head .