Madonna received a barrage of criticism from her gay fanbase today after posting a photograph of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and ` thanking ' her for her service . The 56-year-old pop star posted the image of the Iron Lady on Instagram - before quickly deleting it just moments later after receiving dozens of abusive messages . Some of her fans took umbrage to the photo , which Madonna captioned with : ` Thank you Margaret Thatcher ' followed by ' #unapologetic #rebelheart ' and a love heart . The singer , who has a large gay fanbase , offended fans who reminded her that Thatcher enacted legislation that banned ` promoting ' homosexuality in 1988 . Scroll down for video . Pop singer Madonna faced a barrage of criticism from her gay fanbase today after posting this photograph of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and ` thanking ' her for her service . She deleted it just moments later . Madonna has immersed herself in the gay community and was named one of the greatest gay icons of all time . Conservative Thatcher , who led the country from 1979 until 1990 , established Section 28 of the Local Government Act 1988 -- a legislation that was considered anti-gay and later overturned in 2003 . Section 28 was introduced against a backdrop of councils promoting gay relationships in schools and the rise of AIDS . The section of the act banned councils from using taxpayers ' money to fund books , plays , leaflets , films or any other material showing gay relationships as normal and ` promoting the teaching in any maintained school of the acceptability of homosexuality as a pretended family relationship ' . Madonna , who has previously immersed herself in the gay community and was named one of the greatest gay icons of all time in 2012 , thanked Thatcher for her example in the Instagram post today . Some of Madonna 's fans took umbrage to the post of Thatcher 's picture and said she had gone ` a step too far ' However , Conservative fans praised her for the post , with one saying the singer was ` back in my good books ' Madonna was close friends with openly bisexual comedienne Sandra Bernhard ; pictured above in 2000 . Madge posed with her friend Rosie O'Donnell , who is openly lesbian ; seen above in 2001 . Section 28 of the Local Government Act 1988 was introduced under Thatcher 's rule and was a legislation that was considered anti-gay . It was brought in against a backdrop of councils promoting gay relationships in schools and the rise of AIDS . Thatcher 's government claimed to have taken up the ` dangerous gauntlet ' to protect children but it became a rallying cry for campaigners . Current Prime Minister David Cameron has since apologised for banning the promotion of homosexuality in schools . Speaking in 2009 , Mr Cameron said the Conservative party had ` got it wrong ' when it introduced Section 28 in the late 1980s . He insisted he was making his apology because the legislation had been ` offensive to gay people ' and said : ` I 'm sorry for Section 28 . We got it wrong . It was an emotional issue . We have got to move on and we have moved on . ' Alongside the portrait of Thatcher , she pulled out a famous quote from the Iron Lady , which read : ` If you just set out to be liked , you will be prepared to compromise on anything at anytime , and would achieve nothing . ' The post was signed off with #rebelheart -- in an apparent plug for her new album which goes by the same name . However , she took down the post just minutes after uploading it , after fans responded with criticism . One fan , called Sean , wrote : ` Madonna 's Thatcher post was too far ' . Another , writing under the name Madonsha , said : ` Lost a bit of respect for Madonna for posting a picture of Margaret Thatcher , that woman ruined this country recked -LRB- sic -RRB- so many lives urgh . ' And Richard Rippon added : ` Madonna should know that Thatcher was divisive in the UK . Some thought she was a heartless witch , others , an evil threat to society . ' However , other fans praised her Instagram post , including Louise Mensch who wrote : ` Madonna back in my good books . #Thatcher ' The singer then attempted to quell any abuse by following the post up with a rather revealing selfie . The saucy image showed the mother-of-four - dressed in a black corset , nylons , garters and white jacket - lying on a floor surrounded by roses , including one held in her mouth . In the picture , she revealed her cleavage , covered somewhat in red underwear , and showed her cupping one of her breasts with her hand . She captioned the photo : ` He sent me roses begging my forgiveness . I said I 'd think about it . These guys ... ?????? ' Cougar kiss : Madonna surprised rapper Drake with a kiss on stage at Coachella last week . Although she did not reveal the identity of the gentleman who showered her with the red blooms , speculation will likely be that she was speaking of Drake - the rapper who left her red-faced when he winced in horror after she planted an amorous kiss on him during a performance at Coachella last week . The 28-year-old later explained that the kiss was fulfilling for him , despite being photographed appearing to wipe his mouth when the singer kissed him mid-performance . Aftwerwards , Drake said on Twitter : ` Do n't misinterpret my shock !! I got to make out with the queen Madonna and I feel about that forever . Thank you @madonna . ' Madonna has long said to have been a supporter of gay rights , ever since meeting her gay ballet teacher as a teenager in Detroit , Michigan . She has since circulated within the gay community , becoming close friends with lesbian Rosie O'Donnell and bisexual comedienne Sandra Bernhard . It is not the first time Madonna has been in the spotlight for uploading controversial posts to social media . In fact , her behaviour on Twitter and Instagram has become increasingly erratic of late with regular doses of raunchy semi-nude photographs posted online as well as bizarre references to high-profile political leaders and human rights ' activists . The singer came under fire from fans earlier this year after posting pictures of iconic public figures such as Martin Luther King , Nelson Mandela and Princess Diana with bondage tape photoshopped onto their faces . The images were altered to look like her own image on her new album cover - Rebel Hearts - and she was accused of comparing herself to the revolutionaries and civil rights leaders . In the ensuing furore , she was also accused of both racism and narcissism - both of which she took to social media to deny . The Queen of Pop 's cover for her new album Rebel Heart is a close-up of her face with black string on it . The singer came under fire from fans earlier this year after posting pictures of iconic public figures such as Martin Luther King , Nelson Mandela and Princess Diana with bondage tape photoshopped onto their faces . She said : ` I 'm sorry . I 'm not comparing myself to anyone . I 'm admiring and acknowledging there Rebel Hearts -LRB- sic -RRB- ' . She added : ` This is niether a crime or an insult or racist ! I also did it with Michael jaclson and frida khalo and marilyn monroe -LRB- sic -RRB- . ' ` Am I saying I am them NO I 'm saying they are Rebel Hearts too . And I did n't do it My fans did And I just re posted those photos My fans are n't racist either If they put me in the same category as these other people Thank you . ' Her promotion of her latest album has also brought with it countless other controversies . In January , the pop star was accused by many online commentators of using the Charlie Hebdo terrorist attack in Paris to promote her album . It came after she posted a series of photos to her Instagram to offer support after 12 people were killed in the gun attack on the French satirical magazine 's offices . But as the star offered encouraging words in the captions for her social media images , she also provided some hashtags which were in promotion of her new album . The singer 's behaviour on Twitter and Instagram has become increasingly erratic of late with regular doses of raunchy semi-nude photographs posted online , including this image in which she grabbed her breasts . The controversy came on the heels of the pop icon likening the leak of her album to a ` form of terrorism ' - her comments coming just after the world was left in shock following a deadly hostage terrorist siege in Sydney and the devastating Taliban school massacre in Pakistan . Madonna posted a viral image ` Je suis Charlie ' -LRB- I am Charlie -RRB- with the caption : ` These are very scary times we are living in . Ignorance breeds Intolerance and fear . We can only fight darkness with light ! We are all Charlie ! #revolutionoflove -LSB- heart -RSB- #rebelhearts . ' Revolution Of Love is a track off her album Rebel Hearts , both of which she used as hashtags at the end of her post . Fans branded her insensitive for likening the leak of her upcoming album to a ` form of terrorism ' and using the tragedies to promote her work . Her son 14-year-old Rocco , from her second marriage to British film director Guy Ritchie , is also no stranger to controversy himself , having caused a storm in October last year when he posted a video purporting to show ISIS terrorists executing children on his Instagram page . His mother , in typically bombastic fashion , hit back at critics , telling the world that she was ` proud ' of the teenager who was , she added , ` fighting for freedom ' .