Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade Tim Sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role , the Aston Villa manager has revealed . Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday and said he would ` absolutely ' shake Levy 's hand . The pair still keep in touch , according to Sherwood , who joked : ` Just to see who he 's going to sell me ! ' Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood watches his players in training at Bodymoor Heath on Thursday . Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club . Midfielder Tom Cleverley and his team-mates warm up as they prepare to face Tottenham on Saturday . Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino , ending the 46-year-old 's five-month stay in charge , and six-year relationship with the club at development level . ` Daniel Levy has known me for a lot of years , ' said Sherwood . ` It was n't as if I fell off my chair and said , `` You 're joking '' . I knew it was coming . ` I was disappointed I was leaving , but Daniel wanted me to stay in some kind of capacity . But I 'm a manager now . ` He did n't say what job . I was looking around eyeing up the broom cupboards and all that ! Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino , ending the 46-year-old 's five-month stay . Striker Christian Benteke was back in training after scoring a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday night . ` I respect the decision made by the board . I thank them because not being there now is the reason I am at this fantastic football club . ` I 've been in communication with Daniel since I 've left , I have n't got a problem . He 's the chairman and he makes those decisions based on what he thinks is in their best interest . ' Sherwood added : ` I was there the day he walked into the club -LRB- in 2001 -RRB- . He got rid of George Graham and brought in Glenn Hoddle in the week building up to the FA Cup semi final . Fabian Delph takes a touch as Villa 's players get put through their paces at Villa 's training ground . Defender Ciaran Clark -LRB- centre -RRB- stretches as Sherwood prepares his side to visit White Hart Lane on Saturday . ` He is not frightened of making decisions at crucial times . You have to say Tottenham is a far better club now than when he found it . I have a lot of good friends at the club , I will shake their hands . Once I get in that dressing room I 'll be telling our boys to do whatever they can to win . ' Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris is set to miss the clash against Villa after failing to recover from a gashed knee sustained against Leicester on March 21 . Kyle Walker is also a major doubt with a bruised foot sustained in the 0-0 draw at Burnley last Sunday . Hugo Lloris is set to miss the clash after failing to recover from a gashed knee sustained against Leicester .