A woman who lost more than three stone in six months by using gastric band hypnosis was mistaken for her husband 's new lover by his amazed colleagues . Andrea Lindsay , 43 , from Prescot , Merseyside , transformed her appearance leaving her almost unrecognisable to friends and family . The mother-of-one shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app and dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year . Andrea Lindsay , 43 , from Prescot , Merseyside , shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app . Andrea hit her target weight in December 2014 , shrinking from 14st to around 10st 5 lb , before dying her bright blonde locks dark brown . And the bank worker received a curious compliment when her husband 's colleagues thought Robbie had traded his wife in for a younger , slimmer model at a Christmas party when they failed to recognise her . Andrea said : ` I hit my target weight in December and we went to my husband 's work party . A couple we knew walked in so I waved and said hello to them but they seemed really off with me . ` I thought they must have had an argument or something but we found out later that they did n't recognise me - they thought Rob had traded me in for a newer model . ` After losing the weight and dying my hair , they just did n't recognise me and thought that Rob had brought another woman with him ! ` They had no idea who I was and had asked their friends where Andrea from last year was and why I was n't with Rob . ' Andrea , pictured here with her husband Robbie , says she 'd tried every fad diet . After her transformation her husband 's colleagues thought Robbie had traded his wife in for a younger , slimmer model at a Christmas party . ` Andrea says : ` People I have known for years have walked past me in the street as well and just ignored me . I did n't even think I looked that different . ' The brunette says she has struggled with her weight all her life and says she 'd tried every fad diet with little success ever since she reached a size 16/18 in her early teens . Andrea 's new diet plan . Breakfast : Porridge . Lunch : Soup and a sandwich . Tea : Chilli with rice , cheese , and bread . Mid-morning : -LRB- as soon as I feel hungry -RRB- bowl of soup or a salad . Evening -LRB- as soon as I feel hungry -RRB- - a small bowl of chilli with cheese , bread or salad . But after she discovered Easy Loss ' Virtual Gastric Band - Lose Weight Fast app , she has never looked back and said she still listens to the hypnosis sessions twice a day . The £ 4.99 app is designed to teach people to use their common sense when it comes to eating , rather than sticking to rules and restrictions , and just eating when they are hungry . Andrea said : ` As far back as I can remember , I have been overweight . Andrea says she 'd had little success with weight loss ever since she reached a size 16/18 in her teens . But seeing as she never had any health issues she did n't really do anything about her weight . She says she always said she never wanted to be fat and 40 , but got to 43 and was ` still fat ' ` I tried absolutely everything - fad diets , cutting out food - but nothing ever worked . I would stick at it for a few weeks then just lose interest . There were too many rules and restrictions . ` I think because I never had any health issues I did n't really do anything about it . I always said I never wanted to be fat and 40 , but I got to 43 and was still fat . ` It was n't until I started doing hot yoga that I realised I was dissatisfied with myself , so I started looking for something to help me relax and that is when I found Easy Loss - it was just a complete fluke . ' Andrea says : ` The ethos of my new lifestyle is that I do n't stick to traditional meal times ! I eat whenever I 'm hungry , as soon as I 'm hungry and stop eating as soon as I 'm no longer hungry . ` If we went out for breakfast before I would have a fry up , now I have something lighter like Eggs Benedict . ' Andrea is now preparing for a luxury two week getaway with husband Robbie , 45 , to Mexico , and ca n't wait to show off her new bikini body on the beach . She said : ` I go away on Saturday and this is the first time I have actually felt body confident . I 've spent £ 700 on a new holiday wardrobe , and I ca n't wait to wear everything . ` I got my old holiday clothes out and everything was just falling off me - I just ca n't believe now that I was ever that big . The difference is massive . After she started doing hot yoga she realised she was dissatisfied and that is when she found Easy Loss . ` I have three younger sisters and I have always been the fat one . They always shared each other 's clothes and I could never do that , until now . They are amazed at the difference too . ` Since Easy Loss I eat a better balance and variety of food , a lot healthier . But we still have takeaways on a Friday , I do n't feel deprived at all . ` It has changed my mind-set completely , it is n't a weight loss programme more a common sense set of guidelines to follow . My husband has started listening to it now as well . ' Sue Peckham , co-creator of Virtual Gastric Band - Lose Weight Fast app said : ` Andrea has done so well with our app and we 're all thrilled for her . She is a real inspiration and a Gold Member of our Easyloss Facebook Group . ` Her support and advice is a great help and really appreciated by other group members . We 're really grateful for all she does to help other app users to achieve their weight loss goals . ' The £ 4.99 app is designed to teach people to use their common sense when it comes to eating . Rather than restriction herself , Andrea - pictured with new clothes - has just been eating when she 's hungry .