Sir James Munby says parents should use the ` carrot and the stick ' approach to getting their children to do things they do n't want to do . The job of parents is to make their children do the things they do not want to do , the country 's most senior family law judge said yesterday . Mothers and fathers should use the ` carrot and the stick ' approach to make children do the things they find boring or difficult -- from going to the dentist to doing their homework , Sir James Munby said . He suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets , grounding teenagers , and ` threats falling short of brute force ' as suitable methods for parents to get their way . The price of failure , the judge suggested , could be lifelong pain for the parents or even , if the children 's education or health was at stake , their removal by social workers to grow up in state care . Sir James , who is President of the Family Division , gave his advice in a case in which two teenage girls have refused to see their father for more than six years . Sir James , sitting in the Appeal Court with Lady Justice Black and Lord Justice Vos , said there would be no winners if the girls , aged 14 and 16 , were not persuaded to restore their relationship with their father . Sir James said being a parent was tough . But he added : ` That is what parenting is all about . ` There are many things which they ought to do that children may not want to do or even refuse to do : going to the dentist , going to visit some `` boring '' elderly relative , going to school , doing homework or sitting an examination , the list is endless . ` The parents ' job , exercising all their parental skills , techniques and stratagems -- which may include use of both the carrot and the stick and , in the case of the older child , reason and argument , is to get the child to do what it does not want to do . ' Sir James said dealing with strong-willed teenagers could be taxing and demanding . Being a parent is tough , Sir James said - but he added : ` That is what parenting is all about ' . -LRB- Stock image -RRB- . ` But parental responsibility does not shrivel away , merely because the child is 14 or even 16 , ' he said , ` nor does the parental obligation to take all reasonable steps to ensure that a child of that age does what it ought to be doing , and does not do what it ought not to be doing . ` What one can reasonably demand , not merely as a matter of law but also and much more fundamentally as a matter of natural parental obligation , is that the parent , by argument , persuasion , cajolement , blandishments , inducements , sanctions -- for example , `` grounding '' or the confiscation of mobile phones , computers or other electronic equipment -- or threats falling short of brute force , or by a combination of them , does their level best to ensure compliance . ' He added : ` That is what one would expect of a parent whose rebellious teenage child is foolishly refusing to do GCSEs or A-levels or `` dropping out '' into a life of drug-fuelled crime . ` Why should we expect any less of a parent whose rebellious teenage child is refusing to see her father ? ' Confiscating mobile phones or gadgets from teenagers is a suitable way for parents to get their way , said judge Sir James Munby . The estrangement of the girls from their father began in 2008 when on a weekend visit the father 's new wife grabbed and pushed one of them during a row . The mother asked for contact with the father to be stopped . Sir James said of the parents : ` Unless they can , as they must , even at this late stage , sort things out , the future for all of them is bleak . There will be no winners here ; all will be losers . ' The girls had a distorted and damaging opinion of their father , he added . However , he said , sooner or later the teenagers would discover the truth . ` What will the children think , how will they react , when they discover , as one day they will , that their father is not the man they currently believe him to be ? ' he asked . ` Will they then turn against their mother ? Will they reject both parents ? The mother needs to ponder these questions and think hard about what the answers might be . ' Nevertheless , the judges rejected the father 's appeal against an earlier court ruling which said he had no right to contact with the girls . But despite what the ruling says , the court called on the mother to take it upon herself to rebuild family ties .