A Washington Post reporter detained in Iran has been charged with espionage and collaborating with ` hostile governments ' , nine months after his arrest . The charges against Jason Rezaian had been shrouded in secrecy until now in what has become a politically sensitive case that has parallelled with high-level nuclear talks between Iran and global powers , including the United States . Monday , Rezaian 's lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces , in a decision branded absurd Monday by the White House and the newspaper . As well as allegedly spying under the first two charges , the 39-year-old journalist , the Post 's Tehran correspondent , stands accused of gathering classified information and of disseminating propaganda against the Islamic republic . Scroll down for video . Detained : Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian , seen here in 2013 , was jailed in Tehran on July 22 last year . Rezaian , who was detained in July 2014 , was officially charged in December , but details of the charges had never been released . Ahsan , who said she had access to the complete criminal file , said it contained ` no justifiable proof ' against Rezaian , and that she had seen no legal reason to continue his detention after the case 's preliminary investigation . But she said requests for bail had been turned down and criticised Iranian media for publishing allegations about Rezaian that are ` wrong and contrary to reality ' . No date has yet been set for trial , Ahsan said , shortly after a senior judicial official described the dossier against the journalist , who holds both American and Iranian nationality , as ` thick ' . Rezaian will face the allegations in one of the Islamic republic 's revolutionary courts , whose jurisdiction includes handling crimes against national security . Its cases are heard behind closed doors . However Ahsan said : ` Jason is a journalist and the nature of his work is to have access to information and to publish it . He had no access to confidential information , either directly or indirectly . ' Rezaian was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year , along with his Iranian wife Yeganeh Salehi , also a journalist , who was released on bail after spending two-and-a-half months in custody . Rezaian is being held in the capital 's notorious Evin Prison and his family have frequently spoken of their fears for his health , citing his need for medication to combat high blood pressure . But Ahsan said he was ` in good spirits ' despite being held in cramped conditions . He has also had no access to newspapers or media . His mother Mary said she had discussed the charges with the journalist 's wife , who remains in Tehran , but had no further comment . The reporter 's detention has political resonance both because of his dual nationality and the long-running nuclear talks regarding Tehran 's disputed nuclear programme . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said it had no official confirmation of the allegations , but if reports of Rezaian being accused of spying were true it would be ` absurd ' and that the charges should be ` immediately dropped ' . But the journalist 's predicament would have no bearing on a nuclear deal either way , he added . Iran 's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif last week said the reporter faced ` very serious ' allegations but it was a matter for Iran 's judiciary , insisting the case was free of political interference . Ahsan also said the allegations against her client ` had no link ' with the nuclear talks , but in a nod to the diplomacy she added : ` I hope this matter will accelerate the liberation of my client . ' Iran 's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif -LRB- pictured -RRB- last week said the reporter faced ` very serious ' allegations but it was a matter for Iran 's judiciary . In a rare official comment regarding Rezaian , Gholamhossein Esmaili , Tehran 's judiciary chief , said Monday : ` The file is thick and contains different aspects . ' Quoted by the official IRNA news agency , he added : ` In due course the judgment will be pronounced . ' In a statement , the Post 's executive editor Martin Baron said : ` The grave charges against Jason that Iran has now disclosed could not be more ludicrous . ` It is absurd and despicable to assert , as Iran 's judiciary is now claiming , that Jason 's work first as a freelance reporter and then as The Post 's Tehran correspondent amounted to espionage . ' Rezaian was among four US citizens that President Barack Obama last month urged Iran to return home . On April 2 , Iran and world powers agreed the key parameters for a deal that would end a 12-year standoff about concerns that Iran is seeking a nuclear bomb , an allegation it denies . A final agreement is due by the end of June .