The family of a teenage burglar left seriously injured when he fell through a roof during a school break-in have been left with a £ 150,000 legal bill after trying to sue the council for not doing more to secure the premises . Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight , and sustained life-changing head injuries as a result . A court heard the group of teenagers had broken into the school 's tuck shop before scaling the roof on a Sunday in May 2010 . Defeat : Thomas Buckett , 21 , faces a huge legal bill after unsuccessfully suing Staffordshire County Council . Injuries : Mr Buckett had to undergo invasive surgery when he fell through the roof of a school after breaking in to the tuck shop and stealing food and drink . It was originally claimed that Thomas climbed on the roof of Clayton Hall Business and Language College in Newcastle-under-Lyme to fetch a football . But the court heard that a police officer who investigated the break-in wrote an email of support to the council , stating that he had made the family aware ` this incident was the fault of Thomas and his friends messing around ' . PC David Stubbs added : ` I have made the family aware that if any claims are made against the school my report will show the school is not at fault . ' Judge Peter Main told Telford County Court : ` There were few measures , reasonably achievable within the likely school budget , -LSB- which -RSB- it could have taken to prevent all acts of trespass outside school hours . ' He acknowledged that the school should have risk-assessed the likelihood of youths gaining access to the flat roof . However , he ordered the Buckett family to pay the council an interim payment of £ 150,000 in costs by May 4 , a figure which could climb as high as £ 260,000 after further assessment . School : The bungled break-in took place at Clayton Hall Business and Language College in Stoke-on-Trent . Happier times : Thomas Buckett with mum Mandy . The family faces financial ruin after they were left with a £ 150,00 legal bill after failing to sue the council . Teenager : Mr Buckett , who was 16 at the time , is pictured left in his school uniform and right while he was recovering in hospital . TaxPayers ' Alliance spokesman Jonathan Isaby welcomed the court 's ruling , saying : ` It 's good to know that despite our ever-creeping compensation culture it is still possible for vexatious cases like these to be thrown out . ' Thomas spent two weeks in a coma following the fall and suffered ten skull fractures . Doctors removed half his skull and repaired it ` like a jigsaw ' in a revolutionary procedure involving specialists from Italy . He lives with his mother , 48 , who is now his full-time carer , father Andrew , 50 , a supervisor for a maintenance firm , and older brother in Newcastle-under-Lyme . Mrs Buckett said her son had suffered life-changing brain injuries , although she declined to elaborate on the extent of his recovery yesterday . However , Thomas , who is now 21 , was listed as a ` protected person ' on court paperwork , a term used to describe somebody who lacks capacity to conduct proceedings for themselves . His mother was listed as his ` litigation friend ' , somebody with the power to make decisions about the case on behalf of the protected person . Mrs Buckett said the family had funded both the legal action and her son 's care . Asked if she may have to sell the family 's bungalow to pay the council 's costs , she said : ` I do n't know what 's going to happen yet . I need to speak to my solicitor . ' She declined to comment further . Recovery : Mr Buckett had to undergo a pioneering procedure which allowed him to walk and talk again . Fan : Mr Buckett as a teenager posing with former Stoke City manager Tony Pulis . The family sued the council under the Occupiers Liability Act 1984 , which covers the duty of care owed by a landowner or occupier of premises to persons on site ` other than their visitors ' , who suffered injury as a result of the ` state of the premises ' . Lawyers argued the council had ignored a long-term problem of trespassing at the site during weekends and holidays . Judge Mann acknowledged that Thomas had been ` very seriously injured as a consequence ' of his actions , but said he had to be guided by evidence , not sentiment . Staffordshire Police said two other teenagers were cautioned for burglary and criminal damage in connection with the college break-in , but no other charges were brought . The county council defended its decision to pursue the legal challenge to court . Chief executive John Tradewell said that defending the case was ` about fairness to the taxpayer ' . He added : ` The county council will continue to help Thomas access the care and support he needs to live as fulfilling a life as possible . ' The Bucketts ' lawyers did not return calls for a comment .