A professional Kate Middleton lookalike has said the royal mother dresses ` too boring ' for her age - and admits that she fancies Prince Harry more than William . Jodie Bredo , 26 , from Essex , has been a Kate lookalike for six years and wishes the Duchess of Cambridge would ` change her hair for once ' - suggesting she opt for a bob style . Jodie , who is now single after splitting from her boyfriend , said of the Duchess , who is expecting her second child : ` Kate 's just too frumpy for her age . Scroll down for video . She often does jobs with a Prince William lookalike -LRB- left -RRB- but says she fancies the younger Prince Harry more . Jodie Bredo , 26 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been a professional Kate Middleton lookalike for the past six years . ` I know I 'm seven years younger than her but she should dress more fun . I like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off . I 'd love her to get something more fashionable like a bob . ' Miss Bredo admits she does not fancy Prince William and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple . She said : ` I do lots of jobs with a William lookalike , but I do n't see him like that . Prince Harry 's the better one . His bad boy image is more for me . ' Although her counterpart is in the Lindo Wing at St Mary 's Hospital in London currently awaiting her second child , Miss Bredo is not keen to start a family herself . The glamorous Essex resident said : ` I 've recently broken up with a long-term boyfriend so I 'm not thinking about babies . ` Kate 's new baby is n't making me broody , ' said the lookalike -LRB- with her nephew Louis -RRB- . ` I 've got two nephews and one 's the same age as Prince George - but it 's nice to hand them back to their mum at the end ' ` I know I 'm seven years younger than her but she should dress more fun , ' said Miss Bredo -LRB- left -RRB- . ` I like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off ' ` Kate 's new baby is n't making me broody . I 've got two nephews and one 's the same age as Prince George - but it 's nice to hand them back to their mum at the end . ' Miss Bredo started her career after noticing her resemblance to the Duchess of Cambridge . She was routinely stopped in the street when Kate first came into the public eye while dating Prince William . She said : ` I was shopping in Debenhams with my mum when this woman came running after us . ` I thought I 'd left something , but she just said , `` I have to tell you , you look so much after Kate Middleton . '' ` Even at the opticians having my eyes tested , the optometrist told me I looked like her . Miss Bredo -LRB- left , with her mum and sister -RRB- began her career after people kept commenting on her likeness to Kate Middleton . She sent an email to a lookalike agency with her photographs in 2009 and was hired for a shoot in Tatler . ` My family were on holiday in Cyprus and Kate was in the newspaper . My mum told me I looked like her and needed to do something with it . ' Miss Bredo sent an email to a lookalike agency with her photographs in 2009 . She said : ` I was accepted but did n't hear from them about any jobs . I was n't too bothered . I was working as a personal assistant at the time and did n't think about it . ` In March 2009 , I had a call from them saying I had my first job . When they said it was for Tatler magazine , I could n't believe it . ` I took the day off and had to go to Aintree races , the shoot was based around what they thought Kate should be wearing . I was in these mad outfits . ` This one dress had plastic panelling all down the arms so I could n't even move my arm to have a drink . ' After the royal couple 's engagement in October 2010 , Miss Bredo -LRB- third from left -RRB- began working as a lookalike full-time . After the royal couple 's engagement in October 2010 , Miss Bredo began working as a lookalike full-time . She said : ` I had so many calls I was doing four to five days a week , appearing at corporate events and doing shoots . ` It was really strange , people wanting a picture with me , but I got into it and really had fun . ' Miss Bredo studies Kate 's mannerisms as well as following her beauty regime . She said : ` I have regular trims to keep my hair looking good , every two months and curl the ends the same as Kate . ` Her signature look is a lot of black eyeliner so I get through that really quickly . ` I spend £ 30 a month buying black eyeliner . My favourite brand is Bare Minerals . She has regular trims to keep her hair in good shape , spends £ 30 a month on black eyeliner , has regular manicures and buys clothes that are distinctly ` Kate ' Since the duchess gave birth to Prince George last year , Miss Bredo -LRB- middle -RRB- has had plenty of shoots with tots and has even has to wear a baby bump . ` She also wears very harsh blusher and has natural nails so I give myself regular manicures . ' Miss Bredo spends hours searching for the Duchess on the internet so she can keep up-to-date with her wardrobe . She said : ` If she 's wearing something new , I 'll try and find it but it 's usually sold out instantly . ` I know what kind of clothes she 'll wear now . ` When I 'm going clothes shopping I 'll choose some things that I think are `` Kate . '' ` I picked up this black and white spotted dress and my mum did n't think it was something the Duchess of Cambridge would wear . ` Then I saw a picture of her when she was pregnant with George -- it was the same one I 'd bought . ` I think she 's copying me now . ' Kate Middleton -LRB- pictured in London on 12 March -RRB- is due to give birth to her second child with Prince William any day now . Miss Bredo usually appears with a William lookalike and their after-work drinks get plenty of attention . She said : ` You can tell people are staring and some people take sneaky pictures of us . ` But a lot of people come up and ask to take a picture , it 's funny we 're just two friends having a drink . ` Even on my own I get lots of double takes -- especially if I 'm in London . ' Since the duchess gave birth to Prince George , aged one , Miss Bredo has had plenty of shoots with tots . She said : ` I 've got used to holding babies now and when I do events they provide me with a bump . ` I 'm looking to forward to losing that now she 's having the baby . '