A debate between two Oklahoma roommates about whether an iPhone is better than an Android ended in a violent brawl with a stabbing and assault using beer bottles . Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be ` highly intoxicated ' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14 around 1 am . The men were arguing over which phone was better , police said . The pair , covered in blood , were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body , and Acevedo , 21 , has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon , according to the police report . Scroll down for video . Oklahoma roommates Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be ` highly intoxicated ' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment -LRB- in both frames Acevedo pictured -RRB- . Acevedo -LRB- above -RRB- , 21 , has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon following the incident . It was not revealed in the report which of the men was a fan of the iPhone or the Android . ` It was a petty argument over their cell phones which one was better than the other . There was alcohol involved and it turned violent and there were some assaults that occurred , ' Tulsa Police Cpl. Dave Young told Newson6 . Police said they responded to a report of a stabbing and found the men covered in blood who were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body -LRB- above scenes following the fight -RRB- . When officers arrived at the scene , they said they found a couple of beer bottles on the ground -LRB- above scenes from the incident as police arrest Acevedo -RRB- . Mendez told police that Acevedo hit him in back of the head with a beer bottle -LRB- above scenes following the incident outside of Evergreen Apartments -RRB- . Mendez told police , who responded to a report of a stabbing , that Acevedo had allegedly hit him in the back of the head with a beer bottle following the debate and then stole his car . When officers arrived at Evergreen Apartments , there were a couple of broken beer bottles on the ground as Mendez was found covered in blood and had lacerations to his head and body . He was then taken to hospital as officers then went to the apartment where they found Acevedo , also covered in blood with lacerations on his body following the brawl . While investigators did not reveal which man was a fan of which smartphone , it would appear Acevedo was the iPhone user -LRB- above a picture of a new iPhone purchase he posted onto Facebook -RRB- . Both men were treated for non-life threatening injuries . The car was found a short distance from the scene parked at the apartments with a significant amount of blood spatter on the rear of it , according to authorities . Police said a third man was reportedly drinking with the men but he had left the scene before they arrived . Jail records showed that Acevedo is being held without bond and an Immigration and Customs Enforcement hold has been placed on him , according to the Smoking Gun . Tulsa Police Cpl. Dave Young said : ` It was a petty argument over their cell phones , which one was better than the other ' -LRB- above an Android phone left and Apple iPhones right -RRB- .