An apprentice electrician fell off a ladder and died in front of his father after he was electrocuted while testing lights in a factory , an inquest has heard . Nathan Brown , 19 , was working with his father David , an experienced electrician , when he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane . The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane . He was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries . Tragic : Apprentice electrician Nathan Brown died after being electrocuted while testing lights . Accident : Nathan fell 12ft from a ladder after being electrocuted , and later died of his injuries . The inquest in Oldham heard that Nathan - described by his family as a ` cheeky , happy boy ' - trained to become an electrician so he could follow in his father 's footsteps . The pair were both working at Eurofabs UK Ltd , a sheet metal manufacturer in Rochdale , Greater Manchester , when tragedy struck in September 2013 . Nathan was told to climb up a ladder onto the walkway of a crane and test the lights in the building 's roof , taking readings and shouting them down to his father - a task as easy as plugging in a television . But he accidentally touched a 400-volt busbar , a metal strip which conducts electricity within a switchboard , while he was trying to climb high enough to carry out the tests . Forensic pathologist Philip Lumb told the inquest he found burn marks consistent with electrocution on Nathan 's arm . Family : The 19-year-old was working with his father David , an experienced electrician , at the time of his death . He said : ` I gather Nathan was an apprentice electrician who was working for his father and contracted by a company called Eurofabs to conduct a complete electrical inspection . ` One of his duties was to inspect one part of the roof . In order to gain access , Nathan had to get on top of a toilet block and place a ladder against an electrical crane to access the platform where the lights were located . ` His father was working in the premises at the time . A short time late his father saw Nathan fall head first into the roof of the toilet block , about 12ft . He did not note any sounds of attempts to break his fall . ` He went to attend to him but found him in a collapsed condition , although his father said he may be able to feel a pulse . ' Dr Lumb told the inquest the cause of Nathan 's death was electrocution and that he probably suffered cardiac arrest before falling to the ground . His mother Nicole , 47 , said she learnt of the accident when she was called by her other son Gary , who worked at Eurofabs . She told the inquest : ` He said , `` Do n't panic mum but Nathan has had a fall . '' I remember saying , `` Why , what happened ? '' He said , `` He has fallen from a ladder . '' ` I asked if he was OK and he said he did n't know as he was n't conscious . He said , `` You need to get here as soon as you can mum . '' I just rushed out the house and got on the car and drove straight over . ` I remember running up the stairs to get to him . I just got more or less up the stairs and I saw the paramedics trying to save him . ' Workplace : Nathan and his father were carrying out electrical tests at Eurofabs UK in Rochdale . In a statement Mr Brown , 50 , who has been an electrician for 32 years , said that his son had joined him as an apprentice in September 2012 after embarking on a three-year training course , and had completed health and safety training a month before the fatal accident . He said : ` As an apprentice he was learning on the job and only ever allowed to complete basic tasks such as basic electrics , switches , sockets and lights . ` You would only ever allow Nathan to carry out work when safe for him to do so and work within capability , knowledge and competence . ' Mr Brown said he had carried out work at the Eurofabs premises twice before , and on this occasion was carrying out a general electrical survey which he likened to an ` MOT . ' He said he decided to put a ladder over the toilet block beneath a 10-tonne travelling crane and had not seen the busbar overhead . He told the inquest : ` As far as I am aware the busbar should have been marked up in a sleeve with the marking `` danger high voltage '' . I have never come across a busbar not sleeved and marked with an appropriate sign . ` Had I been aware of the presence of the busbars in such unprotected conditions then I would not have continued to take this work . In all 32 years ' experience with busbars I have seen them properly protected and never come across exposed busbars as present on the day of the accident . ` That was the worst and fastest day of my life . It 's a blur but I ca n't get rid of some of those thoughts . The test he was doing would be as simple as plugging a TV into a wall . ` I 'm completely devastated by the accident and life will never be the same again . He was the light of my life and my family and I will miss him so much . Time is a great healer and I hope that will be the case . ' The inquest continues .