Facebook has come under fire after removing a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless . The social media site deemed the clip , which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio , as containing ` potentially offensive nudity ' . The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday . When the makers of the Alice Springs-based six part comedy TV series for ABC1 posted that Facebook had taken the clip off their page , fans commented that it was ` outrageous ' and ` ridiculous ' . Scroll down for video . The trailer for ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio , which includes two aboriginal women painted in ochre , was deemed offensive by Facebook . Miranda Skerman wrote : ` There 's not enough room in the entirety of Facebook for me to adequately explain how I feel about this . So I 'm just going to think about all the ridiculous half naked , tacky lingerie-clad girls posting selfies that Facebook is apparently okay with and laugh . ' Mary-Ann Marshall called it a : ` Typical misapplication of standards . ' The show 's co-creator Rachel Clements told the Sydney Morning Herald : ` I 've moved from anger to disappointment to just bewilderment , really , ' Clements said . ` I just think it 's silly and disrespectful to the women who were dancing for us . ` Out of all the reasons we could have been pulled , nudity is not high on the list . It 's ridiculous . ' On 12 April , Clements reposted the video on the 8MMM Aboriginal Radio Facebook page . On 12 April , the show 's creators reposted the video on the 8MMM Aboriginal Radio Facebook page and encouraged people to share it . The show 's co-creator Rachel Clements called Facebook 's decision to remove the trailer ` silly and disrespectful to the women who were dancing for us ' ` The 8MMM trailer 's back up ! Check it out and share if you can , while you still can ! , ' she wrote . Aboriginal actress Patricia Morton-Thomas , who co-created the comedy show about a radio station in constant plight ` where black and white mingle ' , told 105.7 ABC Darwin : ` I just do n't understand how mothers breastfeeding or dancing ceremonially -LSB- can be -RSB- offensive . ' The 2.36 minute long clip also shows a white man accidentally shooting an aboriginal man with a dart while hunting and the white Australians who have come to work at the radio station in Alice Springs are labelled ` Missionaries , Mercenaries and Misfits ' . ` Alice Springs-based Aboriginal radio station 8MMM has been infiltrated by ... Well-meaning whitefellas who will save your soul , steal your assets and usurp your culture , all in the name of helping you out , ' the blurb for the comedy show reads . Aboriginal actress Patricia Morton-Thomas , who co-created the comedy show about a radio station in constant plight , was also confused about how women ` dancing ceremonially can be offensive ' Characters in the ABC TV show Jetro -LRB- Tommy -RRB- and Gideon -LRB- Hamilton -RRB- are seen during filming . ` Saving Aboriginal people from themselves is hard work , but ` Closing the Gap ' has never been funnier , ' it adds . The show will first air on 9:30 pm on April 29 , 2015 . In March , Facebook posted a blog explaining their community standards . Monika Bickert , the company 's Head of Global Policy Management , said : ` It 's a challenge to maintain one set of standards that meets the needs of a diverse global community . ' ` For one thing , people from different backgrounds may have different ideas about what 's appropriate to share -- a video posted as a joke by one person might be upsetting to someone else , but it may not violate our standards , ' she added . The nudity section of Facebook 's community standards says : ` We restrict the display of nudity because some audiences within our global community may be sensitive to this type of content -- particularly because of their cultural background or age . The comedy is about an Alice Springs-based Aboriginal radio station 8MMM where black and ` whitefella ' work . The 2.36 minute long clip also shows a white man accidentally shooting an aboriginal man with a dart while hunting . ` Saving Aboriginal people from themselves is hard work , but ` Closing the Gap ' has never been funnier , ' the comedy show 's blurb reads . ` In order to treat people fairly and respond to reports quickly , it is essential that we have policies in place that our global teams can apply uniformly and easily when reviewing content . As a result , our policies can sometimes be more blunt than we would like and restrict content shared for legitimate purposes . We are always working to get better at evaluating this content and enforcing our standards . ' Facebook explains : ` We remove photographs of people displaying genitals or focusing in on fully exposed buttocks . We also restrict some images of female breasts if they include the nipple , but we always allow photos of women actively engaged in breastfeeding or showing breasts with post-mastectomy scarring . ` We also allow photographs of paintings , sculptures and other art that depicts nude figures . Restrictions on the display of both nudity and sexual activity also apply to digitally created content unless the content is posted for educational , humorous or satirical purposes . Explicit images of sexual intercourse are prohibited . Descriptions of sexual acts that go into vivid detail may also be removed . '