Tommy Connolly had n't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on Facebook out of the blue in December . The 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of one day representing Australia as a champion sprinter . He messaged his 17-year-old cousin Angela * -LRB- name has been changed for legal reasons -RRB- to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless , illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant . Mr Connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the Gold Coast , let her move into his flat , took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy and is now helping to raise her four-week-old baby boy . Tommy Connolly , a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student , took in his homeless , pregnant 17-year-old cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy . The 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student says he did n't think twice about helping her . ` I went and picked her up and she basically started telling me about her situation , which was hard for me to hear because she was my favourite little cousin when I was growing up , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` To my knowledge she was OK ... but in reality she was n't at all . ` Basically she was living on the streets , she became addicted to ice and was doing terrible things to get by . She did n't have anything . ' Mr Connolly said Angela -- whose last year of schooling was Year Six -- had stopped taking hard drugs by the time she was 15 but at 16 she fell pregnant , and her baby 's father was sent to prison soon afterward . By the time Mr Connolly met up with her she was 32 weeks pregnant , and he said he did n't think twice about taking her in . ` It 's not her fault she 's just a little girl who needed help , ' he said . Angela -LRB- not her real name -RRB- added Mr Connolly on Facebook after they had n't seen each other in 10 years . ` Obviously I 'm not going to let her stay on the streets . ` Everyone likes to tell me this is such a big responsibility , but I was n't thinking about uni or work or anything , all I was doing was thinking that she needed me . ' Because Mr Connolly was on university holidays at the time he had been working full time in his job at a fruit and vegetable wholesaler and he had saved $ 2800 , just enough to cover the cost of moving into a new house and buying items for the baby . He put his athletics training on hold so he could work enough hours to save money , but he returned to university as normal at the beginning of March because he did n't want to delay his studies . Mr Connolly -LRB- pictured in the U.S. while studying there in 2013 -RRB- still studies and works three days per week to support the three of them . When Angela gave birth to her baby Joshua * -LRB- name has been changed -RRB- on March 17 , he was finishing off university assignments due the next day in the hospital waiting room . ` I went into uni the day after , I had n't slept but I needed to do a presentation , ' he said . Now that Joshua is four weeks old , Mr Connolly continues to go to class and is working three days per week to support the three of them . And while many other 23-year-olds would rather be spending their spare time partying with friends or travelling , he says he does n't mind the impact that looking after Angela and Joshua is having on his social life . ` My closest mates are from training , so they 're athletes , and they do n't go out all the time , ' he said . ` Most of the time they work , train and study , so I 'm around a good crew of people . ' His brother Liam has started a GoFundMe fundraising page in an effort to make Mr Connolly , Angela and Joshua 's financial situation more stable . Mr Connolly said that , since sharing his story online , he has been getting messages from people all over Australia congratulating him for what he is doing . The champion sprinter says he does n't mind the impact of his social life , as most of his friends are athletes and do n't spend their spare time partying . ` I know what I 've done is a really good thing but I feel guilty I 'm getting all this attention , ' he said . ` We 've had all these messages which has made us realise there are so many other people in this situation , I do n't want people to think it 's a unique thing . ` I ca n't believe how many people have been in these shoes before , and have had no help or support when they were pregnant . ' Mr Connolly added that he was n't worried about how his situation would affect his plans to start his own family one day . ` Growing up everyone thinks about that stuff but you ca n't control that sort of stuff , it 's not something that came into my head , ' he said . ` At first when Joshua came into the world I did n't have an emotional attachment , all I was doing was looking after Angela . ` But I really do care for him and in a way he is my kid , I 've taken on the father role as you 'd imagine . ` Angela does 90 per cent of the work -- and if it 's one or two years of my life I have to put on hold to make sure two lives are going to be saved it 's nothing at all . ' ` If it 's one or two years of my life I have to put on hold to make sure two lives are going to be saved it 's nothing at all , ' said Mr Connolly , pictured with his friend and fellow athlete Olivia Tauro .