Jose Mourinho has declared that he does n't care where Chelsea win the Premier League , so long as they end up claiming the title . The Blues lead the table by six points , with a game in hand , and face Stoke City at home on Saturday in the first of their final nine games of the season . ` I dont care if it is in the hotel or away or at home , I just want to win it , ' said Mourinho , as Chelsea trained at Cobham on Friday . Jose Mourinho was speaking at Chelsea 's press conference ahead of their Premier League clash . Eden Hazard will start for Chelsea against Stoke City on Saturday following a tiring international break . Mourinho -LRB- right -RRB- watches as his players Filipe Luis -LRB- left -RRB- and Nemanja Matic train . ` In any occasion I think the club who wins it gets the trophy in our last match at home , and our last game of the season is at home -LRB- to Sunderland -RRB- . ` So if we win the title we get the trophy at our house . But I do n't care , even if somebody loses the trophy and we do n't get it I am happy with that . I just want to win it . ' Mourinho will start Eden Hazard against Stoke on Saturday despite the player suggesting he is tired . The Belgian said earlier this week he is feeling weary as the season reaches its climax . But the Chelsea manager , who also confirmed Diego Costa has recovered from a hamstring injury , will not take his wing wizard out of the firing line against the Potters . Hazard started both of Belgium 's Euro 2016 qualifiers during the international break . Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois gets down to his left to make a save in training . Juan Cuadrado -LRB- left -RRB- battles team-mate Cesar Azpilicueta -LRB- centre -RRB- for the ball . Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas attempts a pass under pressure from team-mate Ramires . ` Hazard is tired because he played two matches in three days , ' said Mourinho . ` He travelled and did n't sleep because he arrived in Belgium at 5 or 6 in the morning after playing in Israel . We think he can recover in these couple of days , but he plays tomorrow -LRB- Saturday -RRB- . ` That 's football . That 's what a season is like for a player who is important for both his club and national team . I want to play him every time and the coach of his country wants to play him every time . ` He is a team player that plays with the ball , creates , dribbles and players with lots of intensity so it is not a surprise that he can be a bit tired . But I believe in him , the team and his ambition to play . ` And I believe in his desire to help the team reach their season objective , so I will start with him . ' Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- in action for Belgium against Israel during their Euro 2016 qualifying win on Tuesday . Hazard started both games for Belgium during the international break , but was subbed off in both . Spain striker Costa missed the international break with injury , but could yet feature against Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Saturday evening after training for the last couple of days . However Mourinho refused to confirm whether his top scorer would start the game . ` Diego trained on Thursday and Friday with the group , ' continued Mourinho . ` He is not injured but I do n't know if I will start with him or not . I need to analyse the situation with him and make a decision . ' ` He dedicated himself to getting fit on his days off , working hard in the morning and afternoon . We can say that we did all the tests and scans to confirm that scientifically at this moment the muscle is fine . ` But in football you need the confidence to know you are free to express maximum intensity , and that 's our doubt . So we 'll see in the next 24 hours then decide . ' Chelsea 's Willian -LRB- second left -RRB- , Matic -LRB- second right -RRB- and Luis -LRB- right -RRB- train on Friday . Diego Costa -LRB- centre -RRB- is back in training but could not be fit enough to start against Stoke . Costa vies for the ball with fellow Chelsea striker Didier Drogba -LRB- left -RRB- at Cobham . Louis van Gaal 's Manchester United still have a chance of winning the league , according to Mourinho . Although they sit six points clear at the top of the league with a game in hand on all their nearest rivals , Mourinho still believes that there is still a four-horse race for the title this season . ` Look at the points difference , ' he said . ` You have to say four -LRB- teams -RRB- now . Not five , because there 's a gap from fourth to fifth and , with eight matches to go , that 's a difficult gap from first to fifth . ` But the points difference between second , third and fourth makes me think and feel that they are there . ' He added : ` We need six victories and one draw from nine matches . It is a good situation for us , and one all the other clubs would like to have . But it 's pure mathematics . We need to win six matches and draw one . We need to do that , and we have n't done it yet . ' And despite Manchester United 's inconsistency this season , Mourinho still believes Louis van Gaal 's side are still in with a shot at the title . ` The number of the points is the number of points , ' Mourinho added . ` They are there . The points are there . In the last few matches they 've become consistent in results and the quality of their performances . They are there . '