Pictures of Suge Knight showing he had virtually no facial injuries after he was arrested for killing one man and seriously injuring another in his pickup truck have been released . The co-founder of Death Row Records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation , but close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye . The images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time . Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen reviewed the items before determining Knight , 49 , should stand trial on murder , attempted murder and hit-and-run charges . Scroll down for video . A photo of Suge Knight just after his arrest was released in court along with footage of him plowing into two men in his pickup truck in January . Another photo of the 49-year-old after he was detained was released by the court . Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle ` Bone ' Sloan . The close ups were intended to show the injuries he sustained from being punched in the face during the confrontation . Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen ruled Thursday that there was enough evidence for Knight , 49 , to stand trial on charges he killed Terry Carter and attempted to kill Sloan during a parking lot confrontation . The images show . The video shows Knight 's pickup truck -LRB- top left -RRB- pulling up to the driveway of the burger stand and Cle ` Bone ' Sloan approaching the driver 's side window . Sloan then approaches the driver 's side window and punches the 49-year-old in response to a flurry of insults . Knight 's pickup is seen backing up , throwing Sloan to the ground before the truck drives over his legs and then plows over Terry Carter - who died as a result . Among the other key pieces of evidence shown to the court were images of Knight taken immediately after his arrest . An hour-long interview with Sloan , who survived , describing what happened was also released . Coen ruled Thursday that there was enough evidence for Knight , 49 , to stand trial on charges he killed Terry Carter and attempted to kill Sloan during a parking lot confrontation in late January . Knight has pleaded not guilty . His attorney has said Knight was fleeing an ambush by Sloan and others when he hit the men outside a Compton burger stand . The entire incident took approximately 30 seconds . The video , shot by a surveillance camera monitoring the drive-thru at the burger stand , continues until the arrival of a paramedic . The footage is likely to be used by both sides during Knight 's trial . The footage , which was played by the prosecutor for the first time , shows Suge Knight 's pickup truck -LRB- top left -RRB- pulling up to the driveway of a burger stand in Compton on January 29 . Just seconds later , there is a confrontation between Knight Cle ` Bone ' Sloan and Terry Carter . Knight runs over Sloan 's leg and then plows into Carter . Sloan is then seen lying on the ground in the aftermath . A bystander then runs over to help . Los Angeles Superior Court also released an image of the truck the rap mogul was driving when he ran over the two men . Knight 's attorney , Matt Fletcher , has said the video appears to show an associate of Sloan 's taking a gun off of him after he is run over , and jurors likely will be shown an enhanced version of the video . Knight turned himself in to authorities the morning after the incident . Detectives took pictures of him to try to show he did not have any serious injuries from the attack . Sloan 's interview with detectives will also be crucial to the case since he is unlikely to repeat the lucid account of the event and his own actions that he gave investigators . In court on Monday , Sloan repeatedly said he did n't remember the incident and refused to identify Knight as the person who injured him , saying he did n't want . Knight 's attorney 's say he was trying to flee and ambush . He is pictured on the night of his arrest . ` No snitch ' : Cle ` Bone ' Sloan , 45 , -LRB- left , file photo -RRB- told the court earlier this week that he ` will not be used to send Suge Knight to prison ' . Knight is accused of murdering Terry Carter , 55 , -LRB- right -RRB- and trying to murder Sloan , whom he left with broken bones and other injuries .