The ultimate supercar sales pitch ? Can I sell you a car for your wife as well as your girlfriend ? It may sound more like the kind of line once uttered by used-car salesman Arthur Daley but such is the wealth of a new breed of rich who are buying up Ferraris , Lamborghinis and Porsches , that it 's not an unfeasible question . A new Channel 4 series shines a light on the UK 's billion-pound supercar industry , where some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year . Scroll down for video . A woman in a man 's world : Expert seller Saba Syed , pictured above with husband Sheikh Amari , sells luxury cars to the super rich . Saba says more and more women are coming into the showroom . Happy to break the mould : Saba does n't flinch in the traditionally male-dominated world of motoring and says : ` Women have very good taste in cars . ' While mere mortals might only dream of getting behind the wheel of some of these ultimate driving machines , a select portion of the world 's population are trading them like toys . A standard supercar can cost around £ 250,000 , with the exterior paint alone costing up to £ 10,000 , while some of the industry 's more sought-after vehicles can expect to sell for millions at London 's prestigious car auctions . The supercar business is unashamedly male-dominated - these are the original boys toys , after all . Yet one woman is breaking the mould , with a little help from her car-loving husband . Preston-based Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari have been married for 12 years and run one of the country 's leading supercar dealerships exporting dream cars across the globe . While Sheikh buys the cars , Saba does the selling and is n't afraid to be a woman in a man 's world . In fact , she thinks her gender helps her sell more cars . Driving down a different path : Tom Hartley left school at 11 to focus on ` wheeling and dealing ' ... his son Carl has followed the same path , ditching education in favour of a role in his dad 's business . In Supercars : The Million Pound Motors , airing tonight , she says : ` It just feels great to be that one person who 's not the stereotype . ' She insists her dealership goes the extra mile to ensure cars are extremely clean : ` Our prep is quite in-depth and we clean in places where most dealers would n't . That 's a woman 's touch . ' Her husband admits he 's addicted to cars : ` If you cut me open you 've got super unleaded fuel coming out of me . ' He describes the classic cars that he sells as ` works of art ' . Saba says that she can tell straight away what a customer wants : ` My focus is on the lifestyle choice . I firmly believe that anyone who comes in knows whether they want to buy or not . ` You live once , you work hard . They 're buying into a lifestyle of luxury . ' Although the premium car market might traditionally be seen as something that men enjoy more , Saba says more and more women are coming into the showroom . ` Women have very good taste in cars . You do n't honestly think we talk about cars do you -LSB- when selling -RSB- . We talk about shiny , red soles ! ' Another leading UK supercar salesman is self-made millionaire Tom Hartley , 53 , who runs his motoring business with son Carl . Tom sells to everyone from actors to music industry stars and even has a helipad next to his showroom to ensure would-be buyers can zoom in and out from the skies if they need to . Hartley left school at 11 to concentrate on honing his wheeler-dealer skills and now turns over millions of pounds every year . His biggest sale to date is a car that fetched £ 40million . His son Carl followed an almost identical route , leaving education at 11 to join the established business . The pair , who live in seven-bedroom luxury mansions opposite each other in Derbyshire have their spectacular showroom inbetween their properties . The father-and-son duo sell to everyone from celebrities to footballers and music industry people to actors and shift around £ 4million worth of luxury cars every week . Carl says of his deal-maker Dad : ` He 's my role model , everything I know , I know because I 've learned from him . ' Owner Tom has been warned to take a backseat in the business due to health problems caused by his full-on lifestyle , a task that he 's not found easy : . ` Slow down ? I do n't think I will . I love challenges . I love adventure . I love gambling and I love taking a risk . ' In matte black , please : The world 's wealthy are lusting after the Lamborghini Aventador . Top speed : 217mph -LRB- 350km/h -RRB- Acceleration : 0-62 mph -LRB- 0-100 km/h -RRB- in 2.9 s . Fuel tank capacity : 90 litres -LRB- 23.8 gal . -RRB- Engine oil capacity : 13 litres -LRB- 3.4 gal . -RRB- . Distribution : Only 200 units were made . If you have around £ 300,000 to spend on a flash car , then the Lamborghini Aventador is the car of the moment . Footballers love them as do the young , rich Arabs who flock to London during the summer months . UK supercar dealer Tom Hartley says the car is the ` leading in-demand , super-rich car to buy . ' The Aventador retails at around £ 300,000 and boasts an incredible set of specs , managing 0-62mph in 2.9 seconds and reaching a top speed of 217mph . Earlier this year , boxer Amir Khan posted a shot on Instagram of his Aventador . Other celebrities who own one of the vehicles include the Kardashians and Justin Bieber . Last month , Premier League striker Steven Fletcher was widely ridiculed after he took delivery of the supercar , with fans quick to point out that his performance on the pitch did n't merit such extravagance . Dozens of fans shared a mock message on Twitter reading : ` Steven Fletcher : two seasons , seven goals , one new Lamborghini Aventador . '