Listening to The Beatles could help to enhance the enjoyment of a fish and chip supper , psychologists have found . Research suggests that certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet , salty and bitter - in a range of foods . The intensity of Nessun Dorma , performed by Luciano Pavarotti , is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee . Meanwhile , the high-pitched piano in Billie Holiday 's Autumn in New York can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding . Listening to the right sort of music , including the Beatles -LRB- pictured -RRB- can enhance flavours in certain food and drink , researchers have found . In the Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai , fish and chips -LRB- pictured -RRB- are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles . In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai , fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles , while in El Celler de Can Roca in Girona , Spain , scented meringue comes with a commentary describing Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi in action , a clip which apparently brings out the citrus flavours in the dessert . The so-called digital seasoning also applies to wine , helping drinkers to enjoy their tipple by up to 15 per cent more , if served alongside the right music . Researchers found people enjoyed their wine more while listening to ` paired ' music , rather than while being sat in silence . Tchaikovsky 's String Quartet No 1 in D Major particularly compliments Chateau Margaux 2004 , while Mozart 's Flute Quartet in D Major should be played while drinking Puilly-Fume . Professor Charles Spence , a behavioral psychologist from Oxford University , told the Observer 's Neil Tweedle that taste is not as dominant as we might think in judging a meal and that our ears might subconsciously talk to our tastebuds . He said : ` Music can not create taste or flavours that are not there in your mouth , but it can draw attention to certain notes in a wine or food that are competing in your mind ... It 's kind of digital seasoning . ' The deep tones of Luciano Pavarotti -LRB- pictured left -RRB- singing Nessun Dorma can enhance the bitterness in coffee and the intensity in a chocolate mousse -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . Mr Spence added that humans tend to match the same sounds to the same tastes . He described sourness as ` high-pitched ' , meaning it should be played alongside music of the same quality . He also said sweetness is associated with richer sounds , while bitterness is linked to deeper tones . He believes the sound associated with salty - which he has not yet pinned down - would be enhanced by a throbbing type of sound . ` Bitter , sweet , sour - we have those , ' says Professor Charles Spence , ` But salty is the hardest taste to embody in sound . ' To carry out his research , Mr Spence gives people two pieces of identical chocolate and asks them to each eat one while listening to a different piece of classical music . While the more sombre music is played , people generally describe the chocolate as more bitter . When they described the chocolate as ` sweet ' , it generally when the more upbeat piece was being played , he said . Heston Blumenthal , who runs the Fat Duck in Bray , Berkshire , is among restaurateurs who have sought the professor 's advice . Mr Spence said that , as well as music , colour and even the weight of cutlery are factors which can combine to make a dining experience more enjoyable . Ambient lighting was found to have a positive effect on a person 's enjoyment , with red light bringing out the fruitiness in red wine .