A federal judge has approved a plan to resolve concussion lawsuits brought by more than 5,000 former players that could cost the league $ 1billion over 65 years . The deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field . The NFL expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday . The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $ 190,000 on average . Senior US District Judge Anita Brody -LRB- left -RRB- approved the deal on Wednesday after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out . Former Philadelphia Eagles fullback Kevin Turner -LRB- right -RRB- suffers from Lou Gehrig 's disease and led the lawsuit against the NFL . The settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $ 5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma . Senior U.S. District Judge Anita Brody approved the deal after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out . The negotiators did not increase the original $ 765million plan , but agreed to remove that number as the cap . The deal means the NFL may never have to disclose what it knew when about the risks and treatment of concussions . Players ' lawyers have argued that the settlement will help families get needed financial awards or medical testing that might take years if the case went to trial . The league expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell -LRB- above -RRB- has been criticized for not doing enough to prevent players from getting concussions . The league 's top lawyer said Brody 's approval ` powerfully underscores the fairness and propriety ' of the settlement . ` Retirees and their families will be eligible for prompt and substantial benefits and will avoid years of costly litigation that -- as Judge Brody 's comprehensive opinion makes clear -- would have an uncertain prospect of success , ' NFL general counsel Jeff Pash said in a statement . The total NFL payouts over 65 years , including interest and $ 112million sought for lawyer fees , is expected to be more than $ 1billion . Critics contend the NFL is getting off lightly given annual revenues of about $ 10billion . However , plaintiffs would have first had to fight their way into court -- instead of getting booted to NFL mediation under their players ' contracts -- to prevail . About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually including the family of former New England Patriots linebacker Junior Seau -LRB- above -RRB- . Seau -LRB- above -RRB- committed suicide at his San Diego-area home in 2012 after several years of increasingly erratic behavior . An autopsy showed he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy or CTE . ` From a business point of view , -LRB- the NFL has -RRB- ... avoided what may have been the biggest risk to their continued prosperity , ' said Andrew Brandt , director of the sports law program at Villanova University law school . ` Removing this as a threat is extraordinary , ' he said . The NFL lawsuits , and similar suits filed later against the NHL , the NCAA and others , has fostered debate , discussion and safety reforms about sports concussions . Yet the NFL games seem to be as wildly popular as ever . ` I know people talk about , it 's dangerous , and mothers wo n't let their sons play football . But I do n't see that . I do n't see that at all , ' Brandt said . About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually . They include the family of Junior Seau , the popular Pro Bowler who killed himself at his San Diego-area home in 2012 after several years of increasingly erratic behavior . An autopsy showed he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE . The NFL earlier this year said concussions have dropped by 36 per cent after they changed the way players tackle -LRB- above David Bruton # 30 of the Denver Broncos lies on the ground in pain in 2014 -RRB- . Brody most recently asked for several tweaks , including partial credit for time played in NFL Europe and other developmental leagues , to broaden the settlement . Negotiators quickly agreed to her suggestions . She rejected other complaints raised at a November hearing , including those who say the agreement does not cover future deaths from chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a degenerative brain disease that can only be diagnosed after death , or contemplate the day when it might be diagnosed in the living . Others oppose the award reductions for older men and those who played fewer than five years in the league . ` Although objectors insist that there must be compensation for CTE , the NFL parties were unwilling to settle claims based solely on a -LRB- diagnosis -RRB- ... rather than on manifest neurocognitive deficits , ' the lead negotiators wrote in a March court filing urging Brody to approve the deal . ` Many of the behavioral and mood conditions claimed to be associated with CTE are prevalent within the general public . '