Wedding season is fast upon us , but with the average cost of the big day hitting £ 25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget . It 's easy to cut costs by snapping up invites and decorations on the high street , but would you buy your wedding dress from the likes of Monsoon or Debenhams ? Or would you rather make like the A-list and splash the cash on a timeless Vera Wang or Oleg Cassini gown ? As millions of brides begin the hunt for their perfect dress , FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns . So , can you tell which gowns cost hundreds and which sets you back thousands ? BRIDES . DEBENHAMS VS WHITE BY VERA WANG . Debenhams is one of the most popular dress vendors on the high street and the store has added a covetable bridal collection to its repertoire . Describing the wedding range on its website , Debenhams say the classic and modern styles are designed to make you ` look and feel fabulous ' on your big day . On Debenhams.com , one £ 199 dress is described as a ` beautiful Grecian inspired gown crafted from satin with beautiful chiffon straps and waterfall detail to the centre front and back . ' It has a fitted , boned bodice with stone , bead and sequin floral embellishment to the waist and rear straps and an elegantly flared skirt - and costs no more than a dress you might snap up for a night on the town . Scroll down for video . Can YOU tell which is which ? Left : Debut at Debenhams ' £ 199 Ivory embellished Grecian wedding dress , right : White by Vera Wang £ 1,450 Illusion Neckline Ball Gown with Lace Detail Style . Vera Wang , on the other end of the spectrum , is the wedding dress designer synonymous with luxury . In 1990 , she opened her own design salon in the Carlyle Hotel in New York , featuring her now trademark bridal gowns with financial backing from her father . The Vera Wang label quickly took off , earning praise from the fashion elite for its luxurious fabrics , exquisite detailing and modern interpretation of classic lines . From Mariah Carey and Kim Kardashian to Heidi Klum and Jessica Simpson , a number of stars have entrusted the renowned designer with their special day . Other Vera Wang-wearing brides include Khloe Kardashian , who married Lamar Odom in 2009 in one of her designs , as well as Victoria Beckham , Ivanka Trump and Chelsea Clinton . Her iconic designs , which often come embellished with tulle , diamantes and pearls , retail at over £ 1,000 within her White by Vera Wang line - and if you want one made bespoke , the price sky-rockets . The Vera Wang designs , left , which are available at David 's Bridal and cost over £ 1,000 have earned praise from the fashion elite for their luxurious fabrics , while Debenhams designs , such as this No 1 Jenny Packham Designer ivory floral embellished mesh maxi dress , right , which costs £ 220 , have become a popular high-street option . MONSOON VS DAVID 'S BRIDAL JEWEL COLLECTION . Monsoon also offer lavish dresses for brides on a budget . Describing its range of vintage-inspired dresses , which cost around £ 300 , the brand say : ` Bedecked with romantic lace , layers of tulle and lavish embellishments , our bridal collection has something to suit all brides-to-be . ` Designed exclusively in London , each and every one of our beautiful dresses has been expertly-crafted with the utmost love , care and attention to detail . ' The store has a dedicated ` wedding boutique ' on its website and even has a bridal Pinterest board that can be used to garner information . David 's Bridal , on the other hand , is a hugely popular American bridal boutique that opened its doors in Westfield last year . Stocking the likes of White by Vera Wang and Truly by Zac Posen , as well as its own Jewel Collection , the designs are lavish . Monsoon also offer lavish dresses for brides on a budget , including this Coralie Dress , left , for £ 299 . David 's Bridal Jewel Collection Tulle ball gown with illusion neckline , long sleeves and lace appliqués , right , will set you back £ 1,195 . BHS VERSUS DAVID 'S BRIDAL . With dresses starting at £ 85 for a more casual , short dress , BHS offers what is arguably the most affordable range of wedding attire on the high street . ` Be a blushing bride in one of our spectacular wedding dresses , ' reads the range 's description . ` We also have a fantastic range of bridal shoes , accessories and bridal lingerie - to ensure your day is picture perfect . ' Gowns , which cost - on average - around £ 150 , come with floor-sweeping skirts , delicate pleating and some with internal support to ensure added comfort . David 's Bridal sell more showstopping gowns at their boutique in Westfield , London , and online , where dresses come adorned with intricate tulle , embellished with flowers , ruched skirts and a pricetag north of £ 1,000 . BHS offers what is arguably the most affordable range of wedding attire on the high street , left , a floor-length gown costing £ 150 , while David 's Bridal offer more showstopping gowns like this Oleg Cassini boat neck ball gown with low back , dramatic cascade skirt and 3D flower embellished bodice , right , for £ 1,595 . David 's Bridal Jewel Collection dot tulle ball gown with sweetheart neckline , corset bodice and tiered lace skirt with chapel train , left , which would set you back £ 1,195 , versus the Violet gown from Sir Philip Green 's BHS , which costs £ 180 . COAST VERSUS MELISSA SWEET . Coast is another high street retailer known and loved for its sophisticated fashion . The store 's bridal boutique includes lace wedding dresses and vintage style gowns through to contemporary midi-length or backless maxis . ` Each style is designed to accentuate your features with stunning fabrics finished with embellishment or embroidery , ' they say . The dresses , which cost around £ 150 each , are available in a range of lace and tulle , some with embroidered and embellished details . Melissa Sweet , meanwhile , prides herself on her creations , which are inspired by her passion for the well-made things of the past . David 's Bridal , who stock her gowns costing around £ 1,200 , say : ` Her graceful designs combine a modern sensibility with exquisite vintage detailing , cascading lace , beautiful ribbon trims and intricate hand-sewn beading . ` Her gowns are polished yet pretty , fluid and captivating , the perfect collection for the modern romantic . ' Melissa Sweet designed exclusively for David 's Bridal strapless A-line gown with 3D floral appliqué embellishment , left , costs £ 1,295 , while Coast 's Maddison dress has a boned structured bodice and a statement hi low hem skirt with underneath tulle at a cost of £ 250 . PHASE EIGHT VERSUS OLEG CASSINI . Phase Eight offer a range of thrifty dresses priced between £ 250 and £ 750 in sizes 6-20 . In a nod to 1930s Hollywood , a lot of the gowns come with vintage embroidery , beading and lovely lace . Everything is designed exclusively in-house and season after season , the store 's buyers travel across the globe in search of the perfect embroidery to inspire and inform the gowns . Conversely , Oleg Cassini , the late American fashion designer born to an aristocratic Russian family , dressed some of the most revered Hollywood style icons . The house 's designs , which promise to be ` timeless , elegant and polished ' , can cost as much as £ 1,795 . Josephina dress , £ 495 , Phase Eight , left , and David 's Bridal Cassini all over lace strapless ball gown with 3D flora at full skirt , fort £ 1,795 . David 's Bridal Jewel Collection tulle over satin trumpet gown with south detailing and sweep train , left , £ 1,895 , versus Phase Eight 's Hope Twenties inspired wedding dress heavily embellished with shimmering beads and sequins , right , which , at £ 595 , is less than half the price . BRIDESMAIDS . ASOS AND ASDA VERSUS DAVID 'S BRIDAL . Better known for its fast-fashion , super successful e-tailer ASOS looks set to get even bigger after making its first foray into wedding attire with an exclusive bridesmaid collection . With 30 options available , comprising of multi-styles in complementary fabrics , colours and prints , the bridesmaid collection offers bridal parties designs to be mixed and matched . The range , which starts from £ 38 , promises to cater to different body shapes and is available in tones of lilac and lavender , sorbet shades of mint and lemon and can even be worn mismatched . Girls ' bridesmaid and flowergirl dresses start at £ 12 and there will be 14 options in total at Asda , left , whilst David 's Bridal short one shoulder crinkle chiffon dress costs £ 110 . George at Asda is also hoping to help brides on a budget - by launching a wedding collection for bridesmaids and pageboys starting from just £ 7 . Dubbed ` the most affordable range anywhere on the high street ' , the supermarket claim that it 's half the price of rivals such as Debenhams and Next and is a ` saviour for cash-strapped brides-to-be ' . The new range is designed for children aged 9 months up to 14 years , with girls ' bridesmaid and flowergirl dresses start at £ 12 , boys ' formal shirts at £ 7 and suit trousers at £ 10 . A complete outfit for a flowergirl will cost from £ 28 , whilst pageboys can look sharp in a shirt , tie , waistcoat , suit and shoes for £ 51 . David 's Bridal , meanwhile , stocks slightly more expensive options with dresses - which are available in up to 53 colourways - costing over the £ 100 mark . ASOS has just ventured into bridesmaid attire -LRB- L-R -RRB- Wedding bandeau dress , £ 55 , maxi with fishtail , £ 65 , drape front dress , £ 55 . While David 's Bridal offers dresses at double the price , such as this short tank lace bridesmaid dress , which is available in 25 colours for £ 120 . Monsoon does bridal parties on a budget : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Flowergirl : Fallon Dress £ 50 , bridesmaid : Madison Dress £ 119 , baby Flowergirl : Arianne Dress , £ 49 , bride : Eliza Dress , £ 499 , bridesmaid : Nancy Dress , £ 119 , pageboy : Buster 4-piece suit set , £ 45 .