This is one of the few places in the world where holidaymakers can sleep with the fishes and brag about it to their friends when they wake up the next morning . Thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms at the five-star Atlantis , The Palm resort in Dubai . With enough room for five guests , the underwater suites -- Poseidon and Neptune -- boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the Ambassador Lagoon aquarium , which holds 65,000 marine animals , from the master bedrooms and bathrooms -- creating the illusion of being under the sea . Scroll down for video . Atlantis , The Palm 's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms . Thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms . A magnet for well-off honeymooners , the signature suites are three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room , an inter-connecting bedroom , a majlis/television room and a private lift . With a base price of just under £ 5,500 -LRB- $ 8,200 -RRB- a night , each suite has elegant perks , including soap with 24-carat gold flakes , Dom Perignon Champagne for non-Muslim guests , a non-alcoholic sparkling date drink for Muslim guests , and 24-hour private butler service to keep customers feeling pampered . Dinesh Raj , the hotel 's head butler , said Atlantis , The Palm has been able to accommodate a number of unusual requests from guests who have stayed in the underwater suites . He said : ` A guest requested a camel at Atlantis , The Palm and we were able to provide it for the guest almost immediately . With a base price of about £ 5,450 -LRB- $ 8,200 -RRB- a night , each suite has elegant perks , with the illusion of being under the sea . ` We organised everything for them and brought the camel to The Royal Beach . There was also an instance whereby , for a birthday around Christmas time , we delivered a gift to a guest through a skydiving Santa Claus . ` Another time a guest requested a buggy to drive on the main road of The Palm which is not allowed . We made it possible by calling the police in Dubai and asking for their assistance . ' Mr Raj once united a guest with a Rolex watch that he forgot he had ordered . He said : ` There is one guest I took care of who ordered a Rolex watch in one of our shops at Atlantis , The Palm but by the time the watch was delivered the guest had already checked out . ` So I called the guest and sent an email to get his information and was able to send him his Rolex . He was really happy and said he almost forgot about the item . ' Perks include soap with 24-carat gold flakes and 24-hour private butler service to keep customers feeling pampered . Each underwater suite is three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room . Aquarium views are just one of the over-the-top features at a hotel that has become a symbol for extravagant luxury in the United Arab Emirates and a favourite of celebrities such as Kim Kardashian . The 1,500-room hotel has two towers that are linked by the £ 12,000-a-night -LRB- $ 18,000 -RRB- Royal Bridge Suite , where Kardashian has spent the night , and is located on the Palm Jumeirah artificial island off the coast of Dubai . The 110-acre resort opened in 2008 with faux ruins that replicate the lost city of Atlantis , a water slide that allows thrillseekers to zip through a shark-filled lagoon in a transparent glass tube , encounters with dolphins and sea lions , and the opportunity to scuba dive in the aquarium . The hotel has two towers that are linked by the £ 12,000-a-night -LRB- $ 18,000 -RRB- Royal Bridge Suite where Kim Kardashian has stayed . The 110-acre resort -LRB- pictured at left -RRB- opened in 2008 and is located on the Palm Jumeirah artificial island off the coast of Dubai . Mr Raj said : ` Guests who book the underwater suite are taken to another world through the amazing views of the aquarium from their bedroom and through the bespoke service they receive from their designated butler . ` Any request or desire from the guest is no challenge or too much for our well-trained and cheerful butler services team . ' He added : ` The view from the bedroom and bathroom is what makes this suite truly a modern marvel . ` If you want to go diving , you can see your suite during the experience . It truly is an amazing room that sets a very romantic and special ambiance and makes for memorable moments . '