Mother 's Day is still three weeks away , but Michelle Obama did n't need an excuse to treat her mom on Saturday . Enjoying a perfect spring day in New York City , the First Lady and ` Grandmother-in-chief ' , Marian Robinson , had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village . The two sat down for a meal at Lupa , a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali . Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the ` Chef 's Roman Tasting Menu ' . Girls day out : Michelle Obama is seen leaving in an SUV with her mother , Marian Robinson , after they dined at Lupa restaurant on Thompson Street in New York 's Greenwich Village on Saturday . Fine dining : The two enjoyed a sumptuous five-course Italian lunch at the restaurant , before getting into a waiting SUV . Happy Mother 's Day ! : Marian Robinson , 76 , smiles as she leaves Italian restaurant Lupa in New York City on Saturday with her daughter , Michelle Obama . On guard : White House security agents wait outside the eatery on Thompson for the First Lady and her mom to finish their lunch . Crowd control : Residents in the building above the restaurant scramble onto their fire escapes to try and grab a sight of Michelle Obama and her mom , Marian Robertson , on Saturday . Batali was heard describing Michelle as ` a happy woman ' . The menu , priced at $ 65 per person , plus $ 49 with wine pairings , is a five-course set meal . It starts with a salad - Puntarelle Alla Romana - and then two pastas - Rigatoni Alla Gricia and Strozzapreti with Sugo Finto . Next comes Coda Alla Vaccinara , a rich Roman oxtail stew . The two then enjoyed a cheese platter , before Tartufo , an Italian ice cream dessert . Outside the eatery a group of bodyguards stood on the sidewalk waiting for the two . As word spread that the First Lady and her mom were dining inside , resident 's in the building above the restaurant emerged on their fire escapes , keen to get a look . His work here is done : Mario Batali , owner of Lupa , jumps on his scooter after serving the two women . He was heard describing Michelle to photographers as ` a lovely woman ' Lunch : Lupa is a tiny Italian eatery on Thompson Street in New York 's Greenwich Village . It opened in 1999 . The scene kept the bodyguards busy . After lunch the two were escorted into a waiting SUV . With official duties over , Batali was also seen leaving his restaurant , pulling out onto the street on his moped . Batali and his business partner , Joe Bastianich , have created a culinary empire together . They own 10 restaurants in New York , four in Las Vegas , two in Los Angeles and two in both Hong Kong and Singapore . Close : First lady Michelle Obama -LRB- L -RRB- applauds with her mother Marian Robinson -LRB- R -RRB- during the final day of the Democratic National Convention at Time Warner Cable Arena on September 6 , 2012 in Charlotte , North Carolina . Mrs Robinson , who lives in the White House with the First Family , is known as ` Mrs R ' around Washington D.C. . She is said to get about town relatively anonymously , according to The Washington Post , and keeps an active social . The 76-year-old moved from her home in Chicago when Barrack Obama was inaugurated in 2009 .