Robert Durst 's first court date culminated in a shouting match after none of his lawyers ' witnesses showed up . The 71-year-old real estate scion awaiting extradition to face murder charges in California appeared in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession . His defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching Durst 's hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant . However , as a shackled Durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom , the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Controversial : Robert Durst , 71 , -LRB- file image pictured -RRB- appeared to doze of in the New Orleans courtroom as his lawyers became embroiled in a shouting match with the judge after no witnesses showed up to the trial . In custody : Durst has been in custody since his arrest on March 14 and labeled a suicide risk as he waits to be extradited to California where he will be tried for the 2000 murder of his longtime friend Susan Berman . Durst was arrested on March 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance , which carry a combined maximum sentence of 30 years in prison , but has yet to be formally charged . It was the day before the final HBO episode aired of The Jinx : The Life And Deaths Of Robert Durst . Authorities who searched the room , where Durst stayed under an alias , claim to have found over $ 42,000 in cash , a revolver , marijuana and a latex mask that could fit over his neck and head . FBI agents arrested Durst over fears he would flee the country , the agency has said . On Thursday , the judge eventually agreed to postpone the hearing until next week , when the witnesses - two FBI agents and a state trooper - could be charged with contempt of court for failing to appear . Long a suspect in the disappearance of his wife , Kathleen Durst , in 1982 in New York , Durst was acquitted in the dismemberment killing of his neighbor in Texas in 2003 . He is now facing the death penalty in California , where he is accused of murdering his longtime friend Susan Berman in 2000 . Two FBI agents and a state trooper ignored their subpoenas and could face contempt of court charges . The real estate heir was temporarily placed on suicide watch soon after his arrest . His lawyers claim his Asperger 's Syndrome led him to erroneously trust the HBO producers , who screened semi-confessional interviews that will now be used against him in trial . Durst , who prosecutors have said is worth up to $ 100 million , has long been estranged from his powerful family , which has major New York real estate holdings . He has been held without bail at a facility for mentally ill inmates about 70 miles -LRB- 110 km -RRB- from New Orleans , with local authorities having labeled him a suicide risk .