Pensioners and neighbours have criticised the £ 750,000 refurbishment of sheltered accommodation which they say has made it look like Legoland . All of the 36 units at the Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an ` eyesore ' by local residents . But the local council defended the colour scheme , claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home . Graham White , 76 , from Penarth said the changes to the property looks ` more like a children 's playscheme ' The 36 homes as they were before the council spent £ 750,000 including funds from the Intermediate Care Fund on the renovation . One pensioner , Graham White , 76 , said residents think the property looks ` more like a children 's playscheme than sheltered accommodation ' . Mr White , who has lived in one of the flats for three years , told the BBC : ` It is a total waste of public money . The colours are totally unsuitable for the older people that live here . ` They should put up a sign saying `` Welcome to Legoland '' . ' The residents ' rent , of £ 103 a week plus bills , has remained the same since before the refurbishments took place . One neighbour , who lives opposite Redlands House and who did not wish to be named , described the building as an ` eyesore ' . She said : ` It would be great if it was for kids . If it was a nursery it would look lovely . It looked much better the way it was before they put the colour on it . ' However Sue Barter , who lives on Redlands Avenue , said she was ` not indifferent to it ' . She said : ` I can see how residents might not like it . It 's a shame it is not somewhere where more people can see it and appreciate it . But I would n't complain about it . ' Hayley Selway , head of housing for Vale of Glamorgan council said the aim of the refurbishment was to ` change the look and feel of the property and bring it into the 21st century ' . Mr White said after the colourful renovations that : ` They should put up a sign saying `` Welcome to Legoland '' . ' She said : ` It is quite loud and vibrant . The design wo n't suit everyone 's tastes and not everybody is going to like it . ` This was about making a statement saying this is somewhere a little bit different . ' She said the vibrant colours , both internal and external , were chosen to help residents with low levels of dementia and those with sight problems . She said plans for the redevelopment were on display for residents before any construction began and no concerns were raised prior to the work starting . She said : ` It is a matter of taste . Some residents rave about it . For others it is a huge departure from where they lived before but not everybody hates it . ' Not impressed : Mr White stands outside the newly refurbished flats where he has lived for more than 3 years .