A ` unique and beautiful ' teenage girl was killed by a driver who crashed a stolen car while drunk and high on cocaine and cannabis . Xana Doyle , 19 , was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis , which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in the early hours of the morning . Driver Sakhawat Ali , 23 , was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel . Xana Doyle -LRB- pictured -RRB- was killed after driver Sakhawat Ali crashed a stolen car while high on drugs . The Toyota Avensis flipped and landed on its roof after the crash in the early hours of the morning in January . A court heard he was driving at ` excessive speed ' in the moments before the crash , which did not involve any other vehicle . Miss Doyle , who suffered a ` blunt head injury ' , was pronounced dead at the scene in Newport , South Wales . Ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking when he appeared at Cardiff Crown Court yesterday . Judge Neil Bidder QC told the court : ` The driver was well over twice the drink-drive limit and it is accepted there was excessive speed . ' The judge said he wanted more information on how much cocaine and cannabis the driver had taken on the night of the smash before sentencing . Ali , of Newport , was remanded in custody ahead of a hearing in July . Sakhawat Ali -LRB- pictured right -RRB- admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking . The driver 's cousin , Shabaz Ali , 21 , admitted allowing himself to be carried in a stolen car following the smash in January this year . The July hearing will decide whether he ` contributed ' to the accident by pulling the handbrake from the back seat . Floral tributes were left at the scene of the accident and hundreds of people attended the funeral of Miss Doyle , a former Duffryn High School student , in January . In a tribute , her mother Emma O'Donoghue wrote that Xana was an ` unusual name for a unique and beautiful girl ' . Before the crash , Miss Doyle , from Newport , had recently begun working at Wetherspoons as a cook and was also a trained beautician after completing an apprenticeship . Ms O'Donoghue said yesterday : ` No sentence will ever give me back my daughter or my children their sister . She is dearly missed and this terribly traumatic experience will remain with us for ever . ` I am pleased that Sakhawat Ali has pleaded guilty , not that he could dispute any of the evidence presented . Miss Doyle suffered a ` blunt head injury ' and was pronounced dead at the scene in Newport , South Wales . Ali was remanded in custody and a hearing in July will determine if his cousin also contributed to the crash . ` Xana was a beautiful , funny and loving girl and every day is a struggle to live on without her in our lives , we can only hope that justice is served and those responsible are held accountable . ' Paying tribute to Miss Doyle at her funeral , her mother said : ` You had a smile that would stop this world spinning around . ` I always knew that you were kind and loving and even through your difficult teenage years you never forgot to tell me how much you loved me and appreciated my support . ` In the last two years you blossomed into a beautiful young woman , independent and hard-working , making us all so proud of you . ' She added that she had fond memories of her daughter playing and fooling around with her sisters , Lauren and Eve , and her brother Zane . Miss Doyle , whose white coffin was adorned with red roses , gave ` unquivering friendship and support ' to her friends and family throughout her life , her mother added .