A little boy has undergone more than 50 operations to have his entire face painstakingly rebuilt . Billy Mitchell , now seven , was born with Apert syndrome , a rare condition which left him with malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet . He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities -- which included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull and another to rebuild his features . He also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks . Billy Mitchell , seven , was born with Apert syndrome , a rare genetic condition which causes malformations . The surgeries carried risks including meningitis , brain damage , catastrophic bleeding leading to stroke and potentially death , but Billy pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face . Billy 's mother , Denise Mitchell , 47 , said she knew immediately something was wrong with her son when he was born . ` When I saw him I had an overwhelming sense of love . But he looked so ill and his skin appeared plastic and his head was misshapen , ' she said . ` I also noticed his fingers and toes were sewn together . ' It was then a doctor broke the news he suspected Billy had Apert syndrome , a genetic abnormality where the bone plates in the skull fuse too early in the womb so the skull is unable to grow normally . The condition is caused by a chromosomal defect . Children with Apert have bulging eyes that are usually wide-set and tilted down at the sides . They may also have problems with tooth alignment due to jaw development problems , suffer from a cleft palate , and may have webbed fingers and toes . After his birth , doctors feared Billy would not last the night . The next day Mr and Mrs Mitchell , who live in Hertfordshire , were forced to have a heartbreaking conversation with doctors about turning off his life support machine . Specialists feared Billy 's nose was totally blocked with misformed and premature fused bone , blocking his airway . Billy , pictured with his twin sister Lois , has undergone more than 50 operations to have his face rebuilt . But miraculously , Billy held on , and in the morning he was transferred to a specialist children 's hospital where he had thin , metal tubes called stents inserted into his nose to help him breathe . He remained in a critical condition , surrounded by tubes and machines . Finally , when he was a month old , Mr and Mrs Mitchell were able to take him home to join his twin sister Lois and older sister Darcy , then five . But he often stopped breathing in the night , and at 10 weeks old Mrs Mitchell heard him crying . Apert syndrome is a genetic craniofacial abnormality that occurs in around one in 160,000 to 200,000 births . The condition is characterised by malformations of the skull , mid-face , hands and feet . The skull is prematurely fused and unable to grow normally . The mid-face - the area from the middle of the eye socket to the upper jaw - appears sunken . Some children with the condition have fused fingers and toes . Early surgery can relieve the pressure that builds up inside the fused skull as the brain grows . And operations can be carried out to re-model a child 's face . She noticed that his left eyelid had been pulled behind his eyeball , causing his eye to pop out . After rushing to a doctor , he ended up having his lid sewn shut for a week . Children with Apert syndrome have very small eye orbits , meaning more of their eyeball is exposed . Billy 's eye orbits were so shallow , especially the left , that his eye regularly popped out of its socket . Doctors advised Billy have his eyelid sewn together after he developed a corneal ulcer . Just six weeks later , he needed a major operation to relieve pressure on his brain , save his sight and reshape his whole head . Known as a ` front orbital advancement ' , surgeons opened his skull , detached it , remodelled his forehead and pieced it together again like a jigsaw . They also inserted two pins -- each three inches long -- into his head . For six months , the pins were turned twice a day to create more room inside his head to relieve pressure on his brain . Billy now needs 24-hour care , which has put a strain on family life . Mrs Mitchell said : ` Luckily Paul and I had a strong relationship and we talked to each other about how we felt . ` But Darcy was still young and had to grow up fast . When Billy was four months old he underwent a major operation to relieve pressure on his brain , save his sight and reshape his whole head . His fingers were also fused together leaving him struggling to clasp things properly . When he was 17 months old surgeons operated on him to separate Billy 's fingers and toes down to the first knuckle . ` And as for Lois , every time Billy was admitted to hospital , she 'd look around wondering where he was . ` But she was thriving , passing all the usual milestones . ` It was also clear she had a special bond with Billy . Sometimes they 'd snuggle up together . ` When she learnt to sit up we propped Billy up with cushions and they 'd spend ages playing together . And when Lois became mobile she 'd fetch Billy his favourite toys . ' Billy 's fingers were fused together -- known as ` mitten hands ' -- and so he struggled to clasp things properly . But when he was 17 months old a surgeon at Leeds General Hospital agreed to operate on them . During a nine hour operation , involving bone and skin grafts , he separated Billy 's fingers down to the first knuckle and did the same with his toes . In a second operation he finished the process , separating them fully . Mrs Mitchell said : ` Billy had all four limbs in a cast for seven weeks but the results afterwards were amazing . ` He grew in confidence overnight and a couple of weeks later learnt to sit up by himself . ` Bright as a button he 'd would watch Lois intently and began to copy her . As a family we were astounded by his progress . So too were the doctors . ' But the outside world was less understanding , and Mrs Mitchell said people would whisper whenever she took billy out in his pram . ` Walking down the street one day I heard one woman say to her friend : `` God he looks awful '' . Earlier this year Billy had another major operation which left him with a frame fitted to his face for nine weeks . ` I was so upset I went straight home . ` Another time when the twins were two and a half we were stood in the queue to see Santa when Darcy noticed some children pointing at Billy . ` She told them not to do it because it was rude . Afterwards I overheard their mother saying : `` Well she should n't bring him out should she . '' ` If only they knew what Billy was going through . ' But determined not to wrap their child in cotton wool , Mr and Mrs Mitchell sent Billy to nursery and he went to exactly the same school as his twin sister Lois . Despite his difficulties he has turned into a typical little boy , obsessed with cars , reading books , and enjoying playing fancy dress with his sister . Since his most recent surgery , Billy loves his new face , his mother Denise said . ` He loved life and was determined to join in with everything , ' Mrs Mitchell says . In the summer of 2012 he underwent more major surgery . During a nine-hour operation surgeons took the left hand side of his skull off to remodel it and put it back with titanium springs to allow for more growth . His condition also left him with a distorted face and his eyes were becoming more and more exposed due to shallow eye sockets and breathing was a struggle . So earlier this year he also underwent high risk mid-face surgery , where his face was literally taken apart , reshaped and put back together again to create more room . His head was cut from ear to ear and his face cut vertically , with the skin being pulled down , exposing all of the bones of his face and jaw . His forehead , eye orbits , nose and top jaw were taken apart , reshaped and put back together with a red frame attached through a series of wires and bolts . The frame was left in place for nine weeks to encourage the bone to grow , as well as pull the existing facial bones forward . The bones were moved forward a millimeter a day by turning the screws on the frame , a process which allows new bone to grow and then to consolidate . Mrs Mitchell said : ` So far he 's endured more than 50 general aesthetics and has been through so much . ` But since his recent surgery he loves his news face . When he saw it for the first time without the frame I think he would have done cartwheels if he could . ` It was a massive boost to his confidence . ` And now , a few months on , he does n't even associate himself as having Apert syndrome . ` But what 's incredible is the way he 's taken everything in his stride . We ca n't thank all the doctors and nurses enough who 've looked after him . '