Smoking , pregnant , covered in dirt and down-and-out - it 's not how we pictured a superhero . But that 's exactly how they have been imagined in this amusing photo series that reveals how the good guys could end up after their life fighting crime comes to an end . Photographer Martin Beck has snapped Captain America , Iron Man and the Green Lantern taking a step back from fighting crime and portrays how they are instead focusing on the struggles of getting through the week . Scroll down for video . Not too bothered about the Joker these days , the Bat family have a little one on the way -LRB- Omar as Batman and Dina as Batwoman -RRB- . Clinging onto their costumes , Iron Man tucks into chips while Superwoman relaxes with a cuppa -LRB- Ahmed as IronMan , Teresa , Superwoman -RRB- . Some indulge in unhealthy fast-food , others suck on cigarettes while the rest get bogged down in household chores or everyday life in a future that looks bleak for Marvel and DC comics stars . The Dubai-based artist of Scottish and South African heritage has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour in his latest project called We Can Be Heroes . His subjects look like they ca n't get over the fact they 've had to retire , or like they never quite passed at superhero school . And now , just like many of us , their daily lives are ruled by ` simple ' struggles ; chores , providing for their loved ones , and even battling the bulge , all while fighting for their ego and trying to retain some of that hero gloss . Beck says there is a very important message to his work . Superwoman Teresa naps next to past-it Superman , Ghalib , on a dodgy , dated sofa . The moody portraiture of an ironing , cigarette-smoking Superman echoes the troubled writer Charles Bukowski . Spiderman Dan and Spiderwoman Kristina have inked up since their crime-fighting days . The Green Lantern , posed by Mohammed , grooms his locks , while Captain America looks out into the distance at a cafe . ` When we think of superheroes , we think of perfect bodies and beautiful faces , achieving unbelievable feats . These are people we idealise as characters that can do no wrong and only seem to exist in our daydreams , ' explains his work 's official description . ` This project tries to humanise superheroes . Despite our flaws and failures , each of us , in our own way , can be heroes to our family , our friends , our colleagues and we all have the potential to help others . ' Martin 's heroes are regular people not restricted by race , religion or beliefs . They live among us , they surround us , and they are everywhere . Everyone is a superhero . Known for his unique post-shooting treatments , Martin effortlessly turns photography into art . With diverse shooting styles , his personal love for art , design and music keep Martin in touch with the world of popular culture . The collection has a total of 20 portraits and fine art limited edition prints , and they 're all available to purchase . The female Captain America seems to have lost her mask and is using face paint instead , while smoking on the New Zealand sidewalk . Superman looks a long way from Krypton as he glares over the balcony of his high-rise home , while IronWoman Aliya strums a guitar as a busker following her career fighting crime . The Flash fixes up a beat up old car in Sri Lanka in this shot of his second career as a mechanic . The female Flash , posed by Luz , is now a sullen children 's party entertainer and Robin , posed by Fergus , is still trying to look important . Wonder Women -LRB- mother and daughter -RRB- Suzie and Savannah look out onto a queue of people while enjoying a cigarette . The Hulk , meanwhile , posed by Martin , has certainly lost most of his massive muscle -LRB- although can still break down fences -RRB- .