Kyle Patrick Loughlin from Massachusetts has been charged with sexually assaulting two young boys at a daycare center where he worked . A 21-year-old college student from Massachusetts has been charged with sexually assaulting two young boys at a daycare center where he worked . Kyle Patrick Loughlin , who was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course , was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he 'd molested two boys aged between four and five . Police told The Boston Globe that they then proceeded to search Loughlin 's dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children 's underwear and diapers . The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote ` sexually charged fantasy stories ' involving children . Authorities later removed a computer and other evidence from the suspect 's family home . According to WCVB News , an investigation was launched into the supposed child abuse case last week after one of the children 's parents filed a complaint . There had also been reports relating to Loughlin 's ` suspicious behavior ' , where he apparently got too close to some of the infants in his care . Despite his admittance , Loughlin pleaded ` not guilty ' in court on Friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery . He will now be held without bail until a dangerousness hearing next week and ca n't be reached for comment . It 's unknown who represents him . University spokeswoman Eva Gaffney says Loughlin was one of several students working at the licensed center and had passed a required background check . Scene of the incident : There had also been reports relating to Loughlin 's ` suspicious behavior ' , where he allegedly got too close to some of the infants in his care . The daycare facility center serves children from age two years and nine months to six years and has a capacity of up to 30 children . Loughlin apparently told police he worked at the center bi-weekly for a total of seven hours but it was not clear how long he had been employed . Other students who worked with him described him as ` socially awkward ' and ` extremely strange ' . Gaffney says that parents have been informed about the case involving Loughlin and staff will be on hand to address any concerns . The state 's child welfare agency is investigating .