Military officials in Kazakhstan have introduced a Miss Army competition in the hope of encouraging more recruits . The Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online where viewers can vote for their favourites . The pictures show the women in three set poses -- in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing -- and they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times . Frontline femme fatale : Abildaeva Aigul Isahanovna is among 123 of Kazakhstan 's ` prettiest soldiers ' who have been put forward by the military for its Miss Army competition in the hope of encouraging more recruits . In the -LRB- fashion -RRB- line of fire : The Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has posted their photos online -- including this one of Uzbehanova Marjane Abilovna -- so viewers can vote for their favourites . Deskbound diva : The pictures show the women in three set poses -- in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing -- and they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters . Prone to male advances : A military spokesman said the competition was also open to voters not only from Kazakhstan but also neighbouring countries Krygystan , Azerbaijan and Russia . A spokesman for the MoD said : ` Voting began this week and the competition is open until the 10th of May . ` We 've been flooded with views and the clear favourite at the moment is Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova who is in the lead with over 1,100 votes . ` There is still a long way to go though and anyone could win . ' The spokesman revealed that the competition was also open to voters not only from Kazakhstan but also neighbouring countries Krygystan , Azerbaijan and Russia . Do n't miss out : Voting began this week and the Miss Army competition will be open until May 10 . Favourite : Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova is the front-runner so far with more than 1,100 votes . Military models : Soldiers Meyramova Sulushash Adilhanova -LRB- left -RRB- and Dzhanabaeva Zarina Sabitzhanovna -LRB- right -RRB- also feature in the competition . Voter Nicephorus Bocharov said there were ` certainly some fine looking women in there ' but he was n't convinced it would make him sign up and fight . Aiguilles Vitaly is seen here in her competition photograph . A military spokesman said the winner will receive a cash prize and the knowledge of knowing she is the most beautiful woman soldier in Kazakhstan . Faces of the frontline : One voter , Emil Efremov , 32 , believes the competition would also do much to improve the image of Kazakhstan after it was lampooned by Sacha Baron Cohen 's comedy persona Borat . Voter Nicephorus Bocharov , 34 , said : ` There are certainly some fine looking women in there , although I 'm not sure it would make me want to sign up and fight . ' Another fan , Emil Efremov , 32 , believes the competition would also do much to improve the image of Kazakhstan after it was lampooned by Sacha Baron Cohen 's comedy persona Borat . He said : ` I think this is a very good idea . ` After the world was introduced to Borat , people have the impression that everyone here lives on a farm and sleeps with donkeys . PR offensive : Military chiefs hope the competition will attract hundreds of young men to join up . Emil Efremov , 32 , said of the competition : ` I think this is a very good idea . After the world was introduced to Borat , people have the impression that everyone here lives on a farm and sleeps with donkeys ' Soldiers Amanzholova Madina Amanzholovna -LRB- left -RRB- and Lunara Baimukhametova -LRB- right -RRB- . ` These photos show that Kazakh women are as beautiful as any others . I have voted for all of them . ' The MoD spokesman said : ` The winner will receive a cash prize and have the knowledge of knowing she is the most beautiful woman soldier in Kazakhstan . ` And hopefully , she 'll have the pleasure of knowing she attracted hundreds of young men to join up . ' Emil Efremov said : ` These photos show Kazakh women are as beautiful as any others . I voted for them all ' An MoD spokesman said : ` The winner will receive a cash prize and have the knowledge of knowing she is the most beautiful woman soldier in Kazakhstan '