A 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times in four months while working as a services technician is hoping to use an insanity defense , claiming she was ` vulnerable , passive and gullible ' and suffers from mental illness . Brett Robinson is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year . The case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry , 39 , who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist . Robinson , who worked in a maximum security control room known as ` the bubble ' , struck up a relationship with the inmate - who has not been named - in a nearby cell . The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson 's manager left the room . ` Gullible ' : Brett Robinson , 32 , is facing 12 charges after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell at Washington County Jail and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year . Charged : Robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket . According to a psychologist 's report obtained by Oregon Live , Robinson felt flattered by the compliments she got from the inmate and started to ` open up to him ' early last year . Then , in March , the inmate asked for a kiss on his birthday . When her manager went to lunch , Robinson released the inmate from his cell and brought him into the bubble . She thought it strange that he brought a blanket with him from the cell , the report said . ` He kissed me so passionately , I was taken aback . ` I asked about the blanket . ` He said `` I was hoping we could go farther '' . ` Then he was saying `` we do n't have time to discuss this '' , so I had sex with him . ' They continued having sexual encounters , the report said , and Robinson wrote the inmate a love letter that began with ` Hi Baby ' . The letter said : ` I am hoping this letter will better convey the love I feel deep inside for you . ... You are a constant presence in my thoughts , fantasies and dreams , and I feel this pervasive emptiness without you by my side . It makes it hard to go about my normal daily activities when all I do is miss you . You are my everything , Baby -- I could not envision my life without you in it . ' New protocol : In the wake of the scandal , the Washington County Jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again . On trial : Brett Robinson , 33 , faces charges of first-degree custodial sexual misconduct and first-degree official misconduct . However the relationship began to sour when Robinson started hearing about the abusive conduct of the inmate elsewhere in the prison . He had passed a sexually explicit note to a nurse and also pushed a female prisoner against a wall and kissed her . The psychologist noted that Robinson was delusional about the man . The report also said she had struggled with depression and anxiety since childhood . ` There is evidence that these delusions developed in this generally vulnerable , passive and gullible woman as part of a Major Depressive and Anxiety episode , ' the doctor wrote . Robinson was caught when the inmate brought up their relationship to a prison employee during an investigation about Jill Curry . The prosecution is fighting against Robinson using the insanity defense . In March Curry was sentenced to four years and two months prison . That case was very similar to the allegations against Robinson . Curry was also a services technician and was convicted of letting gang member Jang-Li Delgado Galban , 25 , who was housed in the jail 's maximum-security unit , out of his cell and have sex with him in a supply closet . Ex-Washington County Jail staffer Jill Curry , 39 , cries in court last month as she was sentenced to more than four years in prison for repeatedly having sex with an inmate in a supply closet . Curry , who is married to a sheriff 's deputy , pleaded guilty last month to custodial sexual misconduct and other charges stemming from her contact with Delgado Galban . Authorities said the sexual misconduct occurred while a deputy was at lunch , when Curry , a civilian jail services technician , was alone in the unit 's control room , reports The Oregonian . Curry pushed a button to unlock the inmate 's cell and the pair would then meet in the supply closet to have sexual relations . This occurred 13 times , said prosecutor Jeff Lesowski . A probation officer who conducted a pre-sentencing investigation had recommended a prison sentence of less than two years , which the defense asked the judge to impose . Judge Bailey went above the state 's recommendation when sentencing Curry . The Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office first started their investigation into Curry 's actions on July 8 , 2014 , when someone called into the professional standards unit to report the jail services technician . Curry had claimed that Jang-Li Delgado Galban , a 25-year-old gang member housed in the jail 's maximum-security unit , had seduced her . Curry was placed on administrative leave that day , pending a criminal investigation . She had been working in the sheriff 's office since October 2004 , serving different parts of the jail including booking , inmate units and the control center . An article published in The Oregonian in 2010 said that in December 2009 , Delgado-Galban , then 20 years old , allegedly broke into a woman 's apartment in Hillsboro and raped her . The suspect later agreed to a plea deal , as part of which he admitted to one count of burglary with the intent to commit rape in exchange for having the rape charges dropped . In December 2010 , Delgado-Galban was sentenced to three years and eight months in prison , and ordered to register as a sex offender upon his release . But according to sheriff 's officials , he failed to meet the conditions of the plea agreement , which landed him behind bars in the Washington County Jail where he encountered Curry . In the wake of the scandal , the Washington County Jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again .