Super-fit Amy Hughes , 26 , decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year , to raise money for a friend 's daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour . The sports therapist started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27 . Incredibly , the challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record . Super fit Amy Hughes , 26 , decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year , to raise money for a friend 's daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour . The sports therapist also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley -LRB- right -RRB- - who was part of her support crew , and cycled alongside Amy for 26 miles every day throughout her challenge . But the athlete also ran into a new relationship after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew . The couple 's friendship blossomed during the world record marathon challenge which saw Dave cycling alongside Amy for 26 miles every day . Dave said : ` Neither of us expected to fall in love , it just happened . We are really happy and I am so proud of Amy . ' Dave , who works in the security profession , has been constantly by Amy 's side since she completed the marathons as she attends major events and speaking engagements . ` Neither of us expected to fall in love , it just happened , ' said Dave , who works in the security profession . ` We are really happy and I am so proud of Amy ' The incredible world record has seen Amy raise £ 30,000 for charity and become the face of sportswear specialists Brooks and lingerie company Panache . She is also involved with the Dame Kelly Holmes Trust and has teamed up with the iconic children 's programme Blue Peter . Amy said : ` Following my 53 marathons in 53 days challenge last year , I 've been approached and given some fantastic opportunities . ' Following her 53 marathons in 53 days challenge Amy is currently working with Blue Peter and the Dame Kelly Holmes Trust to encourage more children to get active . She continued : ` I have spoken at Running Expos which has been amazing and I am currently working with Blue Peter at the BBC . ` I have been training one of their presenters , Lindsey Russell , to run her first marathon at the London Marathon this year . ' ` I 've decided to take on the challenge myself , but I will not only be running the marathon , I will also be running the 220-mile journey from my hometown Oswestry to London ahead of the big day . ' ` I will also be starting from the celebrity start line which is unbelievable . ' Amy is also attending the Running Awards 2015 at the O2 Arena in London on April 24 to receive her ` best running moment of the year ' award . Dave has been constantly by Amy 's side since she completed the 53 marathons as she attends major events and speaking engagements including the upcoming Running Awards 2015 at the O2 Arena in London where she will be presenting an award as well as receiving the ` best running moment of the year ' trophy . She added : ` I am also honoured to be presenting an award on the night . ' ` One message I 'm keen to promote is the importance of regular exercise and activities in schools . ` To add to all of this , I am currently working for The Dame Kelly Holmes Trust , and have a lot of exciting projects on the horizon . ' ` In a few months I 'll be swapping my running shoes for a bike and cycling from London to Paris in aid of the worthwhile cause . ' ` I was touched at the support and encouragement I received both during and after my 53:53 venture and it too has motivated and inspired me to start up my own charity , The 53 Foundation , which will raise money to help people with disabilities get active . ' ` I completed my 53 marathons challenge in Brooks Running shoes and have always been a big fan so I 'm delighted to have been given the opportunity to join the team as a Brooks ambassador . ' ` In a few months I 'll be swapping my running shoes for a bike and cycling from London to Paris , ' says Amy , who is keen to promote is the importance of regular exercise and activities in schools . The incredible world record breaking 53:53 challenge has seen Amy raise £ 30,000 for charity and become the face of sportswear specialists Brooks and lingerie company Panache . Amy will be taking on the challenge of the London marathon this year , but will also be running the 220-mile journey from her hometown Oswestry , Shropshire to London ahead of the big day .