Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba over a possible move from Juventus . The Italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the France international . Pogba and his representatives are understood to have met PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi in Monte Carlo on Tuesday . When asked the president replied told French press : ` Why did I meet with Pogba ? Because he 's a great talent , he 's French and he 's from Paris . That said , all the big clubs want him . ' Barcelona have also shown an intention to bid for Pogba . Their transfer embargo however means a deal would be agreed where the player remains in Turin until next January . Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba over a possible move from Juventus . PSG striker Edinson Cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday as he discusses his options . PSG do not wish to sell the striker but Cavani is intrigued by calls from Juventus . Atletico Madrid have also expressed an interest with Mario Mandzukic weighing up offers from England . PSG striker Edinson Cavani is considering his options and could be set for a move away from Paris . Sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas . The 29-year-old has had a decent run in City 's first team of late but overall has been disappointing since his £ 15million transfer from Sevilla in 2013 . Navas has had his family around him in Manchester , including his brother Marco playing briefly for Bury , yet he is understood to be interested in a return to Spain . Finance will be a stumbling block even though Sevilla are challenging to qualify for the Champions League . They will not be able to match Navas 's wages and would offer around £ 7million . Sevilla are weighing up a move for Manchester City 's 29-year-old winger Jesus Navas . Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan 's main transfer target for the summer despite the obvious financial difficulties of signing a 31-year-old player on £ 200,000 a week . They have drawn up a provisional back-up list which as reported previously in Sportsmail includes Alex Song of Barcelona and Lucas Leiva of Liverpool . Another player who has come into their reckoning though is Udinese 's Allan Marques Loureiro . The 24-year-old Brazilian is a box to box midfielder and also has a Portuguese passport . Song , on loan at West Ham , also has interest from AC Milan . The Rossoneri could be in new ownership soon as Silvio Berlusconi will meet with prospective buyer Bee Taechaubol tonight . Inter are continuing to work on a loan deal for Stevan Jovetic at City too . City midfielder Yaya Toure -LRB- left -RRB- remains Inter Milan 's main transfer target for the summer . Stoke have made an enquiry about Dnipro flyer Yevhen Konoplyanka . The Ukraine winger was the subject of a failed bid from Liverpool over a year ago but will be out of contract in the summer . Tottenham had a deal in place earlier this year but that has now been shelved while Everton also wanted to sign him . The 25-year-old has been offered £ 2.5 million a year tax free by Turkish side Galatasaray yet is keen on a move to the Premier League or Italy where Roma have the strongest interest . Stoke are unlikely to be his destination but they are showing ambition in their moves this window and want to inject pace with their latest signings . They have held talks about a £ 4m deal for Evian 's Daniel Wass , 25 , and asked about Yannick Bolasie of Crystal Palace . Stoke also had scouts at Le Havre last weekend to watch defender Ferland Mendy , 19 , who has interest from Sampdoria , Sporting Braga , Standard Liege and Basle too . Stoke have made an enquiry about Yevhen Konoplyanka -LRB- left -RRB- , who will be out of contract this summer . Everton have interest from clubs in midfielder Mohamed Besic . The 22-year-old German-born Bosnia international has shown glimpses of his potential this season following his £ 4.8 m arrival from Ferencvaros last summer . He also impressed at the World Cup in Brazil . Besic has picked up 11 yellow cards and can tread a fine line disciplinary-wise at times but Everton are keen to keep him . Roberto Martinez is a confirmed fan but the fact Besic has not started regularly has prompted clubs to check whether there is potential to strike a deal . Everton are looking for another midfielder , two forwards and a left-sided centre-back . They have also checked on Aberdeen 's promising midfielder Ryan Jack , 23 . Interest from Arsenal and Tottenham also remains in James McCarthy but his price tag or Everton 's reluctance to listen to offers will make that difficult . 22-year-old Everton midfielder Mohamed Besic has been attracting interest from European clubs . Real Madrid may need to pay Iker Casillas £ 10million to leave . The future of the 33-year-old goalkeeper is under scrutiny every day and his form has not been what is should be . That has prompted more calls for Madrid to bring in David de Gea from Manchester United but first Casillas would need to move on . He is contracted until 2017 and earns around £ 5.75 m a year . In terms of recognition for his service , his advisers would push for the club to pay him his outstanding salary on the contract . Real Madrid could end up paying veteran goalkeeper Iker Casillas £ 10million to leave the club . David de Gea is tempted by a return to Madrid but has still to decisively make up his mind on when that should be . Although Arsenal have been linked with Casillas , there are reservations about his form , something that has also been questioned within the Madrid dressing room . MLS sides and those in the Middle East have shown an interest in Casillas should he opt to go . Key for Madrid , and United , is that any impending transfer ban will either accelerate decisions to buy or put blocks on sales . David de Gea is tempted with a move to Madrid , but could yet stay loyal to Manchester United . Crystal Palace and West Brom have shown an interest in Montpellier defender Daniel Congre . Congre , 30 , can play at right-back , centre-back and left-back . He could be available for a cut-price deal of just £ 1.4 m . The defender is currently considering a contract extension from the Ligue 1 outfit . Crystal Palace and West Brom have shown an interest in Montpellier defender Daniel Congre -LRB- left -RRB- . Bradford City striker Billy Clarke is a man in demand this summer . The Cork-born forward is Bradford 's top scorer with 13 goals this season but has one year left on contract and is a target for the likes of Wigan , Peterborough , Preston and Sheffield United . Bradford City striker Billy Clarke is a target for the likes of Wigan , Peterborough and Sheffield United .