The family of a man shot dead by a reserve deputy who confused his weapon for his Taser has slammed the gunman 's decision to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas while out on bond . Robert Bates , 73 , appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris , who was killed during a botched sting on April 2 . Despite the charges , the judge said that the retired insurance executive , who is out on $ 25,000 bond , is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas , NBC reported . Harris ' family reacted to the decision in a statement released by their lawyer . Heading to court : Robert Bates , left , is seen walking to court on Tuesday morning with his attorney Corbin Brewster , right , before he entered his not-guilty plea in the death of Eric Harris earlier this month . ` Mistake ' : The 73-year-old reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on April 2 . ` Whether intended or not , Mr. Bates ' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric 's life , ' they said . ` At a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street , Mr. Bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege . ' It is not clear when he is leaving for the holiday but Bates will next appear in court on July 2 . Bates has previously visited the Bahamas with the sheriff , Stanley Glanz , and another reserve deputy and paid for part of Glanz 's trip . Bates , a Tulsa County volunteer , shot Harris , 44 , after the man was confronted during an undercover gun-sale operation and ran past him . Video of the incident shows Bates chasing after Harris . In an attempt to subdue him , Bates went to grab his Taser , but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead . In the video , which was released by the sheriff 's office , Bates can be heard shouting ` Taser ! Taser ! ' When the gunshot goes off , he says : ` I shot him ! I 'm sorry . ' The fatally-wounded man can be heard saying : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man ' before adding : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ! ' In separate news conferences on Monday , the county sheriff and lawyers for Harris ' family disagreed on whether the reserve officer should have been allowed to conduct police work . Sheriff Stanley Glanz said Bates , his longtime insurance agent and former campaign manager , had been properly trained and passed annual firearms certifications required by the state . Charged : Bates -LRB- left in his mug shot -RRB- shot Harris -LRB- pictured right -RRB- and faces four years in prison if convicted . Shooting : This photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up Bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in Tulsa earlier this month . Harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . Terrified : The fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies -LRB- pictured -RRB- , says : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man . ' He then adds : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ' Dan Smolen , a lawyer for Harris ' family , said the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office violated a number of its internal policies by letting Bates carry his personal handgun after training with another weapon . Smolen also said the department failed to keep a permanent record of Bates ' training , in violation of local policies . Records Bates released during the weekend showed that the volunteer officer was trained on a .45 , not the weapon used in Harris ' death . Bates , who sold his insurance business for $ 6 million in 1999 , was trained to be a Tulsa Police Department patrolman in 1964 but left in 1965 . He was out of law enforcement for 35 years , returning for volunteer work in Florida in 2000 before joining the Tulsa County force in 2008 and making a number of donations to the agency . He also was Glanz ' campaign manager during the 2012 election . During an appearance on the Today show last week , he apologized to Harris ' family . Anger : Harris ' son Aidan Fraley -LRB- pictured right with his uncle Andre Harris a week after his father 's death -RRB- , has said the police officers who allowed Bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death . Confusion : An image shows a Taser and a handgun similar to the weapons Bates was carrying . He mistakenly thought he was holding a Taser , not his handgun , when he fatally shot Eric Harris . ` First and foremost let me apologize to the family of Eric Harris , ' he said . ` I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret ... I still ca n't believe it happened . ' He also insisted that , despite keeping his gun and Taser on different parts of his uniform , it was easy to confuse the two . ` This has happened a number of times around the country , I have read about it in the past , ' Bates said . ` I thought to myself after reading several cases , ` I do n't understand how this can happen ' . You must believe me - it can happen to anyone . ' Harris ' son responded by saying that the volunteer deputy was too old to be on the police force . ` He should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad , ' Aidan Fraley said , NBC reported .