They are already talented actresses , one a Hollywood star . But now Aussies Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto are about to add another string to their bow . The Bridesmaids star and daughter of famed Australian actor Barry Otto have , along with fellow actress Krey Boylan , film director Shannon Murphy and PR maven Jessica Carrerea , have launched their very own all female film production company called The Doll House Collective . Byrne believes , in an age where Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook , Arianna Huffington of Huffington Post and Marissa Mayer of Yahoo dominating powerful positions , it 's about time they become strong , female leaders in film . Dolled up : Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have joined up in new film-making collaboration ` The Doll House ' Byrne says when Bridesmaids came out , people 's first reaction was to be surprised that women could be so funny . Her hope down the track is that they can bring more gender equality in . ` I 'd love to get to a day when people did n't say ` Wow , we did n't know women were so funny ' and we have to be like , ` What ? We 're not a group of dolphins ! ' Byrne said in an interview with Vogue Australia . Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women , and said the speech she gave in a TED talk about the benefits of having women in companies was inspirational . Film feminism : The five Australian women want to bring a female body to the film-making industry . Referencing Sandberg , Byrne said it is not only better for your home life , sex life and for the company to have woman in positions of power , both in terms of decision-making , collaborating or delegating . ` Cate Blanchett put it so beautifully in her Oscar 's speech about women being consumers - women want to see women doing stunts - there is a market for that ! ' The quintet will collaborate together on films , share ideas and creative advice , and even provide financial support to each other 's projects . Powerful people : Rose Byrne wants new production company to follow in feminist foot steps of Arianna Huffington -LRB- left -RRB- and Sheryl Sandberg -LRB- right -RRB- . The women liken it to the female equivalent of Blue-Tongue Films , four men who have collaborated to produce a film-making company . Instead of there being only one actor , one director , if they are working on a short film , they all look out for each other , says Otto , so that is there hope for The Doll House . According to Boylan , they were all supporting each other anyway , so they thought it was time they made it official . Fierce and funny : Referencing Bridesmaids , Byrne says women can be funny and intelligent , not just dolphins . And the ball is already rolling , with Byrne set to be the executive producer in Boylan 's next film project ` Seriously Red . ' ` I 've never done anything in a producer capacity before but have long had the desire ... It can be a lonely business , especially as an actor . ` And I 'm tired of talking about how it 's lonely instead of taking the reigns and producing and creating my own work , ' said Byrne . In vogue : ` The Doll House Collective ' girls feature in exclusive May issue of Vogue Australia . And with their collective talents combined , these leading Australian women are a force to be reckoned with . Otto says with all their own established work and contacts internationally , they will definitely be taken seriously . The full exclusive interview is available in the May issue of Vogue Australia , on sale Tuesday 21st April .