An MS sufferer who died in an alleged assisted suicide left a recording of her nightmare life and frustration with not being able to travel to Switzerland to die , a court has heard . Bernadette Forde was found dead in a wheelchair in the sitting room of her home in Dublin on June 6 , 2011 , with a dictaphone which had recorded her ` suicide note ' . In the first trial of its kind in Ireland , the carer of the 51-year-old , Gail O'Rorke , has been charged with helping her to kill herself . Gail O'Rorke , pictured centre , has pleaded not guilty to helping Bernadette Forde commit suicide in June 2011 . She was found dead in her wheelchair with a recorded ` suicide note ' saying she could n't live anymore . The jury sitting at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- were played the tape recorded by Ms Forde , aged 51 , who said : ` I just ca n't live with his anymore . It 's just my life is s ** t. . . everything is just a nightmare ' The 43-year-old taxi driver pleaded not guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to three charges . On Wednesday the recording left by Ms Forde , from Donnybrook , was played to the jury and heard he say her plan to die was ` me , totally me , and nobody else ' . ` I knew what I wanted to do . I just ca n't live with this anymore . It 's just my life is s ** t , ' she said . ` I just ca n't keep going on with everything ... everything is just a nightmare . ' O'Rorke , who started working for Ms Forde as a cleaner before becoming her carer , is accusing of making arrangements for the wheelchair-bound woman to travel to Zurich in Switzerland , and also helping her to buy and administer a toxic substance between April and June 2011 . She is also alleged to have helped Ms Forde plan her funeral . The court heard a letter had been sent by Dignitas general secretary Ludwig A Minelli which gave Ms Forde the ` provisional green light ' to attend the clinic in Zurich . It was also revealed that gardai were alerted to Ms Forde 's plans to travel to Switzerland by a travel agent in Rathgar , south Dublin . O'Rorke -LRB- pictured -RRB- was a cleaner and carer for Ms Forde . It is alleged that she helped the MS sufferer buy a ` toxic ' substance over the internet so she could kill herself . O'Rorke was in Kilkenny the night Ms Forde died . Ireland decriminalised suicide in 1993 but the jury was told assisting a suicide remains an offence . The trial heard Ms Forde was confined to a wheelchair in 2008 after suffering substantial injuries in a car accident in the car park of department store Brown Thomas in Dublin . She spent four months in St James ' Hospital and underwent three liver operations and had both her knees shattered after leg spasms forced her foot on to the accelerator of her car causing the crash . Ms Forde told how she could not use a specially ordered bed , she could not raise her legs on to a mattress , she was losing the ability to write and even medical appointments were becoming too difficult . O'Rorke did her hair , her shopping and hitched Ms Forde 's dresses up to allow her to go to the toilet while sitting . Ms Forde was given the provisional green light to go to the Dignitas Clinic in Zurich , Switzerland -LRB- pictured -RRB- for an assisted suicide , but her travel agent tipped off the police before she was able to make the journey . In a recording played to the court , Ms Forde said she used a dictaphone to record her final words because her ability to write had deteriorated , and had sourced the drugs she used to kill herself over the internet . The dictaphone recording revealed her hopes of a death in Dignitas had been dashed and how she had been unaware assisting her to travel could be illegal . ` After the Dignitas experience I realised that I had to do whatever I did on my own that I ca n't even talk to someone in case they are implicated , ' Ms Forde said . ` I have no help now at all . It 's very difficult . I ca n't even talk to someone now . ' Ms Forde said she saw information about Exit International , which advocates the legalisation of euthanasia , while watching the Late , Late Show on Irish television . The court heard allegations that O'Rorke -LRB- pictured -RRB- helped Ms Forde commit suicide by helping her buy the drug that killed her . She denies all the charges . She said she had sourced drugs for her death online . ` It 's just so difficult that , you know , I just ca n't do any of this again or any more , ' she said . ` Hiding it from friends has been difficult . It 's just so unfair that you ca n't come in contact with anyone that I have to be totally alone . No-one , that 's just it . ' Ms Forde said a suicide note might not be possible because her writing had deteriorated . ` That 's why I 'm using this , I hope that it will make my wishes , my intention clear to anyone who wants to question it afterward because it 's me and totally me and nobody else , ' she said . ` I suppose I 'm just very frustrated that it has to be this way - why it 's like that in Ireland , why I ca n't get to Dignitas where it could all have been done . ' Ms Forde is heard apologising a number of times and insisting that she did not want anyone to get into trouble in connection with her death . She added : ` It should not be a question mark because it 's what I wanted and what else can I do . ` I 'm sorry again but it 's just ... I do n't know ... I have to say , this bloody country . ' The trial is expected to last about two weeks . Remy Farrell , senior counsel for the Irish State , said that the death of Ms Forde 's sister from cancer in 2010 acted as a catalyst for her to consider euthanasia . He told the jury she had bought a ` toxic substance ' over the internet , and alleged that O'Rorke was instrumental in obtaining the drug , making payment and that she was in the house with Ms Forde when the package was delivered . O'Rorke was on a hotel break in Kilkenny on the night of the death . Mr Farrell ended his opening statement to the jury by advising them that the trial was not a forum to debate the controversial subject of assisted suicide . The trial continues . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .