Raheem Sterling will escape a club punishment after the Liverpool forward was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide . The England international is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday and he will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called ` hippy crack ' . Rodgers questioned Sterling 's professionalism on Monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in Southport having taken nitrous oxide with two unnamed friends . Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . This is the second time Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . It has been a chastening week for Sterling . Pictures were published on Sunday of him smoking a shisha pipe and a different set of images surfaced on Tuesday of Sterling and team-mate Jordon Ibe at a shisha cafe in London . The pictures are believed to have been taken last September . Liverpool offered no comment on those photos . The club maintain the matter will be dealt with internally but he is not going to be fined . Sterling enraged Liverpool after saying in a BBC interview that he was ` flattered ' to be linked with Arsenal . It is understood , however , that Arsenal have gone cold on Sterling , who scored in Liverpool 's 2-0 win over Newcastle on Monday . All talks about his future have been put on hold until the end of the campaign but Ian Ayre , Liverpool 's chief executive , issued a strong line yesterday , insisting that Sterling -- who has turned down a contract in the region of £ 100,000 per week -- would be at Anfield for a ` long time ' . Ayre said : ` Raheem 's agent has asked that we park all discussions regarding his future until the summer . We respect that . Raheem is a Liverpool player and has two years left on his contract . We expect Raheem Sterling to be here for a long time . ' It appears that Sterling and Ibe have a shisha pipe apiece and are also drinking Fanta . Sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend . Sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as ` hippy crack ' Sterling celebrates after scoring Liverpool 's opening goal in Monday night 's 2-0 win over Newcastle United . Sterling celebrates with Ibe after scoring in Monday night 's Premier League match at Anfield . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities .