A police corruption trial in Philadelphia is far from over , but already one trial witness has been handed a losing verdict . Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana . Kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing . Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana . He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest . That history came as news to officials at Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy in suburban Bryn Mawr . Kushner had passed a background check when he was hired to coach basketball in 2010 , head of school Sharon Levin told The Philadelphia Inquirer . Kushner testified that the 2007 charges were expunged as part of a probationary sentence . On cross-examination , he acknowledged that he was arrested again in 2011 and sentenced to four years of probation . He also pleaded guilty to driving under the influence in 2008 . This undated photo combination provided by the Philadelphia Police Department shows from top left to right , Philadelphia Police officers Thomas Liciardello , Brian Reynolds , Michael Spicer , and from bottom left to right , Perry Betts , Linwood Norman and John Speiser , all of whom were arrested and charged in the 26-count indictment include racketeering conspiracy , extortion , robbery , kidnapping and drug dealing . Kushner told the newspaper that he never meant to deceive the school , where he worked as a seasonal employee . And he believes he is innocent of the 2011 charges . ` All of the stuff that happened in 2007 , that was eight years ago and was a bad phase of my life that I 've moved past and never really looked back , ' Kushner said Wednesday . `` I 'm very sorry , and I want the best for the kids . '' He also coaches in a Narberth summer league , where director Dan Kazanicka described him as an excellent coach who is good with kids . Lawyers for the six former drug squad officers accused of racketeering have said the government case is based on 19 lying drug dealers and a rogue ex-cop .