Justin Rose will make his first appearance since finishing second in the Masters in the Zurich Classic of New Orleans , an event where he has an impressive recent record . Former US Open champion Rose , who was joint second with Phil Mickelson behind Jordan Spieth at Augusta National , has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at TPC Louisiana . Since missing the cut in 2011 , the 34-year-old Ryder Cup star has finished 10th , 15th and eighth and is a total of 38 under par , with his last 12 rounds all at par or better . Justin Rose finished joint second in The Masters at Augusta National earlier this month . Rose returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans at TPC Louisiana this week . Rose will play alongside two other players who performed well in the Masters for the first two rounds , world number 13 Rickie Fowler finishing 12th and Steve Stricker - 28th in his first tournament of 2015 . Stricker underwent back surgery in December last year and will continue to play a limited schedule as he works his way back to full fitness , but the 48-year-old has not given up hope of another Ryder Cup appearance even though the Seniors Tour looms when he turns 50 . ` No matter what tournament I go to I want to be prepared and to play well and this is no different , ' Stricker told a pre-tournament press conference . ` Even though it 's only my second event , I have high expectations of what I can do and what I should do . So I come here thinking that I can play well , but deep down I know it 's a process and I 've got some work to do . Rose looks on as Jordan Spieth celebrates becoming Masters champion earlier this month . ` I 'm probably a little more relaxed with things now than I was say 10 years ago when I was trying to find my game . I would say that I 'm more comfortable in my own skin and what I do out here on tour is just kind of bonus . ` I 've kind of relaxed my schedule the last few years , so that 's probably why I have this attitude about playing . I 'm much more excited to play when I do come to an event because I 'm not playing as much . I enjoy my time at home probably more so because I 'm spending bigger blocks of time at home . Steve Stricker -LRB- right -RRB- is making his way back to full fitness after back surgery last December and will also play in the Zurich Classic of New Orleans . ` So right now I have really the best of both worlds and that 's what I 'll continue to do all the way up to the senior tour when I start playing some of that . ` I 'm still very competitive though . I say I 'm pretty relaxed and casual with things . But when it comes down to it , I really still want to win again and play well and maybe make another team event before all is said and done . So I still have some drive in there . '