To celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Hubble Space Telescope tomorrow , Nasa has released an image of a fantastic tapestry of stars snapped by the orbiting observatory . The image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 inside a stellar ` breeding ground ' called Gum 29 , 20,000 light-years from Earth . In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars . Scroll down for video . A stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 located about 20,000 light-years from the planet earth in the constellation Carina is shown in this image taken by the Hubble Space Telescope , released today to celebrate the silver anniversary of Hubble 's launch . Hubble was launched on 24 April 1990 aboard Space Shuttle Discovery . Despite a shaky start , when its primary mirror was ground to the wrong shape , Hubble soon began returning fantastic images of the distant universe , to the delight of scientists and the public alike on Earth . And this latest image is no exception , revealing a fascinating cluster of stars in the constellation Carina . The telescope , when it was first devised , was ambitious to say the least - it is 43ft -LRB- 12.3 metres -RRB- long and 14ft -LRB- 4.2 metres wide -RRB- . It orbits Earth at a height of about 345 miles -LRB- 555 km -RRB- at a speed of 16,000 mph -LRB- 27,750 km/h -RRB- , with its instruments finely tuned to account for its movement . It is able to image the universe in near-infrared , visible light and ultraviolet . It 's estimated that the telescope can continue operating until 2020 , when it will overlap with the James Webb Space Telescope , which is set to launch in 2018 . ` Hubble has completely transformed our view of the universe , ' said John Grunsfeld , astronaut and associate administrator of Nasa 's Science Mission Directorate . ` This vista of starry fireworks and glowing gas is a fitting image for our celebration of 25 years of amazing Hubble science . ' Hubble captured the image using its Wide Field Camera 3 , which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas around the stellar nursery using near-infrared light . The cluster is between six and 13 light-years across but only two million years old , and thus contains some of the hottest , brightest and most massive stars in the galaxy . Some of the biggest stars in the cluster unleash torrents of ultraviolet light and hurricane-force winds of charged particles that disrupt the surrounding cloud of hydrogen gas . Inside the nebula is a fantasy landscape of pillars , ridges and valleys made of gas - the fuel for new stars . Some of the pillars are several light-years tall and point towards the centre of the cluster , while other dense regions surround the pillars . As the clusters is very young in astronomical terms , it has not had time to disperse its stars into deep space , so it provides astronomers an opportunity to gather information on how clusters like this form . Hubble 's near-infrared imaging camera pierces through the dusty veil enshrouding the stellar nursery , giving astronomers a clear view of the dense concentration of stars in the central cluster , shown . Westerlund 2 is surrounded by the star-forming region Gum 29 . The heaviest cluster stars are unleashing a torrent of ultraviolet radiation and hurricane-force winds streaming with charged particles , etching away the enveloping hydrogen gas cloud from where the cluster formed . The red dots scattered throughout the landscape around Westerlund 2 are a rich population of newly forming stars still wrapped in their gas-and-dust cocoons . These tiny , faint stars are between 1 million and 2 million years old and have not yet ignited the hydrogen in their cores . Hubble 's near-infrared vision allows astronomers to identify these fledgling stars . The pillars in the star-forming region surrounding Westerlund 2 , composed of dense gas , are a few light-years tall and point to the central cluster . They are thought to be incubators for new stars . Besides sculpting the gaseous terrain , intense radiation from the most brilliant of the cluster stars is creating a successive generation of baby stars . The bluish haze is an indicator of oxygen gas in the nebula . The image is part of a week of celebrations by Nasa to commemorate what is widely regarded as the most important space telescope of all . ` This is really an exciting week for astronomers and people who love astronomy all over the world , ' said Hubble scientist Jennifer Wiseman at a televised anniversary celebration at the Newseum in Washington , DC . Learning about the life cycle of stars was one of the reasons Hubble was built . By operating above distortions and blocking effects of Earth 's atmosphere , astronomers hoped to look farther back in time , at generations of stars and galaxies that formed closer to the Big Bang , some 13.7 billion years ago . But the mission almost start in disaster , when Nasa discovered a manufacturing flaw in the telescope 's 7.9 ft -LRB- 2.4-meter -RRB- diameter mirror . Corrective optics , installed by space-walking astronauts , saved the day in 1993 , the first of five servicing calls by Space Shuttle crews . ` We never thought it would last this long , ' said Nasa administrator and former astronaut Charlie Bolden , the pilot on the mission that launched Hubble . Nasa is celebrating the Hubble Space Telescope 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- 25th anniversary with a variety of events highlighting its groundbreaking achievements and scientific contributions with activities running April 20-26 . In its quarter-century in orbit , the observatory has transformed our understanding of our solar system and beyond , and helped us find our place among the stars . This is one of Hubble 's most iconic images : the Eagle Nebula 's Pillars of Creation . It shows the pillars as seen in visible light , capturing the multi-coloured glow of gas clouds , wispy tendrils of dark cosmic dust , and the rust-coloured elephants trunks of the nebulas famous pillars . The dust and gas in the pillars is seared by the intense radiation from young stars and eroded by strong winds . Here we see one of the universe 's most stately and photogenic galaxies , the Sombrero galaxy , Messier 104 -LRB- M104 -RRB- . The galaxy 's hallmark is a brilliant white , bulbous core encircled by the thick dust lanes comprising the spiral structure of the galaxy . As seen from Earth , the galaxy is tilted nearly edge-on . This dramatic image offers a peek inside a cavern of roiling dust and gas where thousands of stars are forming . The image , taken by the Advanced Camera for Surveys -LRB- ACS -RRB- aboard Hubble , represents the sharpest view ever taken of this region , called the Orion Nebula . More than 3,000 stars of various sizes appear in this image . Some of them have never been seen in visible light . Many of the telescope 's most important discoveries turned out to be in areas that did n't even exist when it was launched . Hubble 's observations of a particular kind of exploded star helped astronomers realise that the pace of the universe 's expansion is ramping up , propelled by some unknown force referred to as ` dark energy . ' Hubble also has imaged a planet beyond the solar system and scanned other planets ' atmospheres for telltale chemical fingerprints . The first so-called exoplanet was discovered in 1992 , two years after Hubble 's launch . ` Hubble has fundamentally changed our human understanding of our universe , ' Bolden said . Nasa hopes to keep Hubble operating through 2020 to overlap with its successor , the James Webb Space Telescope , due to launch in October 2018 .