A man has made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination of custard , jam and meat immortalised in popular TV show Friends . On the show hapless character Rachel decided to treat her loved ones to what she mistakenly thought was ` a traditional English trifle ' layered with all the trimmings - including ladyfingers , jam , custard , beef sautéed with peas and onions , a little more custard , bananas and some whipped cream . Now one brave Mancunian has whipped up their own version of the unusual concoction - replacing the beef with the far more traditional lamb . Scroll down for video . Neil Killham made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised on Friends 16 years ago . It features sponge , jam , custard , lamb , peas , onions , whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles . Neil Killham , a 32-year-old software engineer from Manchester , announced his plans on Twitter with a picture of his clashing ingredients with the caption : ` It 's finally time . I 'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends . ' Giving a running commentary on the social media site , Neil proudly showed off the finished masterpiece which actually looked very respectable - until he cut into it . He told his followers that while it does not taste like feet - as characters on the show claimed - it was still ` f ****** horrible ' . He added : ` But with enough nice trifle stuff that we keeping eating more of it . ' The trifle-shepherds pie combination did not look quite as appetising once it had been sliced into . Friends character Rachel Green -LRB- played by Jennifer Aniston -RRB- accidentally made the disgusting dessert . Neil posted this picture of a friend attempting a second go at the trifle pie - it does n't appear to have improved . ` I thought I 'd be able to compartmentalise the clashing flavours , but I can not . ' When MailOnline asked how it tasted , Neil , who shared the dish with friends , said : ` It tasted terrible of course - but not so bad that I could n't finish my slice . ` It 's the way you sometimes think you 've got lucky and got a nice pure trifle bite and then pow ! Lamb ! ' He said in the last year he has made curry flavoured cupcakes , a chilli cheesecake and a pancake pizza , among other things . ` Usually they kind of work , so I figured it was time to try something that definitely would n't , ' he said . ` Although when I tried sprouts in marmite that did n't work either , but it was n't as bad as this . ` A couple of people tried it with me last night and agreed it was terrible . Opinions were mixed on whether the lamb or the onion was the biggest problem . ` Then a couple of people at work also tried it and came to similar conclusions . ` Except for one guy who said `` it was n't that bad really . Not good , but not the worst '' . ` I 'm not sure I can trust him any more . ' The trifle looked distinctly unappetising when dished up on a plate - and apparently tasted even worse . In the show the dessert was described as half trifle , half shepherd 's pie after two pages in the English cookery book Rachel was using stuck together - but the creators mistakenly used beef instead of the lamb which is traditional in the pie . Towards the end of the season six episode the penny finally drops and Rachel says : ` I was n't supposed to put beef in the trifle ! ' If for some reason you would like to recreate this Heston Blumenthal-esque clash of flavours and textures , the recipe would appear to be : A layer of sponge , layer of jam , layer of custard , layer of raspberries , another layer of sponge , layer of lamb sautéed with peas and onions , a bit more custard , banana , and a topping of whipped cream garnished with hundreds and thousands .