Nicola Sturgeon scoffed at Ed Miliband 's attempts to rule out a post-election pact with the Scottish National Party last night as she said Labour had no chance of winning a majority on its own . The Scottish First Minister , whose party is on course for a landslide north of the border , said the Labour leader would soon ` change his tune ' . Mr Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a ` confidence and supply ' deal with the SNP , who look set to deprive his party of an outright win and could hold the balance of power . Scroll down for video . Could hold the balance of power : Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- left -RRB- , whose party is on course for a landslide north of the border , said Labour leader Ed Miliband -LRB- right -RRB- would soon ` change his tune ' Religious visit : Mr Miliband and his wife Justine meet Hindu devotees at the Shree Swaminarayan Temple in Willesden Green , north-west London , yesterday . But he again refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation . Critics said that would mean a weak Labour government having to negotiate day in , day out with SNP MPs . Miss Sturgeon has previously ruled out a formal coalition , but said she will seek to put Mr Miliband in No 10 even if Labour finishes 40 seats behind the Conservatives in a hung Parliament . Yesterday a YouGov/Sunday Times poll suggested the SNP could win 46 of Scotland 's 59 seats -- up from just six at present . Miss Sturgeon told LBC Radio : ` What Ed Miliband has got to recognise -LSB- is that -RSB- in a minority parliament , he wo n't have the votes simply to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may . Balancing act : Miss Sturgeon visits Jump Gymnastics community club in Cumbernauld , North Lanarkshire . ` Economic risk ' : London Mayor Boris Johnson -LRB- left -RRB- told the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show that there is ` no way Miliband -LRB- right -RRB- could conceivably govern except with the help of the SNP ' ` He is trying to continue to pretend that he is going to have a majority , and he is in danger , I think , of giving the impression that he does n't have very much respect for democracy , or for the votes of the Scottish people . Ramped up warnings : Home Secretary Theresa May . ` If the verdict of the people is to give neither of the big parties a majority ... my message to Ed Miliband remains as it has always been -- if we have got an anti-Tory majority , if we work together , we can lock the Tories out . ' The Conservatives yesterday ramped up their warnings over a Labour-SNP deal . Home Secretary Theresa May said Britain would face its gravest constitutional crisis since the 1936 abdication of Edward VIII . She added that English voters would not accept Scottish MPs having power over crucial issues in their lives . And London Mayor Boris Johnson told the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show : ` There is no way Miliband could conceivably govern except with the help of the SNP -- they 'd be crouching on his back like a monkey . ` The SNP pushing him even further to the Left would be a real economic risk for this country . ' Asked on the Andrew Marr Show if he thought he could win the election in Scotland , despite polls putting Labour more than 20 points behind , Mr Miliband said : ` I think we can . ' He said he had ` made it clear we 're not interested ' in deals , such as a ` confidence and supply ' arrangement where the SNP would agree to back Labour on important votes such as the Budget . But he refused to rule out relying on SNP votes for key legislation . David Cameron yesterday rejected criticism of the Tories ' warnings over a Labour-SNP pact , telling Sky News : ` It is the right and responsible thing to point out the dangers of that . ' Nicola Sturgeon 's party : SNP candidates have issued blood-curdling threats in recent weeks . SNP candidates have vowed to produce the British Establishment 's ` worst nightmare ' if they get into power with Labour . In a series of campaign videos and speeches , a string of SNP candidates have issued blood-curdling threats in recent weeks -- and warned that they will push Ed Miliband even further to the Left . Tommy Sheppard , the party 's candidate in Edinburgh East , boasted that last year 's independence referendum ` sent the British Establishment a message and gave them a shock ' , adding : ` On May 7 we can visit on them their worst nightmare . ' Mr Sheppard said the SNP would force Westminster to ` march to the rhythm of the people of Scotland ' . He also praised Labour 's notorious 1983 manifesto , dubbed the ` longest suicide note in history ' , saying it contained ` a lot of good thinking ' . Martin Docherty , SNP candidate for West Dunbartonshire , suggested the party would use power to take revenge for the way Scotland has been ` treated ' by England over centuries . John Nicolson , the party 's candidate in East Dunbartonshire , confirmed the SNP would use its influence to force Labour to scrap the replacement of Britain 's Trident nuclear deterrent . And Chris Law , SNP candidate for Dundee West , said : ` My neighbour 's house was burned down by the Suffragettes , so we know how to take radical action . I 'm not suggesting that you send me to London ... we 've been there before with Guy Fawkes . ` But if I 'm elected to Westminster I 'm going to make sure there 's fire in my belly , a loud voice and a strong fight to hold their feet to the fire for a roasting . ' Conservative vice-chairman Bob Neill said the ` dangerous ' comments underlined the threat posed by allowing the SNP to share power at Westminster . Mr Neill said : ` Their demands would never end and we would all pay for their economic chaos . The SNP are promising our `` worst nightmare '' , weak Ed Miliband at the mercy of Nicola Sturgeon -- the only way to stop it and protect the economy is to vote Conservative . '