A stunning Italian political candidate who has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis has denied using her looks to get votes . The relatively unknown Stefania La Greca was suddenly catapulted into the limelight after the sexy shots of the Lega Sud Ausoni party candidate went viral . But the 36-year-old , who is hoping to represent Caldoro in Campania , southern Italy after May 's regional elections , defended her photographs . Pictures of Stefania La Greca , who is running for local elections in southern Italy , have gone viral ahead of the elections in May . Ms La Greca -LRB- left -RRB- is a political candidate for the Lega Sud Ausonia party which wants independece while Nicola Sturgeon , is leader of the Scottish National Party . She told Italian TV show The Morning : ` I have not posted intimate photographs . The bikini ? And what woman does not wear it ? ' ` We must go beyond appearance . The truth is that in this country women are still judged and only as a sexual object . On her Facebook page , where she refers to her self as ` Divine ' , she has posted numerous pouting selfies and pictures of her in swimwear . Even Ms La Greca 's election poster features a picture of her wearing a skimpy black dress and pulling a sultry pose . On her social media page she said the snaps were not an attempt to boost her election campaign - she had simply been born beautiful . Ms La Greca added that she was ` free to express herself ' but complained about Italian attitudes towards women . She said : ` Mother Nature gave me the good fortune of being beautiful . ` But unfortunately , I am born in a context where woman are perceived as easy . ` I want to be different . I want to help my region . I am and want to be free to express myself . ' She also defended the name ` Divine ' saying it had been a nickname since she was a young girl and was now ` part of her . ' But the stunning 36-year-old has defended her pictures and denied she was using her looks to get votes . Ms La Greca 's election poster features her in a very short , black dress pulling a sultry pose to the camera . Ms La Greca , from the region of Campania in southern Italy , is standing for Lega Sud Ausonia - a small independent party that wants to see the region of Ausonia become independent . Ms La Greca 's sudden rise from obscurity to demand independence for her region echos the career of British politican Nicola Sturgeon . The Scottish National Party leader , recently shot up the popularity charts to be referred to as ` the only party leader with positive approval ratings ' after a series of election debates . She is also known for her style transformation and her cheeky side , after it was recently revealed she has an oil painting of ` Naughty Nicola ' hanging in her home . The photographs have split the opinions of voters with some criticizing the aspiring politician , while many more praised the sexy candidate . Writing on her Facebook page , local Domenico Vastarelli , said : ` You have all the skills to be a councillor . ' On her Facebook page she defended her pictures , claiming she had not chosen to be beautiful - it was simply down to nature . The photographs have split voters with some criticizing the aspiring politician , while many more praised the sexy candidate for Caldoro in Campania . Another , Fco Hernandez , posted : ` What a beauty you are . A beauty . ' And Davide Fabbri wrote : ` Magnificent !! You look good in a mini ... Sexy legs . Perfect ... Many congratulations !! ' Ms La Greca , from the region of Campania in southern Italy , is standing for Lega Sud Ausonia - a small independent party that wants to see the region of Ausonia become independent . It is led by Gianfranco Vestuto who said the infamous bikini shot of the candidate was a ` few years old . ' So far it has no representation in the Italian parliament , the European parliament or any regional or provincial assemblies but Ms La Greca is hoping to secure the first seat hen voters go the polls in the regional elections at the end of May .