Just over a year ago , Adam Johnson sat in a room with journalists at the Stadium of Light and talked about England and the forthcoming World Cup . He was n't sharing his opinion as a former international , but as one who genuinely hoped his exile was about to come to a deserved end . Johnson -- scorer of seven goals in as many matches for Sunderland -- believed he was worthy of a recall , 21 months on from a five-minute cameo in Norway 's Ullevaal Stadium during a Euro 2012 warm-up friendly . Adam Johnson -LRB- right -RRB- was accompanied by his lawyer as he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming . Johnson , an England international , was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago . Johnson -LRB- right -RRB- was wearing a black tracksuit as he arrived at Peterlee police station on Thursday . At 26 , was it plausible that Johnson had rediscovered the fearless form many suspected he had left behind on Teesside when he quit Middlesbrough -- the club who had expertly nurtured him -- for Manchester City in a £ 7million deal four years earlier ? For at the Etihad , amid the millionaires and the silverware , Johnson may have become a richer man , but he emerged a poorer player . In February of last year , however , and on the eve of a Capital One Cup final against the club at which his career had stalled , Johnson spoke of playing his ` best ever football ' and was n't joking when he revealed summer holiday plans were on hold in the hope of adding to his 12 caps in Brazil . Few argued . But Roy Hodgson was not aboard the ` Johnson for England ' bandwagon . Johnson scored seven times in seven games during a run last season , and was still an England prospect . Johnson leaves the Peterlee police station after learning of the charges against him . Johnson leaves Peterlee police station after being charged with three offences of sexual activity . The call never materialised and Sunderland -- beaten by City at Wembley -- finished the season fighting relegation , Johnson scoring just one goal in 16 matches as his form dipped . The eulogies which were written in the wake of his joyous January were , on reflection , a little premature . In fact , Johnson 's form has never recovered . Five goals from 31 appearances this season may well make him Sunderland 's top scorer , but that masks what have been subdued and often sluggish performances , even if he remains their likeliest match-winner . It is all a far cry from the skinny teenager who dared to dribble and made others dare to dream of the future which lay ahead . Debuting at 17 for Middlesbrough , he was billed as ` the next Stewart Downing ' . In 2005 , that was high praise . He made a mockery of full backs and , indeed , those who had likened him to Downing , for it quickly became apparent that Johnson had the potential to be better than his Boro team-mate . Johnson has made three Premier League appearances under new boss Dick Advocaat -LRB- right -RRB- . Ched Evans : Charged with rape in July 2011 but played for Sheffield United in September . Not released by club until end of the season . Jonathan Woodgate and Lee Bowyer : Not suspended by Leeds after charged with grievous bodily harm and affray in 2000 . Jody Morris : Leeds suspended him for two weeks after the player arrested in connection with rape charge , October 2003 . After six seasons at the Riverside , he was given the platform to prove as much . But at City , like so many young English talents , he regressed . There were concerns from within the club about his dedication and life away from football . His reputation , though , remained intact , such were the fleeting nature of his sightings in sky blue . To the outside observer , he was done an injustice by Roberto Mancini . And so Johnson was forgiven his uninspiring two-and-a-half years in Manchester when he signed for boyhood club Sunderland for £ 10million in the summer of 2012 . Last year , he reflected on his time at City . ` There is a temptation -LRB- to sign for them -RRB- , of course . The wages , you 're flattered when City are after you , but you 'll go there and be third choice , ' he said . ` When I was there , I was always the one who would be dropped when the manager rotated the team . I would n't sign for them now if I was a young English player . ' The winger played 81 minutes of Sunderland 's 2-0 defeat by Manchester United shortly before being arrested . Johnson has scored 20 goals for the Black Cats since signing for the club in 2012 . But perhaps Mancini was sound in his judgment . For although , during three seasons on Wearside , Johnson 's three goals in a trio of victories at North East rivals Newcastle have undoubtedly been the highlight , affording him terrace adulation , Sunderland had expected far more when they laid down an eight-figure sum and wages of £ 50,000 per week . Now , with Johnson having been charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming , they are facing up to a relegation run-in perhaps without the man in whom they have invested so heavily , should the club decide to suspend him . The future of both Sunderland and their star player hang in the balance . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .