It may come as a surprise to some - particularly Arsene Wenger and Pep Guardiola - but Jose Mourinho has revealed how Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to try to be a gracious manager . The Chelsea boss said in a wide-ranging interview with the Telegraph that the legendary Manchester United manager showed him ` two faces ' during their first competitive meeting in 2004 - the first one of a steely rival and the second one of a sporting loser . Mourinho had just made his first impression on the Champions League by knocking out United with unfancied Porto . The Portuguese sprinted down the touchline at Old Trafford in an unforgettable celebration of Porto 's last-gasp goal that sealed qualification and a seismic shock . Sir Alex Ferguson and Jose Mourinho formed a firm friendship despite being fierce rivals . Fergie 's Manchester United were stunned by Mourinho 's Porto in the Champions League in 2004 . Mourinho sprinted down the touchline in celebration at Porto 's last-gasp goal that sealed qualification . ` That was when I felt the two faces of such a big man , ' said Mourinho . ` The first face was the competitor , the man that tried everything to win . And after that I found the man with principles , with the respect for the opponent , with the fair play -- I found these two faces in that period , and that was very important for me . ` In my culture , the Portuguese and the Latin culture , we do n't have that culture of the second face ; we are in football to win and when we do n't there is not a second face most of the time . But when we beat United in the Champions League I got that beautiful face of a manager which I try to have myself . I try . ' Mourinho has attracted controversy like no other manager in the modern game . His many spats with Wenger have seen him form a bitter rivalry with the Arsenal boss , with Mourinho 's accusation in 2005 that the Frenchman is like ` a voyeur ' perhaps being the moment their relationship hit an all-time low , from which it has never recovered . Mourinho claims to have learned respect from Ferguson , but he has had many spats with Arsene Wenger . He also had a frosty relationship with Pep Guardiola when the pair were rival managers in Spain . The 52-year-old , who looks set to claim his third Barclays Premier League title with Chelsea this season , also formed a spiteful relationship with Guardiola while the pair duelled for honours in Spain . Arguably Mourinho 's lowest moment came in gouging the eye of Guardiola 's assistant , Tito Vilanova , in the closing stages of a Spanish Super Cup defeat for Real Madrid against Barcelona . After the match he referred to ` Pito ' Vilanova - using the Spanish slang for penis . A less surprising Mourinho revelation is that he has no close friends in English football . ` Some , we like each other and have some communication , but I can not say so close , ' he said .