England 's withdrawal from the historic Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations . Officials in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke , with no warning or consultation . This is seen as another example of FA ` arrogance ' following the English telling FIFA that they want to send Great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics without informing the other countries , who put the kybosh on the initiative . England 's Riess Nelson -LRB- right -RRB- puts pressure on Scotland 's Jack Adamson during the 2014 Victory Shield . England 's withdrawal from the event , as told by FA chairman Greg Dyke -LRB- left -RRB- , left the home nations fuming . And England 's desire to have more varied opposition for their Under 16 players is not going down well in Wales , the current holders of the Victory Shield . The FA say they have kept the tournament organisers in the loop and only revised their plans after Sky Sports cut their title sponsorship - which the TV station dispute - and wanted changes to the format . The remaining Victory Shield competitors are planning to invite another country from Europe to replace England . Meanwhile , there was some surprise that Dyke chose to go to the Premier League Under 21 cup final between Southampton and Blackburn last Monday rather than the FA Youth Cup final first leg between Manchester City and Chelsea at the Etihad academy . The FA say Dyke had business on the south coast . Champion jockey and Arsenal fan Tony McCoy , who retires from riding at Sandown on Saturday , will be feted at the Emirates Stadium when his schedule next allows him to watch the Gunners . Arsenal fan AP McCoy , who retires from a remarkable career on Saturday , will be honoured at the Emirates . Pele might be struggling physically with his knees at the age of 74 . But he 's certainly showing more clarity with his opinions on the game than he infamously did in the 2002 World Cup , when he picked Nicky Butt as player of the tournament . Pele , who was promoting an art exhibition inspired by his life at London 's Halcyon Gallery , made pertinent comments about Wayne Rooney , Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo , Eden Hazard , Oscar and Ramires . And about Brazil 's 7-1 thrashing by Germany in the World Cup semi-final , Pele said : ` One-nil or two-nil -- but seven goals was a disaster . Only God knows what happened . ' Pele , who 's the subject of an exhibition at a London gallery , says ` God only knows ' what happened to Brazil when they were thrashed 7-1 by Germany in the semi-final of their home World Cup last year . The ECB are running out of time to clinch a terrestrial highlights deal for the T20 Blast , which is considered hugely important for growing the game . Talks with ITV have stalled and the competition starts on May 15 . There are no highlights clauses in Sky 's exclusive deal and the rights holders would have to agree when the highlights were shown - adding to the complications . The ECB is racing against the clock to clinch a terrestrial highlights deal for the soon-to-commence T20 Blast . Agenda 's high horse . Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith and his supporters tweeted furiously that your Sports Agenda columnist knows nothing about gymnastics - fair point - after revealing upset in the sport about celebrity Smith being picked for the European Championships ahead of multi-discipline gymnasts when he competes only on the pommel horse . However the BBC 's gymnastics expert Craig Heap , who certainly is qualified to offer an opinion , said of Smith : ` To justify his place on the team he needs another piece of apparatus . ' BBC gymnastics expert Craig Heap said Louis Smith -LRB- pictured -RRB- needs to compete in more than the pommel horse to justify his place in the Great Britain team for the European Championships . West Ham 's pledge to cut ticket prices for their Olympic Stadium move has upset clubs who regard the move as cynical , given the Hammers ' favourable tenancy deal in Stratford . Spurs , who missed out on the venue , are particularly critical but there are other Premier League sides who blame London Legacy Development Corporation for not negotiating a better deal with West Ham . West Ham 's pledge to cut ticket prices for their Olympic Stadium -LRB- pictured -RRB- move has upset other clubs . Jim Boyce , Northern Ireland 's genial British vice-president on FIFA 's executive , has nevertheless upset the Scottish FA just a month before he stands down . The ever-helpful Boyce described the decision - reversed on appeal on Thursday night - to ban Inverness Caledonian Thistle defender Josh Meekings from the Scottish FA Cup final after a handball was missed by officials in the semi-final against Celtic as a ` ludicrous injustice ' that FIFA could overturn . The SFA say they acted entirely by their rulebook . British vice-president on FIFA 's executive Jim Boyce called Josh Meekings ' retrospective suspension from the Scottish FA Cup final after a missed handball a ` ludicrous injustice ' - it was overturned on Thursday .