Celebrity chef Pete Evans has lost yet another profitable deal after being dropped as a celebrity ambassador by the national salad chain , Sumo Salad . The food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to Evans ' recent paleo controversies , and maintains that the decision to not renew his two-year contract was made a long time ago . This comes at the same time that Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook ` Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way ' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month . Scroll down for video . Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain ` Sumo Salad ' This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns . The head of marketing for Sumo Salad , Petra Orrenius has told news.com.au that they had a positive collaboration with Pete Evans but had been with him for too long . They have decided to take their marketing in a different direction and this does not include Evans . Sumo Salad maintains that their decision was not due to Evans ' paleo controversies . ` I think often when you 're trying to make a difference you have to be a bit radical and stand out . We 've always been very supportive of Pete and we 're happy with that , ' Orrenius said . Pete Evans ' paleo cookbook for infants had been delayed over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth . ` In my view , there 's a very real possibility that a baby may die if this book goes ahead , ' said Professor Heather Yeatman , president of the Public Health Association of Australia . However , the book is reportedly set for release online amidst the controversy . ` We now know that -LSB- Bubba Yum Yum -RSB- will be released by the end of the month , ' Evans posted on his Facebook on Thursday afternoon . Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way is set to be self-published at the end of this month as a digital book . The book is co-authored by Charlotte Carr -LRB- left -RRB- who is also facing critics after it was revealed that she has been doing voice-overs for fast-food chains . His career as a judge on the hit TV show , ` My Kitchen Rules , ' is reportedly already on thin ice , but his co-authors are also facing their share of criticism . Australian Women 's Weekly have reported that Naturopath Helen Padarin has been slammed by the Health Care Complaints Commission with sources saying she breached their codes of conduct . She reportedly provided incorrect information over the nutritional comparisons between breastmilk and baby formula made of liver and bone broth - a recipe in Bubba Yum Yum . Blogger and co-author , Charlotte Carr has also joined negative headlines after it was revealed that she has been doing voice-overs for fast-food chains KFC , Coca-Cola and Cadbury 's whilst promoting a paleo lifestyle .