A skier in Switzerland proved that his dog is certainly his best friend when he brought it along to a snowy slope for a day of skiing . Videoed descending the crisp ski runs of the small resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair , Adrian Schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift . Perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog Sintha -- an Appenzeller mix according to the owner , who noted alongside the upload of the original video that he only knows the breed of the dog 's mother . The dog named Sintha appears to be entirely at ease as it sits across its owners shoulders . Once at the top , Mr Schaffner points his skis down the mountain and takes off at speed with the dog remaining calmly sat on his back . The dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind and the camera angle changes to show the skier 's descent . After a long ski to the bottom , Mr Schaffner comes to a stop and the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground . Mr Schaffner points his skis down the mountain and begins skiing at speed and the dog remains calmly sat on his back . The dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed and points its face into the wind . The skier smiles at the camera as the excited dog begins barking and running off in the snow . The video concludes with the dog -- who obviously loves snow -- chasing after some more skiers as they make their way down another section of mountain . Discussing the video , Mr Schaffner wrote : ` She grew up on a farm in the mountains pretty wild and more or less without any supervision . Mr Schaffner said the dog is used to being held because she spent a lot of time being carried after an accident . After a long ski to the bottom , Mr Schaffner comes to a stop and the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground . ` And she had severe problems with walking because of an accident with a biker when she was about five-weeks-old . She almost died . ` When we adopted her at the age of about 13 weeks , we had to carry her around . So she was used to it from the beginning . ` After some months her injuries completely healed -- but we kept trying to prevent long walks in her first year -- the doctor advised so . ` That time I started to carry her on my back . That 's why she is so comfortable with it . ' The dog jumps from its owners back and begins barking and running in the snow before chasing after other skiers . Mr Schaffner recorded the video of himself and his dog at the small skiing resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair .