A 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on Monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago . Alfred Guy Vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 , on Prince Edward Island last August . As he was escorted from the courtroom , he screamed : ` You 've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death ' , while the judge called the brutal double-murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' . Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 . Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving . Scroll down for video . ` Revenge ' : Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon -LRB- both pictured -RRB- , 39 , because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago . The defendant was told that he will not be eligible for parole for 35 years . Crash : Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 . Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , received a nine-month sentence . Above , a newspaper photo of the crash . After more than 40 years of torment , Vuozzo confronted the driver 's son , Brent , and grandson , Brendon , in their home on St Mary 's Road , near the town of Montague , CTV News reported . He shot them both in ` execution-style ' killings to avenge his sister 's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the crash that had claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago . In February , Vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of Brent and the second-degree murder of Brendon . At the time , he told the court that when Cathy was killed , ` Our lives were ruined ' . He added he had needed to do something for her . ` Call me a cold-blooded killer , but I 'm not , ' he said . Before his sentencing on Monday , Vuozzo said Herbert 's ` short ' sentence ` has haunted me all my life ' , saying : ` That 's all her life was worth . She only had nine years in this world . And nobody cared . ' Shooting : After more than 40 years of torment , Vuozzo confronted the driver 's son , Brent , and grandson , Brendon , in their home near Montague , Prince Edward Island , and shot them . Above , police at the scene . Emergency vehicle : He killed both in ` execution-style ' slayings to avenge his sister 's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the car crash that claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago . However , Crown lawyer John Diamond told the provincial Supreme Court in Charlottetown that Vuozzo was a ` cold-hearted ' murderer who had shot his victims with a handgun to get ` revenge ' . ` It was revenge . He was a cold-hearted and calculated individual , ' he told the court , CBC reported . Mr Diamond also called the double-murder on August 20 ` callous ' , ` pointless ' , and the worst crime in the Island 's history , adding that it has caused life-long pain for surviving McGuigan family members . In a victim impact statement , Brent 's wife and Brendon 's mother , Marie McGuigan , who was home at the time but was not targeted by a hell-bent Vuozzo , said ` a part of me died with them that night ' . Attack : In February , Vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of Brent and the second-degree murder of Brendon . He said that when Cathy was killed , ` Our lives were ruined ' . Above , the scene of the killings . Meanwhile , Brent 's only daughter , Donna , said she has been consumed by hatred . ` I feel so much anger and hatred that it scares me . I hate that they died this way and it haunts me , ' she sobbed . At an earlier hearing , Gerald Quinn , prosecuting , explained how Cathy had been fatally thrown from a car being driven by her father when it was struck by Mr McGuigan , who was driving a truck , in 1970 . The youngster 's father and two other children also received minor injuries in the crash , but Herbert was not injured , The Eastern Graphic reported . Cathy died on the scene near Commercial Road . Mr McGuigan has since passed away . Referring to Brent and Brendon , Quinn said : ` These two men , by all accounts , were good hard-working men , had no involvement whatsoever in the motor vehicle accident years ago , at all . He added : ` This gentlemen -LSB- Vuozzo -RSB- had no familiarity with them other than knowing who they were . He walked into the home and he shot them both multiple times and killed them . ' Thane MacEachern , defending , argued that the defendant had no previous criminal record and had suffered from depression and mental illness prior to the shootings , according to CBC . Vuozzo , of Lower Montague , will be 81 by the time he is eligible for parole . The first 25 years ' ineligibility are for his first-degree murder charge , while the other 10 years are for killing Brendon . In 2011 , federal legislation was passed allowing courts to impose consecutive periods of parole ineligibility in cases where defendants have been convicted of multiple murders .