Chris Smalling says Manchester United have Arsenal and Chelsea in their sights following their resounding victory over champions Manchester City . United are third , eight points behind leaders Chelsea , who they face on Saturday and play second placed Arsenal in their penultimate league game . Smalling scored United 's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby demolition . It means he has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as former teammate Danny Welbeck at Arsenal with four . Chris Smalling showed his hunger to beat a lethargic City defence to Ashley Young 's free-kick . Smalling is greeted by Juan Mata following his goal in Manchester United 's impressive win over their rivals . He said : ` It 's massive -LSB- to win six in a row -RSB- . I think a lot of people probably saw our fixtures as the hardest of the lot , but if you play teams like Tottenham and Liverpool and win , they 're real six-pointers . It makes a massive difference , and I think confidence comes from beating these top teams . ` We were n't ourselves in the first 15 minutes , but we dominated from there on . ` We came in at half-time and Giggsy said it was a good show of character to come back from a goal down , but in the second half we needed to get the ball down and take a few more risks . Mata once again showed his value to the side and pointed the way with a display full of energy and poise . ` We were a bit cautious and did n't try to play out -LSB- from the back -RSB- too much , but in the second half we really kicked on and made a print on the game . Smalling ghosted into the area unmarked to head Ashley Young 's free-kick past Joe Hart on 73 minutes . Wayne Rooney leaps onto Marouane Fellaini 's back after United took the lead through the big Belgian . ` I wanted to try to get a run on early ; I was ready to pop up and it finished the game , ' he added . ` I think today put us up another step and I think we 're on a roll ; we can look up the table and not behind us . ` You could sense even from the warm-up that the atmosphere was going to be special . We lost against City earlier in the season so today was massive and I think the fans really stuck with us . ' All of United 's outfield players celebrate as they gave noisy neighbours Manchester City .