In Game of Thrones , the secret to forging super-light and strong Valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria . But , despite its fictional basis , a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry . By studying the composition of modern steel , welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of Valyrian steel , he concludes it is n't a steel at all , but instead is a metal matrix composite . Scroll down for video . According to the Game of Thrones books , Valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the Valyrian Freehold governed Essos and covered more than half the known world . Ned Stark , played in the HBO adaptation of the books by Sean Bean , had a Valyrian sword called Ice -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist Ryan Consell in the latest Reactions video for Washington-based American Chemical Society . According to George R. R. Martin 's books , Valyrian steel is a form of metal forged when the Valyrian Freehold governed Essos , and covered more than half the known world . It reigned for 5,000 years before a disaster struck the empire , known as the ` Doom of Valyria ' . A lot of the empire 's military strength came from its ability to forge Valyrian steel , renowned in the fictional kingdoms as being incredibly sharp , light , strong , super heat-resistant and dark in colour with a very distinct ripple patterns . The fictional Valyrian steel was renowned in the kingdoms as being incredibly sharp , light , strong , super heat resistant and dark in colour with a very distinct ripple patterns . It was reportedly forged using Westerosi magic and the secret to forging it was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria . In the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society , materials scientist Ryan Consell -LRB- pictured -RRB- studied which materials could create a similar sword . He began by looking at standard steel . Steel is an alloy made mostly of iron , but also includes around 2 % of carbon . According to George R. R. Martin 's books , Valyrian steel is a form of metal forged when the Valyrian Freehold governed Essos and covered more than half the known world . It reigned for five thousand years before a disaster struck the empire , known as the ` Doom of Valyria ' . A lot of the military strength came from having Valyrian steel weapons , renowned in the fictional kingdoms as being incredibly sharp , light , strong , super heat resistant and dark in colour with a very distinct ripple patterns . It was reportedly forged using Westerosi magic . Ned Stark , played in the HBO adaptation of the books by Sean Bean , had a Valyrian sword called Ice . Kingslayer Jamie Lannister gave his ` Oathkeeper ' , made from Ice to Brienne of Tarth . A dagger used by an assassin in an attempt to kill Bran Stark was also made from Valyrian steel and had been lost in a bet by Petyr Baelish to Tyrion Lannister . It was reportedly forged using Westerosi magic . Ned Stark , played in the HBO adaptation of the books by Sean Bean , had a Valyrian sword called Ice . King slayer Jamie Lannister gave his ` Oathkeeper ' , made from Ice to Brienne of Tarth . A dagger used by an assassin in an attempt to kill Bran Stark was also made from Valyrian steel and had been lost in a bet by Petyr Baelish to Tyrion Lannister . As Mr Consell explained in the video : ` In order to make `` magic '' steel we first need to know about real steel . ' Steel is an alloy - a combination of metal with one or more other elements . It is mostly iron , but also includes carbon - up to about 2 per cent . A small change in the quantity of material in an alloy can dramatically change the properties of the end material . ` The characteristics of Valyrian steel can give us a lot of clues as to its composition , ' continued Mr Consell . ` Strength and sharpness is going to require a bit of a balancing act . In order to hold an edge , a blade has to be really hard which is no problem for a high-carbon steel . ` The problem is the harder something is , the easier it will shatter , which is no good for a king slayer . ' Mr Consell first looked into whether spring steel could be a contender for a modern , real-life version of Valyrian steel . It has 0.6 % carbon , with silicon and manganese . This would provide a balance of properties including a sharp edge , but a spring steel sword could n't handle high temperatures . He then moved onto the option of using air hardened steel . It is cooled off in the open air when it 's forged and does n't lose its properties when heated up . Air hardened steel uses a ` cocktail of elements ' but as Mr Consell added , Valyrian 's colour , pattern and weight make this option unlikely . He first looks into whether spring steel could be a contender for a modern , real-life version of Valyrian steel . It has 0.6 per cent carbon , with silicon and manganese . This would provide a balance of properties including a sharp edge , it would bend without breaking and be really hard to shatter . But a spring steel sword could n't handle the high temperatures alluded to in the books . He then moved onto the option of using air hardened steel . It is cooled off in the open air when it 's forged and does n't lose its properties when heated up . As an alternative , Mr Consell suggests Valyrian steel is n't steel at all . Instead , the ` best possible match ' might be a metal matrix composite . This is a modern super material with a metallic framework embedded with ceramics , and one of these could provide all of the extreme characteristics needed for Valyrian steel . He said itanium silicon carbide might be the ` perfect fit ' because it has the strength , weight and colour needed for Valyrian steel . And if the matrix was n't consistent , it might have swirls of grey running through the blade . Author George R.R. Martin was said to have been inspired by Damascus steel -LRB- pictured -RRB- steel used during the crusades in Europe . Air hardened steel uses a ` cocktail of elements ' and as Mr Consell added , ` you better believe it would require magic in the medieval world to get these materials working together . ' But Valyrian 's colour , pattern and weight make this option unlikely . For example , steel can always be polished to a grey , but Valyrian is supposed to be nearly black . On top of that , the weight of steel ca n't be changed as it 's mostly heavy iron . Additionally , Mr Consell said the patterns of Vlayrian steel suggest it has been pattern welded , and folded . ` This is n't a sign of superb quality and strength , it 's actually a way of compensating for poor materials and trying to make a good steel out of two bad ones , ' he said . ` If the folding is done correctly , you do n't have visible ripples so that 's kind of out . ' As an alternative , Mr Consell suggests Valyrian steel is n't steel at all . Instead , the ` best possible match ' might be a metal matrix composite . ` This is a modern super material that has a metallic framework embedded with ceramics and one of these could provide all of the extreme characteristics needed for Valyrian steel , ' he continued . ` A titanium silicon carbide might be the perfect fit . ` It has the strength , weight and colour needed for Valyrian steel and if the matrix was n't perfectly consistent , it might have swirls of grey running through the blade . ' There is also the opinion that Valyrian is similar to Damascus steel . Mr Martin was said to have been inspired by the patterns and properties of the legendary Damascus steel used during the crusades in Europe across the 11th century for the books . It is made from iron ore steel called wootz and , like with the fictional Valyrian , the forging techniques used to make the distinctive blades were believed to have been lost in the mid-18th century .