Cosmetic surgery is often done in secret - patients hiding out at home until the bruising and swelling goes down while friends ' suspicions are waylaid with a new haircut . But one Australian woman is making her nose job so public , it even has its own hashtag . Rhiannon Langley , from Melbourne , is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers , who can follow along on her social media accounts on the hashtag created just for the event , #RhiannonGetsRhino . Scroll down for video . Sharing is caring : Rhiannon Langley is posting her cosmetic surgery experience on social media through pictures and videos . Influencer : The 24-year-old from Melbourne has 189,000 followers on Instagram . The 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong following on Instagram alone , and is keeping each of them updated while she undergoes Rhinoplasty in Thailand . Miss Langley is currently in Bangkok recovering at a hotel post-surgery , but has remained active on her social media accounts , posting videos on Snapchat and sharing snaps on Instagram . She informed her followers of her impending surgery via the latter one week ago . ` I 've always wanted this since I was a lot younger , and I decided why not , if it makes me happy and improves my self esteem then I 'm doing it ! ' she wrote . ` Yes plastic surgery is a controversial thing to do but this is my life and it 's something I 've wanted to do for so long and especially before my wedding . ' Post-op selfie : Langley is currently in a Bangkok hotel recovering from surgery , but has remained active on social media . Speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Australia from her hotel in Bangkok , Miss Langley explained her motivation for going public further . ` I have quite a big following on social media and I do n't want to lie about it , ' she said . ` I think people are more accepting of the decision if you own it . ` I 've seen so many other girls on social media get things done and then try and hide it . ` I have been a bit scared about getting negative feedback , ' Rhiannon added , revealing that she kept hitting ` refresh ' on her phone to read the comments coming through after she posted the announcement on Instagram . A little off here , and here : Rhiannon revealed to Daily Mail Australia that her makeover will not be a subtle one , with changes being made to the shape and length of her nose . Holiday with a side of hospital : Rhiannon 's $ 5,190 ` Bangkok Nose Job ' package included a stay in a Phuket beach hotel . Bedside view : Langley has been updating her followers with hospital snaps and post-op video messages . ` They 've all been really positive and supportive though . Obviously you get a few weird comments , but it 's been a lot better than I expected . ' She also revealed to DMA that the results of the surgery will be ` quite drastic , ' with changes made to the shape and length of her nose . But the true results wo n't show for another six months , when post-surgery swelling has gone down completely . Miss Langley wanted to share her experience with her followers , having found no one in her friendship circle to turn to for guidance on what the surgery and recovery would be like . ` None of my friends have had nose jobs , so I was searching on the Internet and could n't find anything useful , ' she said . ` I 'm owning my decision ' : Rhiannon says that she decided to be honest rather than hiding it from her followers . ` So I decided to post about my experience , post photos , share how I feel , how I look , and what I 've gone through . ' Miss Langley is sharing videos and pictures day-by-day on her Snapchat and Instagram accounts respectively , and is planning blog posts as well as filming a video diary throughout her ` journey ' . The trip to Thailand started out as a relaxing beach holiday for Langley and fiancé Jody Abrahams , before the couple travelled to Bangkok for the surgery . Her sunny vacation snaps and videos have been replaced with confronting , raw glimpses of Langley in recovery , sporting a swollen face and bruised purple eyes . Nuptials : Langley says her Thailand medical tourism package holiday was financially motivated , as she can not afford surgery in Australia with her upcoming wedding to fiancé Jody -LRB- pictured -RRB- to pay for . Rhiannon says her motivation to take her surgery overseas was financially motivated . ` The price difference -LSB- between Australia and Thailand -RSB- is huge , ' she told DMA . ` I 'm getting married in a year , so I could n't afford to have the surgery in Australia . ' Her trip to Thailand is a $ 5,190 ` Bangkok Nose Job ' package with CosMediTour . The Medical Tourism Agency has confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that while they have assisted the social media influencer with finding accommodation , Langley paid the full rate for her surgery package . The packages include four to five star accommodation and meals , as well as the full cost of hospitalisation and surgery . Dream : The hair dresser has wanted the nose correction since she was a teenager . ` Rhiannon had been considering Rhinoplasty for a long time and she approached CosMediTour after being referred from a friend who previously had surgery through CosMediTour . We are very happy to have her as a client , ' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia . ` Rhiannon has a loyal Instagram following and she wanted to Blog about her Rhinoplasty experience as it was something that she did n't want to hide . ` We use fully accredited hospitals with internationally trained and highly skilled Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeons and have CosMediTour personnel in all destinations . We create four and five star packages which include surgery , accommodation , transfers , meals and do n't charge any additional agency fee for our services . ' Langley said she has wanted nose correction surgery since she was a teen , and wanted it done before her wedding to Abrahams in 2016 . ` He likes me as I am now , but he supports my decision and is here taking care of me , ' Rhiannon said . And she was n't put off by recent criticism of the industry following the death of Gold Coast woman , Evita Nicole Sarmonikas , in Mexico after a reported buttock implants , or the story of Courtney O'Keefe , from Perth , who contracted a life-threatening infection following breast enlargement surgery in Thailand . ` I have had a lot of friends use Cosmeditour for boob jobs and tummy tucks , and have seen such good results , ' so I did n't hesitate for a second , ' said Langley . Langley started her blog and Instagram accounts two years ago as a way to promote her home hairdressing business . Her following has grown to over 189,000 , and the pretty brunette has capitalised on her popularity , launching a body oil business and working on a swimwear line .