Sally Lutkin , 49 , had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week after a botched tattoo . When Sally Lutkin decided to have her grandchildren 's names tattooed on her leg , she imagined ending up with a beautiful , life-long reminder of her loved ones . Instead , she was left with a gruesome black hole and a lasting scar in the middle of her calf , after being rushed to hospital for emergency surgery . Mrs Lutkin , 49 , had a rose surrounded by the names grandchildren Harvey , seven , Harvey Junior , six , and Cooper , one , tattooed above her left ankle in November 2013 . But the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and could n't walk , forcing her to rush to a & e . Doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone . She was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design , as well as an unsightly scar she will have to live with for years . Mrs Lutkin , of Kingston upon Hull , East Yorkshire , said : ` It really upset me because it 's something that I wanted just for me - and it really did n't turn out that way . ` I was in the hospital for a week and it was so difficult because it 's the longest I 've ever been away from my babies . ` They had to operate before the infection spread down to the bone and I do n't know what would have happened if they had not caught it earlier . ` The pain was horrendous - it was indescribable . I was in agony and the swelling was so bad that I could n't walk . ' Her daughter Laura , 28 , noticed that the tattoo was turning red the day after the needle work was complete . But Mrs Lutkin , who works as a cleaner , dismissed it as a normal part of the healing process . She was horrified when the symptoms worsened and her leg began to swell until she could no longer walk . Her husband Peter , 57 , a labourer , rushed her to hospital and she remained there for a week while she battled the nightmare infection . Mrs Lutkin , who has five children , admitted that even 18 months later she is still feeling the effects of the infection . Mrs Lutkin wanted a tattoo of a rose and her grandchildren 's names -LRB- Harvey , seven , is pictured , left -RRB- . But it became infected and after an emergency operation she was left with a gruesome hole in her leg -LRB- right -RRB- . She has been left with a scar even 18 months after the ordeal , and has vowed never to have another tattoo again in her life . She said : ` I still get aches and pains from it but I just have to get on with my life . ` We 're a really close family and they were shocked . ` It was a hard thing for them to see me in so much pain , especially for my eldest grandkids . ` It ruined Christmas because I could n't go out Christmas shopping and all the little ones wanted to put the decorations up - in the end , my kids had to put them up for me . ' The ordeal forced her to abandon plans to add the names of one-year-olds Lottie and Harper - who were born within six days of one another - to the body art . And , with another grandchild on the way , Mrs Lutkin insists she is not tempted to tamper with ink any more . She said : ` It 's put me off for life . I 'd had tattoos before but I 'll never have one again . ` I wo n't even risk getting the tattoo removed . ` No one is laying their hands on me ever again after this . ' Her leg became red and swollen - so much so that she was in agony and could n't walk -LRB- pictured -RRB- . She said : ` No one is laying their hands on me ever again after this . '