A pregnant meteorologist has called out the bullies who viciously attacked her appearance by reading their hateful messages on air - before admitting that their cruel words had taken their toll on her . Kristi Gordon , of British Columbia 's news channel Global BC , was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment News Hour Plus - with her reading some of the message aloud . ` Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you -LRB- sic -RRB- , ' Kristi read from one of the messages . ` Your front end looks like the Hindenburg and rear end a brick - fill in the blank - house . ' Scroll down for video . Taking a stand : Pregnant TV meteorologist Kristi Gordon called out the online bullies who attacked her appearance during the online only segment News Hour Plus . The online bullies , who left no name or return address , added : ` We now turn off Global . Cover up or take time off . The Group . ' Kristi , who is due to give birth in three months , explained that she received the harsh message the day before she taped the March 26 segment and admitted that it ` kicked off a bit of a conversation ' . She and her co-anchors laughed the comments off , particularly the group 's misspelling of the word Global . ` First of all , if you are going to diss us , please learn how to spell , ' Squire noted , before he explained that Global is spelled with an ` a ' - not an ` e ' like the group had written . And while they joked about the bizarre jibe , it was n't the only scathing message Kristi had received regarding her pregnancy and her wardrobe . ` Buy some decent clothes and have more respect for your unborn child . You 're not the first pregnant woman OMG , ' another critic had written . Someone else advised her : ` Looser tops would look much more professional . ' Harsh words : Kristi , who can be seen giving a weather report , was also criticized for wearing form-fitting clothing because ` looser tops would look more professional ' After Kristi finished reading the messages , Squire joked : ` Haters gon na hate as some rapper may have said , ' before Robin interjected : ` Taylor Swift , I think actually said that . ' Kristi revealed that she was actually expecting these types of messages because she had received a similar level of hateful jibes during her first pregnancy . Refusing to cover up and hide her pregnant body however , she stood up to show her growing baby bump and said : ` You ca n't really hide something like this . ' ` I feel like I am pretty confident person , ' she added . ` I would n't be in this industry if I was n't . I do n't feel that this is really affecting me or has affected me . ' But Kristi went on to say that , subconsciously , her critics ' hurtful words had gotten to her . That night she found herself checking her own reflection in the mirror to see how big her baby bump had grown . She asked her husband if she looked bigger than she had thought , and when went to bed that night , she realized it was her critics ' harsh words that were driving her actions . Kristi noted : ` It 's amazing when you say something mean about someone , it still affects them . ' Baby bumps : Kristi posed for this funny photo in the green room at Global News . Family time : Kristi and her husband Paul Klawer can be seen sitting in the crowed with their son Jordan . ` Even if you are joking , it sinks in at some level , ' she continued . ` I was not impressed with myself when I got into bed yesterday and thought about what I had done through the evening hours . It obviously had affected me . The day after the online segment aired , Kristi wrote about her account on the Global News website . She first thanked fans who reached out to her to share their outrage over the feedback she has received throughout her pregnancy . ` For those of you emailing to say I look great and to keep my head up -- THANK YOU ! Please also share a kind comment to the person next to you , ' Kristi wrote . She went on to thank ` The Group ' who wrote her such a vicious letter because it taught her an important lesson . ` No matter how rational or confident you are , the mean things people say can have an impact , ' she explained . ` The negative thoughts seep in when you do n't even realize it . Even a little joking comment could do some damage . Hopefully this can help us all be more aware of our impact on others . '