Relatives of the victims of a South Korean ferry sinking that killed more than 300 people a year ago have held a rally demanding the government salvage the vessel . The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims , high school students . Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol after senior government officials said they would ` consider it . ' Scroll down for video . One year on : Relatives of the victims of a South Korean ferry sinking that killed more than 300 people a year ago and other civic members shout slogans during a rally in Seoul , South Korea , on Saturday . A total of 295 bodies were recovered from the ferry , and nine victims remained unaccounted for when divers finally called off the dangerous search of its interior last November . The demonstration is the latest in a series of protests with hundreds of bereaved parents , many with their heads shaved and clad in white mourning robes , marching 22 miles to Seoul from their home town of Ansan last week . President Park Geun-Hye has pledged to ` actively consider ' raising the Sewol , taking into account the opinions of the relatives and salvage experts . But senior government officials said the salvage operation would cost £ 68million . Senior ministry official Yeon Yeong-Jin said : ` And that is only an estimate , as the final cost would be greatly dependent on weather conditions , technological uncertainties . ' Protest : Demonstrators holding placards calling on the government to salvage the Sewol ferry in Seoul . Stricken : Rescue operations saved some of the passengers on a South Korean ferry Sewol that capsized on its way to Jeju island from Incheon , but 300 perished in the tragedy . The tragedy sparked nationwide grief and outrage as it became clear that regulatory failings , official incompetence and the ship 's illegal redesign were the main causes . Park 's administration was widely criticised for its response to the disaster , and her approval ratings have only just begun to recover . After months of political bickering , parliament passed a bill in November initiating an independent investigation into the sinking . But relatives have accused the government of trying to influence the probe by appointing officials to key posts in the 17-member inquiry committee . Unrest : Demonstrators clash with police officer while trying to march to the presidential Blue House after a rally in Seoul . Emotional : Protesters clash with police while a woman weeps while holding a placard calling on the government to salvage the wreck , one year after it sank killing 250 students . Wreck : People are calling on the South Korean government to raise the stricken Sewol at an estimated cost of £ 68 million . More than 50 people have been put on trial on charges linked to the disaster , including 15 crew members who were among the first to climb into lifeboats . The Sewol 's captain was jailed in November for 36 years for gross negligence and dereliction of duty , while three other senior crew members were sentenced to jail terms of between 15 and 30 years .