Countryfile presenter Ellie Harrison said that she completely ` accepts ' that she will one day be replaced on the BBC show . The 37-year-old , who has defended her image against criticism that she 's too ` Hollywood ' , told The Mirror : ` You 're hot one year but completely out of favour the next . ' But the mother-of-two , who joined the programme in 2011 , said she 'd love to stay where she is for ` a long time ' . Scroll down for video . Ellie Harrison has spoken about how she believes that she will fall out of favour on Countryfile . She told The Mirror : ` It 's a funny business and the nature of the beast with females is that what you get is not down to you . ' She continued to say that she knew that she would become less popular . ` You are hot one year but completely out of favour the next . I know next year someone will be hotfooting it . I accept that and I know that . ' For Ellie her appearance has always been a sensitive area on Countryfile as in December 2014 she revealed that she was told to tone down her look . After her first appearance on the BBC show in 2011 she was told her flowing blonde tresses were ` too present . ' She was asked by producers on the Sunday evening show to be more countryside , ` less Hollywood ' in her appearance - a statement she believes was related to the long blonde locks that have earned her fame . Ellie says that as a woman ` what you get is not down to you ' and she would n't be surprised if she was replaced . In 2011 Ellie was asked by producers to be ` less present ' a comment she believes was directed at her blonde hair . Pictured : presenters -LRB- L-R -RRB- Matt Baker , Ellie , Adam Henson , Tom Heap and John Craven . At the time she said the statement was an example of the problems she has encountered because of her good looks , as well as the different culture in the UK compared to the US - which she said was far more welcoming . ` It is celebratory over there ; they really want you to do well , ' the mother-of-two told Countryside magazine . ` It 's like over here they would almost rather you were on the edge of a breakdown . ' In 2009 Miriam O'Reilly successfully sued the BBC for age discrimination after being dropped by the show in a revamp . Ellie previously worked for the Countryfile Discovery Channel in America and has spoken about the problem of being viewed first for her looks and regarded as a ` blonde , fluffy thing . ' Her long blonde hair has attracted much debate among viewers of Countryfile and the presenter previously admitted her tresses get much attention . She added : ` I get asked a lot about my hair . It 's a subject that always seems to come up . ' Ellie has previously spoken about her looks being a barrier to her career , with people presuming because she is attractive she will not be able to do her job properly . The journalist said : ` It can get in the way of people thinking you 're credible , so I try and shrug it off . ` I 've had people approach me -- inside and outside TV -- who are surprised I can string a sentence together . ' This is not the first time the BBC has been under the spotlight for judging women by their looks and age , and Ellie was candid about being aware that her career in television could stop without much warning . In 2008 Miriam O'Reilly was dropped from the show and won a tribunal against the corporation three years later for age discrimination . Her case for sex discrimination failed . Miriam was axed from the show , along with Juliet Morris and Michaela Strachan , when it moved to a prime time Sunday evening slot . She was given three years to return to the BBC but decided to leave in 2012 to launch a service for women facing discrimination in the workplace . Miriam was replaced by Julia Bradbury , 43 and more than 10 years her junior .