Jack Wilshere can be the future of Arsenal 's midfield , but his injury record could turn him into another Abou Diaby , fears club legend Ray Parlour . Wilshere was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday after five months out through injury . And Parlour believes that the 23-year-old 's fitness record is the one thing holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential . Jack Wilshere , on the bench next to Theo Walcott and Mathieu Flamini , for Arsenal 's match against Reading . Wilshere , the England international , is pictured in training for Arsenal earlier this month . ` I think he 's the future of the club , ' said Parlour . ` I think if he stays fit , he 's a quality player , there 's no doubt about that . ` The way he goes past players , the way he links up with people , I definitely think he 's got a big role to play . ` But again , the big question mark is can he stay fit ? Look at Abou Diaby . Diaby 's a terrific player . But look at him , the injuries the last few years . ` The big burning question is can Wilshere have a full season without being injured for a long period , like he has n't had for the last three or four seasons . ' The 23-year-old pictured in action for Arsenal 's Under-21s against Reading at the Emirates earlier in April . Wilshere is at the heart of a core of players at the Emirates which has now reached the FA Cup final for the second year in a row , and are approaching maturity as a group . And although the Premier League title may be out of their reach , Parlour believes that Arsene Wenger 's squad , with the right additions , could be ready to finally push for top honours again . ` What I like about the squad is that they 've got good youngsters - Oxlade-Chamberlain , Chambers and Bellerin - coming through , but the main nucleus of players are a good age , ' added Parlour , talking at the Carlsberg People 's Pundit final . ` They 're not too old , they 're in their prime now , they 've got the experience . So those sort of players , people like Ozil , Ramsey , Sanchez , Wilshere if he 's fit , they 've got that nucleus . Ray Parlour , who won three championships with Arsenal , has backed Wilshere to be the future of the club . ` It 'll need a couple of big signings , but if they can get them , I 'm sure they 'll be a lot closer to Chelsea next season in the Premier League , and in the Champions League they can go the extra couple of rounds and get to the final , ' said Parlour , at the Boot Camp stage of The People 's Pundit , championed by Carlsberg -- the Official Beer of the England team and the Premier League . After months of scouring the country , The People 's Pundit has narrowed down its search to five football fans in with a chance of winning their big break on talkSPORT on the last day of the Barclays Premier League season . Those five -- a call centre worker , a personal trainer , a sales director , a production runner , and a furniture upholsterer -- were put through their paces under the famous Wembley arch by punditry legends Jeff Stelling , Mark Saggers and Ray Parlour in the final race to see who will become The People 's Pundit . Parlour , who won three FA Cups under Arsene Wenger , was also full of praise of the Gunners ' FA Cup final opponents Aston Villa , and their boss Tim Sherwood . The former Tottenham boss -- who grew up an Arsenal fan -- has steered Villa away from the relegation dogfight and into their first Cup final for 15 years , and Parlour backed him to be named manager of the season if he triumphs at Wembley . Parlour won the FA Cup under Arsene Wenger three times , including in 2002 when he scored a stunning goal . Frenchman Diaby 's promising career has been hit by a host of injuries . ` I played with him at England , he always a great lad , always had a good football brain on him , and he 's certainly delivering the goods at the moment , ' said Parlour . ` He 's certainly got something going for him , and I 'd be amazed if Villa do go down , with the momentum they 've got . ` If he can keep the club up and lead them next season in the Premier League , and if he can win the FA Cup as well , it 's a great season . If they can come fourth from bottom this season , and win the cup , he 's got to be near enough for manager of the year . ' The Carlsberg Fan Squad is all about making football better for fans . That 's why If Carlsberg did pundits , they 'd probably be fans just like you . To find out more about the People 's Pundit finalists , vote for your favourite , and find out which will win their big break on talkSPORT on the last day of the Premier League season , head to ThePeoplesPundit.co.uk #PeoplesPundit . Carlsberg is the official beer of the England team and the Premier League .