As the youngest member of the Kardashian-Jenner clan , Kylie Jenner was bound to have a different upbringing to your average teen . Since Keeping Up With The Kardashians started in 2007 , when Kylie was just nine years old , she has been one of the biggest tween stars - with a ticket to every A-List event in town . And as she teeters on the brink of adulthood , the reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family . Scroll down for videos . Kylie Jenner -LRB- right -RRB- poses at Coachella with her rumoured boyfriend Tyga , 24 , and sister Khloe Kardashian . MCQ ALEXANDER MCQUEEN Long Sleeve Mesh Dress . Buy at Nordstrom . Visit site . We do n't know about you , but Kylie Jenner is continuing to mesh-merize us with her evolving fashion sense . The raven-haired teen stunned in her McQ Alexander McQueen black mesh dress which flashed a bit of skin with its sheer detailing . We bet that made Tyga roar in delight ... Reminiscent of Kim Kardashian 's mesh jumpsuit by Julien Macdonald she wore to the Brits earlier this year , Kylie proved that she takes style inspiration from her older fashion-conscious sisters and it seems to be working wonders for the experimental reality star . An LBD with a twist such as this one will be a great investment for your wardrobe and whenever someone asks you where it 's from -LRB- because they will -RRB- you 'll be proud to divulge . McQueen , darling ... And the best part ? Kylie 's exact dress is still up for grabs at Nordstrom for $ 315 - just click right to make it yours in time for your next night on the tiles . If you 'd rather get the look for less , check out the edit below which features our top mesh dress alternatives from the likes of Forever 21 and Topshop . Forever 21 Mesh Long Sleeve Bodycon Dress at New Look . Visit site . Maykool Black Mesh Dress . Visit site . Missguided Bra Detail Mesh Mini Dress . Visit site . Topshop Mesh Long Sleeve Dress . Visit site . Kylie had a relatively normal childhood until the age of nine , when the Kardashian family started to invite cameras into their home for the filming of their reality show . By 2012 , when she was 14 years old , Kylie opted to leave Sierra Canyon School where she was a student and be home-tutoured through an at-home education programme . By the age of 17 , Kylie already has several projects to her name , including two nail varnishes , a clothes collection , a show line and a range of accessories with her sister Kendall . But her extracurricular activities that grab the most attention are her choices in clothing , her rumoured boyfriend and the many provocative poses that she publishes on her Instagram account , which has more than 21 million followers . Kylie Jenner posted a series of pictures of herself in skimpy clothing during her trip to Coachella festival . Like all of Kris Jenner 's daughters , Kylie has a deep interest in fashion , but her style is by far the most revealing of all of the family . The star is regularly photographed out and about in clothes that are instantly emulated by her legions of teen fans - her style is considered the edgiest of all her family . Kylie recently hinted that she had her nipples pierced in a post on Snapchat . While her sister Kendall is idolised for her supermodel looks , it is Kylie 's edgy fashion sense that is most admired within her family and among their peers . At Coachella , Kylie paraded around the desert in a skimpy jumpsuit that gathered instant praise from young women and guaranteed that she stood out from the millions of copycat festival goers in boho-chic . On the same day , she posed up for pictures in a pair of granny pants and managed to achieve the impossible - making them look cool . Flashing the flesh is not something that fazes Kylie - she regularly uploads selfies of herself in a bikini for her many fans . Just last week , Kylie posted a picture on snapchat where she hinted at having her nipples pierced . In the photo Kylie had drawn red circles around where her nipples would be under her sweatshirt and captioned it : ` New jewelry in other secret areas . ' Kylie and Kendall are part of the new breed of the Kardashian family - while Khloe , Kourtney and Kim embrace the polished body-con look , the two younger sisters are more in tune with the the grungy fashion of the last two years . While hints at nipple piercing might raise a few eyebrows in certain camps , it is this rebellious behaviour by Kylie that is keeping the family current for a younger generation - one that has little in common with Kim , who has now settled down and started a family . Momager Kris says that it 's Kylie 's unique style that sets her apart from the rest of the family and makes her appealing to fans . ` I realized two to three years ago , my older daughters were asking Kylie for fashion advice , ' she said , adding that her influence can be seen in the family 's Steve Madden fashion line . ' Kylie 's choice of attire regularly raises eyebrows but is adored by her legions of fans , who copy her every look . Kylie is very body confident and her Instagram page is full of selfies . Kris continued : ` Kylie decided she had this edgy style she wanted to bring to the table , and she was n't satisfied going along with what Kendall wanted . ' Kylie and Kendall both appeared on Time Magazine 's 25 Most Influential Teens of 2014 list , which listed among their achievements , that they had : ` hosted red carpet events , released clothing and nail polish lines and even published a dystopian young-adult novel . ' Earlier this year it was also announced that Kylie would be releasing a clothing line at Topshop with her sister Kendall . But while Kylie 's clothing draws a huge amount of attention , it is her knack with the make-up brush that has really racked up column inches for her over the last six months . Like many 17 year olds , Kylie spends a significant amount of time in front of the mirror practicing new make-up styles . Unlike Kylie though - they do n't have the added benefit of regular sessions in a professional make-up artist 's chair and endless expensive mascaras , blushers , lipsticks and foundations at her disposal . She has used this to her advantage and is widely considered among her family to be the expert at applying make-up . Kylie with her rumoured boyfriend Tyga ,24 . Kylie is often targeted for the pictures she posts of herself with overly-plump lips . In fact , while the rest of her sisters get their faces professionally done before attending celebrity events , Kylie is the only one who does her own . Her sister Kim said : ` She 's so good at makeup . ' The main feature that has attracted so much attention are Kylie 's lips , which she swells to three times their natural size by using expertly lining outside her lip line . Kylie told E! News : ` Everyone thinks I have one specific lip colour , but I have , like , 10 different nudes . ` I love lip liner and overlining my lips . ' Always the sign of a trendsetter - this look has now turned into a trend , with young women across the US and Europe attempting to ape the look . Even the British supermodel Suki Waterhouse got in on the act by making over her sister Maddie using the Kylie tactic and posting the results on Instagram a few months ago . Kylie has grown up in the spotlight . Here she is pictured with her sister Kendall , mother Kris and father Bruce as a young girl . Kylie and Kendall are pictured out with their sister Kim in 2008 . After growing up in the spotlight , Kendall and Kylie both appear to have matured much faster than their three older half-sisters . For the last seven months , Kylie is reported to have been in a relationship with the American rapper Tyga , who shares a two year old with his ex-girlfriend Blac Chyna . The couple were first pictured together at Bordeaux airport in France last October and have since been pictured out several times together . Last November , they served food at a homeless shelter on Thanksgiving and were also pictured shopping for toys for Tyga 's son . More recently , Tyga joined the Kardashian-Jenner family on a visit to church on Easter Sunday and last weekend he went on a road trip to Coachella with Kylie and her sisters Khloe and Kendall . But while speculation has continued to grow about the couple , Kylie has managed to remain admirably quiet on the issue , even when baited by stars like Amber Rose , who called her a baby . Kylie recently revealed that she is ready to leave the family home she shares with Kris Jenner and move into a place of her own . In fact , Kylie is far removed from being a baby - now she is just four months shy of her 18th birthday , the star is already getting ready to move out of her family home into a place of her own . In a recent interview with Teen Vogue , she said : ` I 'm moving out when I turn 18 . I 'm ready to live on my own . ` It 's a really big step , but I 'm ready . ` I want a house near my family in a quiet neighborhood with a front yard and a backyard that my dog will like . ` Also , I have so many shoes , and none of them fit in my old closet . ' With a rumoured music career on the way , with a new single called Forever Real , featuring Iggy Azalea and Tyga reported to be released later this year , it seems like this young lady is on the brink of even bigger stardom .