Retiring 20-time jump jockey AP McCoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great Olympian Sir Steve Redgrave back at those who think he might perform a U-turn and reverse his plans to walk away from the sport . The 40-year-old rider , who has two final rides at Sandown on Saturday , said : ` To be fair to Steve Redgrave , you have to put your body through physical torture to try and win a fifth gold medal in boat . ` I can ride for pleasure and hopefully it will be less dangerous than it was when I was competing . ` No , that wo n't be happening -LRB- riding -RRB- . I 'm much too stubborn for that . I 'll be watching like everyone else . ` Feel free to shoot me . I 'd rather you shoot me than me give in to the fact that I have to ride again , from a mental perspective . ' After winning a fourth Olympic Gold medal at Atlanta , Redgrave famously said : ` Anyone who sees me in a boat has my permission to shoot me . ' The front cover of the Racing Post ahead of AP McCoy 's retirement at Sandown Park racecourse on Saturday . Retiring jockey McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing after Sunday 's Sandown farewell . Steve Redgrave famously returned to success despite retiring and vowing never to return to action . Those who doubt McCoy 's word will point out Redgrave came out of retirement to claim a fifth Olympic gold medal four years later in Sydney . But McCoy is adamant his rides on Mr Mole and finally the appropriately named Box Office will be the last in a career which has seen him ride in over 16,500 races and record 4,357 winners . Channel 4 have extended this afternoon 's broadcast so they can show how McCoy and Box Office perform in the 20-runner Bet365 Handicap Hurdle at 4.25 . A sell-out crowd of 18,000 will be at Sandown , the biggest attendance at the Esher track since Derby winner Motivator won the 2005 Eclipse Stakes . Meanwhile , Arsenal fan McCoy will be allowed to keep the Champion Jockey trophy handed over to him by guest presenter Ian Wright . The trophy commissioned in 2007 has on it all the name of all the winners of the champion jockeys ' title going back to 1900 . The 20-time Champion Jockey will ride his last two races at Sandown racecourse on Saturday . Arsenal fan and jockey McCoy will be handed his 20th Champion Jockey trophy by ex-Gunner Ian Wright .