Another man was in the car with Walter Scott when he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his Mercedes , it has been revealed . Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is , but a police report confirmed the man was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car , according to CNN . The man , who is not a relative , could be able to shed light on what happened between Officer Michael Slager pulling the pair over - and the beginning of the bystander video which shows Scott being shot dead . The 33-year-old patrolman has been charged with murder after 50-year-old Walter Scott was gunned down last Saturday in North Charleston , South Carolina . It has also been revealed that the officer was allowed to stay with the force , despite being the subject of a complaint that alleged he used excessive force on an unarmed man . Police are now reviewing the earlier case in light of the shooting of Mr Scott . Patrolman Michael Slager calling colleagues on his radio after shooting dead the unarmed father-of-four Walter Scott . Officer Michael Slager , pictured left in his police mugshot , has been charged with the murder of 50-year-old Walter Scott , right . Eyewitness accounts said Scott was involved in a brief scuffle on the ground with the officer who pulled his car over for having a broken tail light . Mr Scott can be seen being shot five times in the back as he ran away from the armed officer in video footage that was captured on a mobile phone at the scene . The incident started at 9.53 am when officer Slager radioed into his control saying that he was pulling over a grey coloured Mercedes . Minutes later he appears out of breath as he describes chasing a suspect on foot , who he says is black and wearing a green t-shirt . This is followed by a period of no contact from the patrolmen , despite colleagues en-route to assist asking for his location . Slager then makes a further frantic call to dispatchers at 9.38 am after firing eight shots at Mr Scott . ` Shots fired . Subject is down . He grabbed my Taser , ' After shooting Mr Scott , Slager can be heard telling his control : ` I need to secure my vehicle . ' A second officer , named as Clarence Habersham , then uses his radio to report that the victim has gunshot wounds to his chest , right side , and backside . Slager , 33 , who is white , initially defended his actions , saying he feared for his life after he alleged Mr Scott had wrestled his Taser from him during a scuffle . But four days later , anonymous cellphone footage emerged that contradicted his account of events . The video showed the officer firing eight shots at Mr Scott from around 20 feet away while he had his back turned and was fleeing . The officer draws his weapon as Mr Scott , 50 , breaks free and starts to flee from the scene . The officer fires off eight shots hitting the fleeing father in the back five times . Mr Scott collapses to his knees after being struck after shots were fired . Slager then handcuff 's Mr Scott 's lifeless body before he allegedly appears to tamper with the scene . Slager , 33 , initially claimed that he feared for his life after Mr Scott wrestled his Taser from him in a scuffle . Sagler then cuffed Mr Scott 's lifeless body and was seen dropping an object - possibly his service-issue Taser - by his side . In the video filmed by Feidin Santana there appears to be no evidence of Mr Scott getting hold of the officer 's Taser or using it against him . ` I remember the police -LSB- officer -RSB- had control of the situation , ' said Mr Santana . ` He had control of Scott . And Scott was trying just to get away from the Taser . But like I said , he never used the Taser against the cop . ' Officer Slager was charged with murder on Tuesday and now could face the death penalty . Today Mario Givens revealed how he made a complaint about Slager in September 2013 and claimed the shooting of Mr Scott could have been prevented . He told how he was awoken before dawn in September 2013 by the patrolman , who was banging on the front door of his family home in North Charleston . Givens , who is also black , said he cracked open his door and asked the officer what he wanted . ` He said he wanted to come in , but did n't say why , ' said Givens , now 33 . ` He never said who he was looking for . ' Officer Slager , 33 , can be seen on video holding an object - possibly his Taser - after he shot dead Walter Scott . Officer Michael Slager was caught on video tape on Saturday picking up an object - possibly his Taser - from where the confrontation started with Walter Scott and appearing to move it over to the father-of-four 's dead body . Then , without warning , Slager pushed in the door , he said . ' ` Come outside or I 'll tase you , '' he recalled the officer saying as he burst in . ` I did n't want that to happen to me , so I raised my arms over my head , and when I did , he tased me in my stomach anyway . ' He said the pain from the stun gun was so intense that he dropped to the floor and began calling for his mother , who was also in the home . At that point , he said another police officer came into the house and they dragged him outside and threw him to the ground . He was handcuffed and put in the back of a squad car . Though initially accused of resisting the officers , Givens was later released without charge . Angered by what happened , Givens went downtown to police headquarters the following day and filed a formal complaint . He and his mother say several neighbors who witnessed what happened on the family 's front lawn also contacted the police , though they say officers refused to take their statements . Asked about the 2013 incident , North Charleston police spokesman Spencer Pryor said the department now plans to review the case to see if its decision to exonerate Slager was correct . ` It could have been prevented , ' Givens said of Scott 's death . ` If they had just listened to me and investigated what happened that night , this man might be alive today . ' Authorities refused to say on Wednesday whether other police officers will be charged in the cover-up of an unarmed black father 's fatal shooting by a white cop . North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey would not answer questions on the involvement of other members of the force in the killing of Walter Scott , 50 . The 33-year-old patrolman , who is white , initially defended his actions , saying he feared for his life after Scott wrestled his Taser gun from him during a scuffle when he pulled him over for a broken brake light on Saturday morning . North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey -LRB- pictured left -RRB- refused to say whether other officers were involved in the fatal shooting of unarmed black father , Walter Scott , on Saturday . Police chief Eddie Driggers avoided some questions but did say he had been sickened by video of his officer shooting the man dead . Four days later , anonymous cellphone footage emerged and blew Slager 's story wide open . The video showed the officer firing eight shots at Scott , a father-of-four , from around 20 feet away while the man had his back turned and was fleeing . Sagler then cuffed Scott 's lifeless body and was seen dropping an object - possibly his service-issue Taser - by his side . The cop was charged with murder on Tuesday and could face the death penalty . During a chaotic press conference on Wednesday , demonstrators grew angry after the mayor took over questions directed at Police Chief Eddie Driggers who stepped back from the podium . Mayor Summey refused to answer questions on other cops ' involvement , citing an independent investigation underway by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division . Slager was fired one day after his murder charge but his wife , who is eight months ' pregnant , will still receive insurance from the city until after her baby was born because it was the ` humane thing to do ' , the mayor said . This as the FBI and the Justice Department 's civil rights prosecutors announced on Wednesday there would be a federal probe . Chief Driggers told the press conference that he was ` sickened ' by the video and had watched it only once . No other officers had seen what happened at the shooting scene , according to Driggers . When asked why no one had performed CPR on Scott , Driggers then said he believed one cop had taken off Scott 's shirt and tried to perform life-saving measures . Driggers said that he had spoken to Walter Scott Sr ` father to father ' during a visit to the grieving family 's home .