A Walmart employee has been applauded for his honesty after finding $ 4,400 worth of cash in the parking lot and handing it over to authorities , who returned it to its relieved owner . Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor , Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot . He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and , realizing it was a sizable sum , they then contacted the police department , Sergeant Tim Cotton said . Officer Dustin Dow went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had visited the security office last winter to claim he had lost about $ 4,000 in the parking lot . Great work : Brian Cassidy , right , is pictured being presented with a Bangor Police Department Challenge coin by an officer after he found $ 4,400 cash in a Walmart parking lot and alerted security . The man , who was later identified as Ou Chen , said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at a nearby restaurant . He had intended to send the money home to his family , Cotton said . But after clearing snow off his car and driving home , he realized that his pocket was empty . Chen went to the security office to ask if the money had been turned in or if surveillance footage had revealed what could have happened to it , but nothing emerged . When Dow heard of the story , he went to the nearby restaurant , Kobe Steakhouse , and asked for the man , and Chen confirmed he had misplaced the cash . After counting the money at the station , the officer returned to the restaurant to give it back to him - and to take a picture showing him gladly accepting it . Returned : The money belonged to Ou Chen , who lost the $ 4,000 as he cleared snow off his car last winter after leaving his job at a nearby restaurant . He told Walmart about it at the time but they could not find it . Stash : Cassidy found the money , pictured , while picking up trash near the Walmart parking lot last Thursday . Cotton applauded Brian for his honesty , particularly because the Walmart employee found the money while working at a job that does not pay much . ` Brian is not getting rich doing this and has dealt with other issues over the past year , ' Cotton explained in a lengthy Facebook post . ` Brian , like many people , has even had to sleep in his car for a time when things were rough . ' In recognition of his honesty , Cassidy was presented with a Bangor Police Department Challenge coin ` for being honest and having great integrity in doing his job ' , the department said . ` Brian Cassidy personifies what we hope is in all of us , ' Cotton wrote . ` Thanks Brian , the men and women of the Bangor Police Department salute you . ' Scene : Cassidy , who works at this Walmart in Bangor , Maine , was thanked for his honesty and integrity .