Two sisters from Oklahoma and Nebraska missing for nearly two weeks in Michigan survived on Girl Scout cookies while stuck in their snow-trapped SUV until state police discovered them Friday near Lake Superior in a remote part of the Upper Peninsula . A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore , finally ending the women 's unexpected wilderness adventure . Leslie Roy , 52 , and Lee Marie Wright , 56 , were examined at a hospital and released . ` It was sheer joy , ' Detective Sgt. Jeff Marker told The Associated Press , describing their reaction to the rescue . ` It was almost disbelief that it was finally happening . ' Alive ! Lee Wright -LRB- left -RRB- , and Leslie Roy -LRB- right -RRB- are pictured eating and keeping warm in state police coats after they had spent two weeks stuck in their disabled SUV in Michigan . Roy , of Valley , Nebraska , and Wright of Depew , Oklahoma , got stuck about three miles from Crisp Point Lighthouse in Luce County in the Upper Peninsula . They had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming , in another part of the peninsula , and were planning to head south April 11 . They had a reservation at a hotel in Mackinaw City but never showed up . Instead , they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs , Marker said . ` They thought the road was plowed but it was n't , ' he said . There is no cellphone service in the area . The car eventually lost power , too . Roy and Wright wore layers of clothes to stay warm as overnight temperatures fell to the 20s , and they also turned snow into water . ` They heard crunching in the woods at night , ' Marker said . ` They thought it was rescuers but no one came . Then they thought it was bears . ' When the search began , police said the women had told others about possibly visiting waterfalls and casinos on their way to the Lower Peninsula . Their Ford Explorer was spotted from a helicopter around 2.30 pm , police said . About 25 minutes later , police officers who were called to the scene reached the car on foot . ` When we pulled up , they grabbed their purses and Lee Wright clutched onto her Bible and both women were very happy , ' Marker told MLive.com . ` It was hugs all around . ' Road trip : Roy -LRB- left -RRB- , 52 , and Wright -LRB- right -RRB- , 56 , had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming , Michigan , when on April 11 their Ford Explorer got trapped in snow on a little-used road . Life savers : The women survived by rationing eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies , a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow . The women were transported to Helen Newberry Joy Hospital to be checked by doctors . A photo of Roy and Wright showed them eating food and keeping warm in state police coats after the rescue . ` They 're walking . ... They 're alive and well , just a little weak from being stuck for a couple weeks , ' said Sgt. Brent Rosten , of the Michigan State Police . The women 's relatives were ecstatic to receive the good news Friday . ` My mom and Aunt Leslie have been found , and they are alive and well , thank God ! ' Wright 's daughter , Stacy Calvin-Lowe , wrote on Facebook Friday . ` Everyone that help us search , everyone that prayed , everyone that supported us , from the depths of my heart , thank you ! ` I am so thankful , and overwhelmed with joy , I ca n't stop crying ! I ca n't wait to see my momma , I ca n't wait to tell her I love her !! I am incredibly happy ! '