Brendan Rodgers has come out fighting after suffering Wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season . Another trophyless season is nearing an end after losing to Aston Villa but Rodgers said : ` I do n't think there is anyone better . That is the reality of how I see it . Three months ago I was a tactical genius . Now I have lost a game and it is not so good . ` I have got a strong relationship with the owners and they understand that this was going to be the process . I have n't taken over a machine that was for 10 years used to winning trophies . ' Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season . Steven Gerrard -LRB- left -RRB- trains alongside Jordan Henderson , who signed a new Liverpool contract on Thursday . Adam Lallana -LRB- left -RRB- was back in training for Liverpool as they prepare to take on West Brom . Henderson -LRB- left -RRB- shakes hands with captain Gerrard on the day he signed a new Liverpool contract . Liverpool have been putting in the hard yards on the Melwood training pitch in a bid to ensure they hit back from their FA Cup nightmare when they take on West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday . Rodgers leads his side to The Hawthorns after watching them wilt on the big stage against Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last weekend , crashing out of the cup with a 2-1 defeat and a toothless display . The Reds welcome Adam Lallana back to the fold for the game against Tony Pulis ' team while Jordan Henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new five-year deal at the club . He shook hands with Steven Gerrard at training on Thursday as the changing of the guard at Liverpool draws closer . Henderson is expected to take Gerrard 's captain 's armband on a permanent basis when the iconic No 8 departs for Los Angeles Galaxy when his contract expires at the end of the season . Liverpool are fifth in the Premier League table , seven points behind Manchester City in fourth but with a game in hand on last year 's champions . Jordon Ibe -LRB- left -RRB- and Joe Allen compete for the ball during Liverpool 's training session on Thursday . Philippe Coutinho -LRB- right -RRB- tries to keep the ball away from Gerrard as they prepare for West Brom . Raheem Sterling puts in a shift as Liverpool aim to hit back from FA Cup defeat by Aston Villa . Striker Mario Balotelli is one of a number of players whose future at Liverpool is in doubt past this season . Champions League qualification remains unlikely and Rodgers is expected to conduct an overhaul of his squad in the summer , with question marks over the futures of players such as Mario Balotelli , Kolo Toure , Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert . Liverpool 's recruitment policy has fallen under intense scrutiny following the semi-final defeat to by Villa but Rodgers ' position as manager at the club is understood to be secure .