An Irish tourist accused of leaving his brother in a coma after a late night argument in Sydney has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm after the crown declined to downgrade the charge . But Barry Lyttle , 33 , will now be sentenced in Sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court , where people could face up to 10 years for that offence . Patrick Lyttle , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother , Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney 's inner-city on January 3 . Downing Centre Local Court was told of the plea during a brief mention on Thursday , where Lyttle was supported by family , including his younger brother Patrick , whom he punched in Potts Point in the early hours of January 3 . His elder brother was charged with recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . Lyttle 's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack , with Patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother and calling for the charges to be dismissed . But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Lyttle agreed to plead guilty . The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing . The hearing is expected to include CCTV footage of the attack and evidence from criminologist John Braithwaite , an expert in ` restorative justice ' , which covers sentencing options other than imprisonment . Scroll down for video . Looking healthy : Patrick Lyttle -LRB- second from right -RRB- and Barry Lyttle -LRB- third from left -RRB- appeared in fine health as they arrived at Downing Centre Local Court today . The Lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against Barry -LRB- centre -RRB- should be dropped . Patrick Lyttle -LRB- right -RRB- said he had made a ` fantastic recovery ' The Lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against Lyttle should be dropped . During a brief mention of the matter on Thursday , the prosecutor asked for a further adjournment saying police had served both parties with further material and they needed more time to negotiate . Lyttle 's lawyer , Chris Watson , said if talks were successful they expect the matter to remain in the local court jurisdiction and to be dealt with quickly . Outside court Patrick said he had made ` a fantastic recovery ' . Mr Lyttle spent nearly a week in an induced coma in January following his brother 's alleged attack before making his remarkable recovery at St Vincent 's Hospital in Sydney 's inner suburbs . Patrick 's appearance in court today was his first without wearing a beanie . He appeared in fine health as he and his brother arrived wearing matching suits and shoes . The younger Mr Lyttle has previously called on the charges laid against his brother to be dropped . The brothers , who have been accompanied by their father OIiver throughout their stay in Australia , wish to return home to Ireland together as soon as possible . The matter will return to court on April 16 . Patrick Lytlle -LRB- middle -RRB- has called on charges against his brother Barry -LRB- left -RRB- to be dropped . Barry Lyttle is pictured arriving at court with his brother , Patrick , and his girlfriend , Patricia . Patrick was treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit on January 3 . Today 's court appearance was the first where Patrick Lyttle , pictured right last month , has appeared without wearing a beanie . The brothers from Belfast in Ireland -LRB- pictured here as children -RRB- went on a night out on January 3 in Kings Cross . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .