Have you ever panicked about whether you locked the front door , been woken by a Facebook notification or desperately needed a phone charger ? To deal with these sorts of everyday emergencies , one company has designed a range of prototype products . You can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be made into an actual product , funded through a Kickstarter campaign . Scroll down for video . Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix . They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . These include forgetting to lock the door , which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype , shown . The products were designed as part of the Direct Line Everyday Fix design makeathon . They asked people to pick their top ten ` everyday emergencies ' - things that caused them an undue amount of stress in their daily lives . Groups from London-based design company Makerversity were then asked to design products that could alleviate certain emergencies - and three were picked for a shortlist . 1 . Not being able to sleep -LRB- 46 per cent * -RRB- . 2 . Losing your keys -LRB- 37 per cent -RRB- . 3 . Being stuck in traffic when already late -LRB- 35 per cent -RRB- . 4 . Losing an important paper or document -LRB- 33 per cent -RRB- . 5 . Nowhere to park -LRB- 32 per cent -RRB- . 6 . Printer not working when you need to print something -LRB- 31 per cent -RRB- . 7 . Running out of battery on your phone whilst out -LRB- 31 per cent -RRB- . 8 . Discovering you are out of toilet roll whilst on the loo -LRB- 30 per cent -RRB- . 9 . Dealing with machine operated customer service -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- . 10 . Forgetting your bank card when paying for an item -LRB- 25 per cent -RRB- . * How many people thought this was a problem . In the survey of 2,000 people , the top emergency was not being able to sleep . So a group called Instruments designed a product called ` Snooze ' , an alarm clock which connects with your phone and silences any notifications to ensure a good night 's sleep . To deal with not remembering if you had locked your door , ONN Studio created the Forget Me Lock - a device to reassure you that you have locked the front door . It fastens on the key and swivels green to show the door is open , and red to signify it 's locked . This means that even when out or about , you can find out if your door is locked or not . Another group designed Nipper - the world 's smallest mobile phone charger according to its creators , Impulse . Any household battery can be used as its energy source , with two terminals attaching either side and then connecting to your phone to provide a boost . Direct Line is running a competition on Twitter where you can vote for your favourite of these three products by retweeting tweets about Snooze , Forget Me Lock or Nipper . The Forget Me Lock is coloured green and red and fastens on a key . When the key is turned in a lock it swivels green to show the door is open , and red to signify it 's locked . Another group designed Nipper - the world 's smallest mobile phone charger according to its creators , Impulse . Any household battery can be used as its energy source , with two terminals attaching either side and then connecting to your phone to provide a boost . The Nipper device -LRB- shown -RRB- is designed to help people who run out of battery while they are out and about . In the survey of 2,000 people , the top emergency was not being able to sleep . So a group called Instruments designed a product called Snooze , shown , an alarm clock which connects with your phone and silences any notifications to ensure a good night 's sleep . Whichever tweet has the most retweets , with the #EverydayFix hashtag , by 23 April will go into a Kickstarter fundraising campaign and ultimately into development . ` We 've seen the great British designers of tomorrow create smart and simple solutions to real life everyday emergencies , ' said Paul Smyth , co-founder of Makerversity . ` Through the Direct Line Everyday Fix event , we 've been able to extend our role as `` fixers '' and work with some unique creative talent to produce a fantastic shortlist of exciting prototypes that start to solve the nation 's everyday emergencies , ' added John Shaw , head of r & d and Innovation at Direct Line . Of the products that did n't make the cut , one was a helmet with ` bone conduction headphones ' that gave you directions while cycling without impairing your ability to hear the environment around you . Another was a parking pin that you could leave in a space , which would then alert you when the space was free , if you could n't find somewhere to park . And as another solution to your phone running out of battery , one team designed an app that lets you nominate people to receive your messages when your phone dies . Products that did n't make the final shortlist included the Parking Pin , shown . You could leave this in a parking space , and it will alert you when the space is free , so you can park your car . The Relay app , shown , would let you nominate people to receive your messages when your phone dies . And the ` Hat Nav ' was a smart helmet that used ` bone conduction headphones ' to give you directions while cycling without impairing your ability to hear the environment around you .