Aeroplanes are infamous as breeding grounds for bacteria , with tray tables , seats and blankets singled out as the worst offenders on board . But an entrepreneurial team are hoping their new invention will revolutionise the cleaning of aircraft and help airlines win the battle against bacteria . Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot , called the Germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin . Scroll down for video . A father and son team have created a robot , called the Germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin . The seats , tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria including E.coli . According to the businessmen , germs such as E.coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week on suraces within an aircraft and there are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned . But the family team has developed the unusual new robot as a way to counter issues with cleaning the interior of a plane - which currently only takes place a few times a year . When the plane is parked and empty , the device , which is the size of a drinks cart , patrols the aisles using motion sensors to navigate itself . As it does , it spreads its two ` wings ' over the seats on either side . Those wings contain UV-C lamps , which are the same type used for disinfection in places like hospitals and water treatment plants . It also has UV-C lamps on its top and sides . Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg , from Los Angeles , said the 3.5 billion people expected to fly this year risk falling ill due to poor plane hygiene . Writing on their Kickstarter page to raise money for their project , Mo said : ` Germs will survive on aeroplane surfaces sometimes for as long as seven days . ` There are no regulations or cleanliness standards for the passenger cabins of airplanes . Aeroplane travelers are at heightened risk of catching the common cold , flu , or more serious infections . ' They said their device could spare passengers from catching illnesses when flying and give airlines a competitive edge . Last year a study from the Auburn University in Alabama discovered disease-causing bacteria can survive for up to a week inside plane cabins , on surfaces such as seat pockets , tray tables , window shades and armrests . When the plane is parked and empty , the device , which is the size of a drinks cart , patrols the aisles using motion sensors to navigate itself . As it does , it spreads its two ` wings ' over the seats on either side . Staphylococcus aureus -LRB- MRSA -RRB- , a bacteria that could cause infections , skin disease , pneumonia and sepsis , lived the longest -LRB- 168 hours -RRB- . Escherichia coli -LRB- E. coli -RRB- , which can cause urinary tract infection , respiratory illness and diarrhoea , was found to survive for 96 hours . Mo added : ` The industry is growing aggressively . Implementing daily , routine airplane sanitization could disrupt or limit the rate bacteria and viruses spread , as the industry grows . ` We have created an efficient and practical way for airlines to sanitize the interiors of commercial planes between passenger loads . Its wings contain UV-C lamps , which are the same type used for disinfection in places like hospitals and water treatment plants . It also has UV-C lamps on its top and sides . Using UV-C light they have have proven a 99.99 per cent germ-kill rate in under 10 minutes with no damage or reaction from any cabin materials . ` Using UV-C light , we have proven a 99.99 per cent germ-kill rate in under 10 minutes with no damage or reaction from any cabin materials . The Germfalcon is programmed to reach the most commonly touched passenger surfaces and kill all germs that are exposed to the robot 's sanitising lights . ' The robot , which contains settings for sanitising toilets and galleys , also comes with fans and filters to clean the air and suck in dust particles . The Kreitenburgs , who have been working on the robot for several years , are about to start work on their fourth and final prototype before going into commercial production . They are currently seeking sponsorship via Kickstarter and are offering backers the chance to fly on the first completely clean flight .