To hear Leigh Griffiths tell it , the intervention staged by Celtic boss Ronny Deila and assistant John Collins was definitely closer to a kick in the what-nots than it was a pat on the back . Whatever the detail of the conversation , and however lasting the effects may be , the short-term impact on the 24-year-old force of nature -- often as unruly and unpredictable as a whirlwind -- has been nothing short of remarkable . As the kid himself puts it : ` Being top scorer now means that , since I have had a talk with the manager , I have knuckled down and proved him wrong , proved JC wrong and shown that I deserve to be here . ' Hat-trick hero Leigh Griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award . Rather revealing , is n't it ? Clearly demanding Deila and original gym rat Collins did not hold back in dealing with the gifted but wild natural talent , wielding a big stick in a bid to persuade Griffiths that the carrot was n't such a bad alternative to chips and tea cakes . ` I had to improve , ' admits the former Hibs star . ` I was n't playing at the start of the season . I had a talk with the manager and John Collins about everything and about what they wanted me to do . ` Thankfully , in the two months since the turn of the year , I have knuckled down and they are seeing the rewards now . ` What did they say to me ? I had to be working hard in the gym and working hard to get my fitness levels up . I did that and I have been bang on form since the turn of the year . ` When I was at Hibs , I would have been the first name on the team sheet given the goals I scored . ` But coming here , it 's a massive club and , with the new manager coming into the club , he wanted to impose his own philosophy . ` Playing one up front , you have to work hard and my fitness levels were not up to his standards . Since January , though , my fitness levels have been good and I have been scoring goals . ` I was brought to Celtic to score goals and I 've started to do that since the turn of the year . I have n't set any new targets -- but I do want a good run of games . ` I want to be starting every game from now until the end of the season and score as many goals as I possibly can . Celtic 's Leigh Griffiths -LRB- right -RRB- completes his hat-trick against Kilmarnock . ` The manager selects the team he thinks is best to win the game and we have boys in the squad and coming on from the bench . ` Myself , Anthony Stokes , Stuart Armstrong , Gary Mackay-Steven were all on the bench against Kilmarnock . ' Griffiths is making a stronger case than most by banging in the goals , his hat-trick in Wednesday night 's 4-1 home win over Kilmarnock definitely ranking among the better substitute performances the Scottish game has seen this season . His second treble haul in Celtic colours took his total for the season to 15 goals , the majority of those coming in 2015 , as he has contended more frequently with John Guidetti , Stefan Scepovic and Anthony Stokes for the lone striker 's role favoured -- for now , at least -- by Deila . Watching Guidetti amble around aimlessly until Griffiths arrived to partner the big Swede on Wednesday night , it definitely seems as though Deila has only two options for Sunday 's Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness . Either he plays both in a traditional front-pairing . Or he lets Griffiths , scorer of an early opener against Caley Thistle in the Highlands last weekend , loose on his own at Hampden . If his midweek goals explosion makes it impossible to omit the former Livingston , Dundee and Wolves striker from the starting XI , his record in major semi-finals at the national stadium also counts in his favour . Substitute Griffiths came off the bench to spark Celtic into life after lacklustre first-half . The extra-time hero as he scored his second of the game to ease Hibs past Falkirk 4-3 at this stage of the Scottish Cup two years ago , Griffiths also opened the scoring for Celtic against Rangers in the League Cup semi earlier this season . ` I 've played in two semi-finals at Hampden and I have won two , ' he points out . ` Hopefully , I can continue that . ` I 'll be looking to score again . But the most important thing is for the team to win the game and reach the Scottish Cup Final . ` Inverness will come down and make it difficult for us . They proved last weekend they are a hard team to beat . ` Every game against them this season has been tight and I expect the same again on Sunday . ' If Griffiths starts and plays as he did against Killie , even Caley Thistle at their most obdurate will struggle to cope . His hat-trick -- one perfectly placed header , one absolute screamer from distance and a driven low finish -- was a timely reminder of what he can do , when the mood is upon him . Celtic manager Ronny Deila -LRB- left -RRB- congratulates Griffiths after the final whistle . ` It was n't a bad night 's work , ' he says with a smile . ` It was just good to get the win because we were disappointed not to win at Inverness last weekend . And we had suffered a setback , going 1-0 down to Kilmarnock , although the boys fought back in the right way . ` All of the goals were my favourites . The first one was a great ball into the box by Kris Commons and I managed to head it down into the net . ` The second one went in off the post and I was just waiting for the whistle to go for being offside for the third . Thankfully , it did n't come and I fired it back across the goalkeeper . ` It 's only my third hat-trick in senior football , so it 's decent . My second one came for Celtic against Inverness last year . ' Cute move , dropping that into conversation . Take note , gaffer ? Not only am I bang in form , not only do I have a great record at Hampden , but I 've shown I can do the business against Inverness . Celtic start as favourites on Sunday and , with Hibs also edging the odds in their semi against Falkirk , Griffiths could spend May 30 torn between professional pride and genuine love for his hometown team . Asked outright if he would like to face Hibernian , balancing up the desire to become a Treble winner against the need to condemn his boyhood heroes to at least one more year of Scottish Cup taunts , Griffiths admitted : ` Honest answer , no ! ` If they get there , it will be great for the club , but I 'm just concentrating on doing my job for Celtic . We are eight points clear in the league and in a good position and , obviously , we want to go for the Treble . ` There is still a long way to go and we have difficult games coming up . At the moment , Inverness are standing in our way of having a potentially great season . '