Prince Charles has led tributes to the girl dubbed the ' 100-year-old teenager ' as hundreds of mourners gathered for her funeral . In a letter to Hayley Okines 's grieving parents Charles described the 17-year-old progeria sufferer , who died earlier this month , as ` an inspiration to millions ' . There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK - it causes people to age eight times faster than the usual rate . Scroll down for video . Prince Charles ' letter was read at Hayley 's funeral by Father Michael Bailey at All Saints Church in Sidley , Bexhill-on-Sea , East Sussex . Her tiny turquoise coffin -LRB- pictured -RRB- is carried out of the church . In a letter -LRB- pictured -RRB- to Hayley 's parents Charles described her as ` an inspiration to millions ' In his letter the Prince said he had been ` deeply impressed by her incredible spirit and her infectious love of life ' when they met at the Children of Courage event at Westminster Abbey in 2004 . Charles ' letter was read at Hayley 's funeral by Father Michael Bailey at All Saints Church in Sidley , Bexhill-on-Sea , East Sussex , where more than 250 colourfully-dressed mourners gathered this afternoon . On Clarence House-headed paper , Charles told Hayley 's parents Kerry and Mark : ` I know that she was an inspiration to millions in the way she dealt with the unimaginable challenge of progeria . ` You must be so very proud of the way that she used her brief life to make such a difference to the lives of others through her charity work and I do hope you can take some comfort , despite all the anguish you must be suffering , in her truly astounding achievements . More than 250 colourfully-dressed mourners gathered at the church for Hayley 's funeral this afternoon . Hayley 's mother Kerry watches as her daughter 's coffin is carried into the church before the funeral . Hayley 's mother Kerry -LRB- pictured -RRB- broke down as she paid tribute to her daughter at her funeral today . ` It is all the most tremendous credit to the unfailing love and care which I know your family gave her . I fear that under such unspeakably sad circumstances mere words are hopelessly and utterly inadequate . Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley 's grieving parents calling her ` an inspiration to millions ' ` So although I realise only too well that it will be of no consolation whatsoever , all we can do is to hold you in our most special thoughts and prayers at such a heart-rending time . ` Yours , with the greatest sympathy , Charles . ' Hayley 's tiny turquoise-coloured coffin was carried into church by pallbearers in front of mourners who had gathered from countries including America , Portugal and Belgium . Candles were lit before Hayley 's younger sister Ruby sang a song called You 're Free , which included the line : ` God takes the best ... there must 've been a reason why they took you first . ' In a personal address to the church , Ruby then spoke of her fond memories of Hayley , whose death prompted tributes from celebrities she had met , including Justin Bieber . Ruby told the congregation that ` she could not ask for a better sister ' , adding : ` Now we all have to be strong about it . I still ca n't get my head around it . ' Hayley 's mother broke down as she paid tribute to her daughter , telling mourners : ` This is the hardest thing I have ever had to do . ` I 'm so proud to call you my daughter . You are the reason why I got out of bed in the morning and managed to put one foot in front of another . ' Mrs Okines said she loved Hayley 's ` sarcasm , dry sense of humour and stubbornness ' . And she added : ` I ca n't imagine spending the rest of my life without you . ' Mr Okines spoke of his ` very special girl ' in a poem read out in church . He said : ` Hayley , if you can hear me , I love you so much . ' A slideshow depicting some of Hayley 's achievements and the people she had met throughout her short life were played on a big screen in church . The Prince of Wales mets Hayley at the annual Children of Courage Awards at Westminster Abbey in 2002 . When she was 13 Hayley met her favourite popstar Justin Bieber -LRB- both pictured -RRB- - much to her delight . Hayley and her parents -LRB- pictured -RRB- when she appeared in a documentary about her illness . They included cherished images of the youngster on holidays , on outings , with friends and family , and with celebrities including Kylie Minogue , Frank Lampard , John Terry and Norman Wisdom . Father Michael read excerpts from Hayley 's book , Old Before My Time , published when she was 14 , before paying tribute to her ` courage ' in an address . He said : ` She has touched the hearts and minds of many people , in the parish , in Sidley , the nation and internationally , too . ` We all of us one day will depart this life and will we have the same courage as this young lady to face the problems of life so head on ? ` Not to wish away our problems but to deal with them to directly with strong determination . ' Father Michael said Hayley 's ` memory and legacy ' would never be forgotten . There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and Hayley was one of only four in the UK . Floral tributes for Hayley pictured outside All Saints Church in Bexhill-on-Sea ahead of her funeral today . Hayley Okines ' mother Kerruy leads friends and family as they arrive at All Saints Church in Bexhill-on-Sea . The hundreds of colourfully dressed mourners follow Hayley 's coffin as it is taken away from the church . And he went on : ` Hayley 's smile tells us that she lived an action-packed life . It is hard to keep up with all her adventures , as a 13-year-old girl she hugged Justin Bieber . ` She was a teenager with all the hopes and excitements of life . This is her memory , her legacy , to live for the day and to do so with courage . ' Following prayers , Hayley 's coffin was brought out of church to Do n't Stop by 5 Seconds of Summer , before a private committal . Hayley and her family had fundraised for her medical treatment and to raise public understanding of the condition . Hayley became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition . She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . Progeria takes its name from the Greek word ` proeros ' , meaning prematurely old . It involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing . There are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK . 10 year old progeria child will have the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness , arthritis and heart problems , but the mind of a 10 year old . Progeria patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13 . But Hayley , from Bexhill , East Sussex , defied the odds to live four more years and even published an autobiography about living with the disease . Her story was catapulted into the limelight after she starred in documentaries called The Girl who is Older than Her Mother and World 's Oldest Teenager : Extraordinary People . Her autobiography , called Old Before my Time , detailed pop-star crushes and a dislike of school . But it was also a moving insight into how a child copes with a disease which resulted in Hayley having the body of a 105-year-old . In an interview with The Sunday People in 2013 , her mother described the hell of living with the disease . ` The most difficult part is Hayley has the mind of a normal 13-year-old girl locked in an old person 's body , ' she said . ` Someone else has to get her a drink as she 's too small to reach taps by herself . ` And buying fashionable clothes is tough because she still wears clothes for a five-year-old . Hayley , who turned 17 on December 3 , left school last summer . However , despite pioneering drug treatment in the US that gave her a new lease of life , she was unable to conquer the disease . Her health deteriorated and she contracted pneumonia , and died at home on April 2 . Her death was announced on April 3 when her mother Kerry posted on Facebook : ` My baby girl has gone somewhere better . She took her last breath in my arms at 9.39 pm x. ' Hayley 's parents have previously described the heartache her condition had caused . Her mother said : ' -LSB- When she was born -RSB- she had fine blonde hair , blue eyes and her father and I were besotted with her . ` At 10 months she walked for the first time -- we were so proud . ` The only concern was she was so petite and did n't appear to be growing . ` But as I 'm only 5ft 4ins I tried to tell myself she simply took after me . ' Hayley and her family fundraised for her medical treatment and to raise public understanding of the condition . At 13 months , Hayley still wore clothes for a three-month-old , so her mother took her to their GP . Tests revealed she had a rare gene mutation called Hutchinson-Gilford progeria . Next came the devastating news that Hayley would only live until the age of 13 . Determined to make the most of the time she had , the family embarked on giving Hayley amazing memories . Members of the local community raised thousands of pounds to pay for her to go to Disneyland in California . In her short life , Hayley went swimming with dolphins , travelled all over the world , met Prince Charles , Kylie Minogue and Justin Bieber and starred in several TV documentaries . Despite her terrible prognosis , the teenager remained upbeat . ` In many ways I feel I 've been lucky . Because of this I 've met more people and done more than many do in a lifetime , ' she said .