Tony Pulis returned to Selhurst Park for the first time since he left Crystal Palace and masterminded a victory which pulled his West Bromwich Albion side to the edge of safety . Alan Pardew tried new ideas on the pitch to outwit Pulis but an early goal from James Morrison and stunner from Craig Gardner meant he could not deliver a satisfying result against the man who left Palace two days before this season kicked off . Despite the timing of his departure , however , there was very little bad blood between Palace 's fans and Pulis who was roundly applauded as he came out from the tunnel in the corner of a ground where the seats are close to the pitch and the crowd can be unforgiving . A few boos broke the surface , but they were drowned out by waves of the respect he deserved for saving them from relegation last season , during his 10-month tenure , when he won the Premier League LMA Manager of the Year award . West Brom midfielder Craig Gardner celebrates having scored the second for Tony Pulis ' side with a fine long ranged effort . Before two minutes on the clock , James Morrison -LRB- right -RRB- headed West Brom ahead following a corner from team-mate Chris Brunt . The West Brom players race to congratulate Morrison -LRB- top left -RRB- , who headed the away side in front against Crystal Palace on Saturday . Crystal Palace -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Speroni 6 ; Ward 6 , Delaney 6 , Dann 6 , Ledley 6 -LRB- Souare 46 6 -RRB- ; McArthur 6 -LRB- Sanogo 80 -RRB- , Jedinak 6 -LRB- Gayle 46 6 -RRB- , Puncheon 6.5 ; Zaha 6.5 , Murray 6.5 , Bolasie 8 . Subs not used : Hennessey , Hangeland , Kelly , Ameobi . Manager : Alan Pardew 5.5 . Booked : Puncheon , Dann , Bolasie . West Brom -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Myhill 8.5 ; Dawson 6 -LRB- Wisdom 71 6 -RRB- , McAuley 6.5 , Lescott 6.5 , Brunt 7 ; Morrison 7 , Fletcher 6 , Yacob 6 , Gardner 7.5 -LRB- Olsson 81 -RRB- ; Berahino 6 -LRB- Baird 88 -RRB- , Anichebe 6 . Subs not used : Rose , McManaman , Sessegnon , Ideye . Manager : Tony Pulis 7.5 . Booked : McAuley , Gardner , Brunt . Referee : Jonathan Moss 7 . MOTM : Myhill . Attendance : 24,765 . Craig Gardner scored a fine long range effort at Selhurst Park -LRB- above -RRB- . CLICK HERE to see more from Sportsmail 's MATCH ZONE . ` You never know what to expect , ' Pulis said in regard to returning to a former club . ` They did well for me last year and I hope I repaid them a little bit in respect to what we did in the dressing room and on the pitch . ` It is a good club . It has got unbelievable potential and I mean that . The supporters are wonderful and they have a good manager . They can push on -- if Alan is given the money and the opportunity to push this club forward this club could be a good club . ' Yannick Bolasie even made the effort to go over and shake Pulis ' hand as he strolled down the touchline . Yet the south London locals would not have been expecting what came within two minutes of kick off when West Brom took the lead . Chris Bunt swung in a corner from the left and James Morrison managed to lose Palace midfielder Jason Puncheon and nod in , completely free , from five yards out . Some of Puncheon 's team-mates looked around in disbelief that the West Brom man was afforded so much space in the box . ` That was a weakness in our set up that Tony exploited , ' Pardew admitted . ` It was well worked . Their guy took Puncheon to the edge of the box where he is not comfortable marking . ` We knew Tony would know the players well , know the strengths and weaknesses , I tried to throw a few ideas in on the pitch . They did n't come off . Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie greets former Eagles boss Tony Pulis -LRB- right -RRB- before kick-off at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon . Claudio Yacob of West Brom -LRB- right -RRB- tracks the run of Crystal Palace 's Wilfried Zaha during their Premier League clash in South London . Mile Jedinak of Crystal Palace -LRB- right -RRB- battles with Victor Anichebe of West Bromwich Albion for possession in the air at Selhurst Park . West Brom captain Darren Fletcher -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with goalscorer James Morrison after his early header at Crystal Palace . ` Our fans are terrific in terms of the understanding of what Tony did here last year , they respected that . People know Tony does an honest job , he plays the game his way and we respect that . ' Despite that early set back , however , Crystal Palace started to play the eye-catching football that has made Pardew so popular in these parts during his short spell in charge . And it was all coming through their main man , Bolasie , on the left . In the 24th minute he weaved into the box , played a one-two then poked an effort towards the near post which West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill did well to save with his feet . Three minutes later he cut in from his flank and bent an effort towards the far corner that Myhill clawed out . Then , just after the half-hour , a ball came in from the opposite flank from Joel Ward , was headed on by Glenn Murray and Bolasie executed a sublime bicycle kick , only to be denied by Myhill once again . If Pulis , dressed in his usual full tracksuit , trainers and cap on the touchline , provided this Crystal Palace team with the spine and solidity to compete in the top flight , Pardew , resplendent in suit and tie , has given them the suave and flair to delight . In this instance , Pulis ' resilient style prevailed and against the run of play they added a second on 53 minutes . The ball came out from a West Brom corner and Gardner took a touch before , 30 yards out and slightly to the right of goal , he buried a right-foot strike over Julian Speroni into the left of goal . It is almost mission accomplished for Pulis at West Brom as they moved to 36 points and put a healthy gap between themselves and the bottom three . Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur controls the ball with West Brom 's Chris Brunt fast approaching at Selhurst Park . Victor Anichebe of West Brom takes on Scott Dann -LRB- left -RRB- and Jason Puncheon of Crystal Palace -LRB- right -RRB- during the Premier League contest . Chris Brunt of West Brom and Glenn Murray of Crystal Palace vie for possession during the Premier League match at Selhurst Park . Gardner lets fly with this long range strike , which ended up doubling West Brom 's lead at the Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon . The West Brom midfielder is congratulated by team-mate Joleon Lescott -LRB- right -RRB- as he celebrates his fine solo strike in the second-half . West Brom keeper Boaz Myhill falls in to the goal netting after failing to keep out Craig Gardner 's long range strike on Saturday . Pape N'Diaye Souare of Crystal Palace -LRB- left -RRB- and James Morrison of West Brom compete for the ball during the Premier League clash . Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie -LRB- right -RRB- was lively once again but could n't stop Alan Pardew 's side falling to a 2-0 home defeat . West Brom manager Tony Pulis -LRB- centre -RRB- barks out the instructions on the touchline as he witnessed his side take three valuable points . Victor Anichebe of West Brom and Pape N'Diaye Souare of Crystal Palace challenge for the ball at Selhurst Park during their league contest . Crystal Palace 's striker Yaya Sanogo scores only for his goal to be disallowed during the 2-0 defeat to West Brom on Saturday . Both sets of players vie for the ball as a cross heads into the box at Selhurst Park as West Brom defeated the south Londoners 2-0 on Saturday .