France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry . The health reforms , which include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content , have now passed through the upper house of parliament . An analysis of the reforms by Sarah Jackson , a research psychologist at University College London , suggested that censoring images of ultra-thin models may ease their adverse effects on young women , such as concerns about body image and behaviours such as unhealthy eating . But while some have been hailing the legislation as a ` crackdown on anorexia ' , the laws may be unlikely to have any such effect . The view that anorexia is caused by comparing oneself to catwalk models remains popular . But Rachel Cole-Fletcher , of Durham University says it is not a lifestyle choice and personality traits are to blame -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Not a lifestyle choice . In Western Europe , around 0.5 per cent of adults are thought to be affected by anorexia nervosa . In around 10 per cent of these cases , the sufferers are men . These figures , however , are likely to be an underestimation . Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness , mostly due to organ failure and suicide . Yet , the illness is often mistaken by many as a lifestyle choice with an external cause . Despite accounts of the disorder pre-dating the fashion industry , the view that anorexia is caused by comparing oneself to a catwalk model remains popular . Likewise , while pro-ana websites insist that anorexia is a commitment , not an illness , they are highly exclusive online communities , created by and for those already showing signs of the illness . The merely curious are not welcome . High levels of perfectionism , a need for organisation and a focus on details are often observed in those with anorexia , studies have shown . Instead , the link between media endorsement of extreme thinness and the development of anorexia is neither simple nor clear . Research mentioned by Ms Jackson did find that women evaluated their bodies more negatively after viewing images of thin models . However , this effect was small and mostly determined by women 's pre-existing opinions of their figures -- women who were already dissatisfied with their body were most affected . As this effect was only measured at one point in time , the effects of prolonged exposure are not known , but when more images were used there was a tendency for the effect to be smaller . Perhaps , as the authors suggested , these images activated , rather than cultivated , beauty ideals . Whether the effects of media exposure on body dissatisfaction leads to changes in eating behaviour is also unclear . Another study , also cited by Jackson , looked for a link between a person 's real-life media exposure and eating disorder symptoms . The results were fairly inconsistent , with some factors -- such as body dissatisfaction -- only corresponding to some types of media , and others -- such as self-worth -- showing no relationship . More importantly , the research showed correlation , not causation -- it is just as plausible that women already unhappy with their bodies seek out thinness-promoting media more often . After all , if such a simple causal relationship did exist , the pervasiveness of these images in our culture raises the question of why the majority of our population is overweight , rather than underweight . In Western Europe , around 0.5 per cent of adults are thought to be affected by anorexia nervosa , but these figures tend to be underestimated , experts said -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Model ban but no support . Most researchers currently view the cultural value placed on thinness as a ` background risk factor ' . Meanwhile , several psychological and biological factors are implicated . High levels of perfectionism , a need for organisation and a focus on details are often observed in those with anorexia . Recent research suggests there is a lower reward response to food in the brain , even after recovery . Some of these factors seem to be influenced by genetic inheritance . Stressful experiences may then influence whether these existing factors then lead to developing the disorder . More than one risk factor will be necessary . So the legislation is likely to have little effect on the prevalence of anorexia in the general population , but it also offers no support to the models themselves . The law requires a medical certificate proving that a model has a BMI of at least 18 . This is still underweight , according to the World Health Organisation . Regular weigh-ins have been only vaguely suggested and there 's been no mention of an obligation to offer support to a model who fails a weigh-in . While there is some debate over whether models are at a higher risk of developing eating disorders , this career certainly encourages unhealthy behaviour . Thinness of this degree has hugely damaging effects on the internal organs , bones and brain . It can cause obsessiveness and social withdrawal even in psychologically healthy people . France has already lost a high-profile model to anorexia -- yet the new laws almost encourage agencies to wash their hands of models who fall ill . Legislation banning models with a BMI under 18 is likely to have little effect on the prevalence of anorexia in the general population , but it also offers no support to the models themselves , experts have argued . In the same way , while pro-ana content is undoubtedly harmful , the new laws punish those who are in need of help . This exclusively punitive approach is likely to drive these sites further undergound . If the measures are enforced -- if spot checks continue , weigh-ins are n't cheated and other countries are supportive -- they may be a positive move . They may be a first step towards a culture that prioritises health over aesthetics -- whether that means a dangerously small or unhealthily large body . Nonetheless , this will mostly benefit the worried well -- those who , regrettably , are unhappy with their bodies , but are otherwise unlikely to develop anorexia nervosa . Claiming that these laws address one of the most treatment-resistant mental illnesses is far too optimistic . This article was co-written by Lexie Thorpe , an MSc in Developmental Cognitive Neuroscience at Durham University .