JIMMY 'S TON UP . Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test . And well deserved it was , too . The list of fast bowling centurions is a short one and Anderson finds himself in good company with Courtney Walsh -LRB- 132 -RRB- , Glenn McGrath -LRB- 124 -RRB- , Chaminda Vaas -LRB- 111 -RRB- , Shaun Pollock -LRB- 108 -RRB- , Wasim Akram -LRB- 104 -RRB- and Makhaya Ntini -LRB- 101 -RRB- . Jimmy Anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 Test matches for England . RICHIE REMEMBERED . In a week when cricket lost one of its most revered voices , respectful tributes were paid before play began in Antigua . Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute 's silence in honour of the late , great Richie Benaud , who passed away last week . The players and officials also wore black armbands to show their respect . Both teams paid their respects to Richie Benaud before the start of play after he died last week . CANDID CAMERON . Dave Cameron -- the West Indies Cricket Board president as opposed to the Prime Minister -- said he needed to convince his team of the worth of playing for their country rather than playing for themselves . He told the BBC : ` We have to help them understand that the team is the most important thing . ' HIGH AND KNIGHTY . There were some famous faces on show as the two ends of the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium were renamed in honour of Sir Curtly Ambrose and Sir Andy Roberts . Both were knighted at the ground in 2014 and Sir Curtly was joined by Sir Viv before play started . Though the power seems to have gone to Curtly 's head , judging by his unusual haircut ... West Indies coach Sir Curtly Ambrose -LRB- far left -RRB- with Sir Viv Richards -LRB- second left -RRB- before the start of play . CASH BEFORE COUNTRY . What a shame that West Indies ' best batsman Chris Gayle chose to play in the IPL rather than for his country . Gayle hit 21 in a Royal Challengers Bangalore loss . It is a sad sign of the times that West Indies ' best would put a T20 competition before Test cricket . Money talks , of course , and Gayle has become very wealthy through Twenty20 cricket . It is certainly more lucrative than playing for West Indies . Chris Gayle -LRB- right -RRB- pictured playing for the Royal Challengers Bangalore during the 2012 edition of the IPL . NEW DESIGNS . Ian Bell and Joe Root could be seen wearing new headgear out in the middle . After the death of Phillip Hughes last year , British helmet manufacturers Masuri designed a new model with honeycomb padding to protect the back of the head -- where Hughes was struck . Ian Bell seen wearing a new helmet that had been designed in the wake of Phillip Hughes ' death . MISSING MOEEN . Moeen Ali continued his return from injury with 62 for Worcestershire as they took on champions Yorkshire in the County Championship . Moeen , who has not played for England since straining his side at the World Cup , also bowled nine overs and could yet join up with the squad in the West Indies . Moeen Ali scored 62 for Worcestershire against Yorkshire in the County Championship and bowled nine overs .