The director of a jail for juvenile gang members was gunned down in the streets by prisoners ' fellow criminals as he made his way to work on Friday . Luis Andres Cuyun , 30 , was riding in a car when two suspected Mara Salvatrucha members opened fired on him and his driver , who was injured in the attack . A Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill Cuyun as ` revenge ' for treatment of gang members at the director 's center in Guatemala City . WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW . Luis Andres Cuyun , 30 , the director of a jail for young gang members in Guatemala City , was killed as he went to work on Friday morning . The director and his companion , social welfare official Abimael Rodas Palacios , were riding in their pickup truck when suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fire . Cuyun had been riding to work before the sudden attack on Friday morning in Guatemala City , the nation 's capital and largest city . Salvadoran Juan Carlos Medina Luna , 29 , and Guatemalan Mario Alfonso Aguilar , 18 , were arrested after a short police chase . Juan Carlos Medina Luna , 29 , who entered the country from El Salvador two months ago , said he carried out the hit on the orders of a man named ` El Travieso ' or ` The Naughty One ' and did it ` because I like to kill ' . Guatemalan Mario Alfonso Aguilar , 18 , who is known as Marito , was also arrested for the attack on Friday after a police chase , according to Prensa Libre . Another suspect in the two men 's car fled , police say . The incident reportedly stretched for several blocks after a gang truck pulled alongside Cuyun 's pickup and began shooting . Cuyun and his companion Abimael Rodas Palacios were said to have gotten out of their car and began firing back at their attackers . Palacios , 42 , a worker for the country 's social welfare secretary , was taken to the hospital with bullet wounds in his leg and arm . Two AK-47s and two grenades were found inside Medina Luna and Aguilar 's gray Mitsubishi van . Medina Luna said that the pair had been ordered to kill Cuyun by gang leader El Travieso , and said that he did the hit job because he enjoys killing . Medina Luna said that Cuyun had made his fellow gang members ` vomit blood ' at Las Gaviotas . Above , the victims ' car . Cuyun and Palacios were said to have gotten out of their car and fired back at their attackers before the jail director was gunned down and . Two AK-47s and two fragmentation grenades were found in the suspected attackers ' Mitsubishi when they were arrested . Medina Luna said that Cuyun had made his fellow gang members ` vomit blood ' at Las Gaviotas , which means ` The Seagulls ' , according to Siglo 21 . A children 's advocate from the Guatemalan office of human rights inspected conditions at the facility in 2012 and found that they were acceptable , according to the country 's human rights organization Institución del Procurador de los Derechos Humanos . Mara Salvatrucha , also known as MS-13 . began among Salvadorans in Los Angeles in the 1980s , but became an international criminal gang as members were deported back to Central America . Governments in countries such as Guatemala , El Salvador and Honduras have struggled to control violence , including inter-gang attack between groups such as the Salvatruchas and a gang called Calle 18 . In 2009 the FBI estimated that it had up to 50,000 members worldwide , including up to 10,000 in the US . MS-13 members have been involving in trafficking cocaine into the US , prostitution rings , robberies , assaults , murders and gun smuggling . Gang thugs sent back to Central America from time committing crimes in the US , who often decorate their bodies with elaborate tattoos , are seen as having special status in their home countries . They have used machetes in many of their attacks and often recruit minors . Unicef estimates that 50 killings per year in Guatemala are committed by juveniles . The gang members alleged abuses against their young fellows at Las Gaviotas -LRB- pictured , which means The Seagulls . Roughly 50 killings per year in Guatemala are committed by minors , many of whom are recruited by gangs such as Mara Salvatrucha . Above , inmates at Las Gaviotas attend class . Mara Salvatrucha often decorate their bodies with elaborate tattoos . Above , a former leader of the gang poses during a photo session at Comayagua jail in Honduras in 2008 .