Healing : Mothers have reported powerful properting from eating their placenta . Pictured : a smoothie . There is a tall glass of something very red and rather alarming on the kitchen counter when I meet Kathryn Beale at her three-bedroom home in Swindon . More scary still , she appears to be drinking it . Fortunately it soon becomes clear that my suspicions are unwarranted , as the substance in the tumbler is nothing more troubling than plain old fruit juice . But I am here because Kathryn is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff , and one very disconcerting product in particular . The 41-year-old mother-of-two is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers . Along with some 60 other specialists in this country , she whizzes it into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits . Mothers have reported powerful healing properties , saying that eating their own placenta -LRB- the blood-filled organ that supports the foetus in the womb -RRB- has helped to increase their milk supply , reduce post-natal bleeding , stabilise blood pressure , and , crucially , provide them with more energy to care for their babies . Celebrities who have eaten their own placentas include Hollywood actresses January Jones and Alicia Silverstone and Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton . Kathryn has had no reported cases of food poisoning among her clients . Nor , for that matter , has any other practitioner in the 70-strong Independent Placenta Encapsulation Network -LRB- IPEN -RRB- , of which Kathryn is a member . IPEN estimates that between 4,000 and 5,000 women have used the service since it started in 2010 , the majority in Britain . Yet Kathryn is in despair , having found herself at the centre of a storm which could not only destroy her own business , but help put an end to placenta-eating across the country . Scroll down for video . Natural : Kathryn Beale whizzes plcenta into smoothies or into pills for women convinced of its health benefits . Swindon Council is claiming that her services pose a danger to the mothers she is trying to help , and are taking her to court saying they want to stop her from trading . They have already taken half her essential kit , including a grinder and a pill-maker , meaning she can no longer provide her service . She said : ` It does seem like a witch-hunt . Why should they be doing everything they can to stop me providing a service which I believe helps new mothers ? Yes , some people might be squeamish about it , but that does n't give the council the right to just close me down . ' IPEN director Lynnea Shrief lost her court battle against Dacorum Council in Hertfordshire last year . She believes the legal action is part of a national move to shut down the industry . Three other IPEN businesses have also faced opposition from local authorities . Benefits : Mothers say eating placenta has helped to increase their milk supply and reduce post-natal bleeding . Pictured : Placenta capsules . It was in March that the council took action against Kathryn . Health bosses claimed that dangerous microbes would multiply while the placenta was being processed in her kitchen -- with the risk of poisoning the mother . Last month , Swindon failed to convince a magistrate to grant a hygiene emergency prohibition order against Kathryn , who contested the order . Despite noting her various food-safety certificates , and failing to advise how she might satisfy their health risk concerns , the council is trying again and she will re-appear in court in May . Kathryn says of the council 's inspection : ` It was clear they did n't know how a maternity ward works . They had the impression that placentas were just falling out of women all over the floor and being put into buckets with other placentas . It 's just not the case . ' Kathryn provides her clients -- mostly well-educated , professional women -- with a large zip-lock bag into which the placenta is placed . The bagged organ is then put into a large leak-proof plastic box , which goes into a cool bag packed with ice packs ready for Kathryn to collect . Celebrities who have eaten their own placentas include Mad Men star January Jones -LRB- left -RRB- and Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton -LRB- right -RRB- . If the mother has requested a £ 20 placenta smoothie at the birth , Kathryn blends some with fruit and apple juice using a hand-held blender . She takes the remainder home and either steams the organ with lemon , ginger and green chilli , or dries slices of placenta in a dehydrator before grinding the pieces into a powder which she makes into capsules . This service costs £ 150 . Kathryn , a former primary school teacher turned birth ` doula ' -- a non-medical supporter for expectant mothers -- became interested in placenta consumption after watching chef Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall flambee one on TV . She added placenta processing to her birth doula business in March 2013 after a day-long IPEN training course . She obtained certificates in food safety for manufacturing , infection control , and HACCP , a food safety management system . A Swindon Council spokesman said : ` Preparation of foodstuffs using human placenta in this way can present a number of potentially serious health risks to those who consume them . We are legally obliged to investigate and take whatever steps are necessary to protect consumers . ' A key genetic mutation could explain why some children who catch flu are left fighting for their lives in hospital -- while others just need a day or two in bed . Scientists discovered the mutation after studying a two-year-old French girl who nearly died from the flu . They found she was particularly vulnerable because she had inherited a rare double genetic mutation from both of her parents which meant she was unable to produce a protein called interferon . Interferon , which is commercially available , helps the immune system attack flu and could now be used to save young victims . Professor Jean-Laurent Casanova , from the Imagine Institute of Genetic Diseases in Paris , and the St Giles Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Disease at Rockefeller University in the US , said : ` This finding suggests that one could treat severe childhood flu with interferon . ' The girl , who was critically ill with flu in 2011 , has not had the virus since , after being vaccinated annually . The researchers ' findings have been published in the journal Science .