Two pupils have been suspended after schoolgirl 's drink was spiked with highly corrosive hydrochloric acid during a science lesson . The teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment after she unwittingly downed the potentially lethal liquid at the specialist science college . The girl avoided serious injury from the colourless corrosive substance as a result of the quick thinking actions of staff at Hounsdown School in Southampton , Hampshire . A schoolgirl was left needing medical treatment at Hounsdown School , pictured , after he water bottle was spiked with hydrochloric acid . An investigation was immediately launched into the incident that is understood to have been a classroom prank . Julie Turvey , Headteacher at Hounsdown School , said : ` The school is taking this matter very seriously and continuing its investigation . A student took a sip from a water bottle into which other students had put a small amount of hydrochloric acid . ` Immediate action was taken to assess the student and the risk of serious harm . First aid treatment was administered and , thankfully , no significant injury was caused and no subsequent medical or hospital treatment was needed . ` The welfare and safety of all pupils attending this school is our priority . We have reported the incident to the Police and two students have been temporarily excluded . ' The schoolgirl , who is in Year 11 , raised the alarm on Tuesday after taking a sip from her drink . She discovered an unusual taste and smell to the liquid . The child 's science teacher abandoned the lesson while the girl was sent to the school medical room , assessed and given water to drink . Tests reportedly showed the girl 's water bottle had been contaminated with hydrochloric acid , pictured left . Julie Turvey , Headteacher at Hounsdown School , pictured right said they were taking the matter ` very seriously ' A group of boys thought to have been ` messing around ' in the lesson were later questioned about the incident . Tests reportedly showed the bottle was contaminated with the substance but that the concentration of the acid was low . The schoolgirl , who has not been named , did not require hospital treatment or suffered any ill effects as a result . Hydrochloric acid is a highly corrosive solution of hydrogen chloride and water ; and it is clear and colourless , but highly pungent . It is widely used , including for manufacturing plastic , removing rust from steel , producing leathers , neutralising swimming pools and treating drinking and waste water . If it contacts the skin it can cause severe burns , ulceration and scarring . Hounsdown School is a specialist science college and one of 110 schools in England with teaching school status which allows them to train the teachers of the future . In July 2011 it converted to a ` new style ' academy , run by a governing body free from local authority control . It was rated ` good ' in its last Ofsted report in 2012 and last year 70 per cent of its 237 year 11 students achieved grade A * to C in English and maths . They currently have 1215 students aged 11 to 16 on roll . The incident was said to have happened during a science lesson at the specialist science college .