Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells Henry Ford 's famous Model T. Despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old , the businessman , from Buckinghamshire , is selling one every week , including to the TV and film industry who have used then in shows such as Downton Abbey . Mr Tuckett says his customers love the Model T - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they do n't require need road tax or an MOT and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car , with each one selling for around £ 10,000 . Scroll down for video . Toot : Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett -LRB- pictured -RRB- has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells Henry Ford 's famous Model T . Top of the range : This 1914 model is £ 24,750 and is one of around one a week sold by the Buckinghamshire dealer . Yours for £ 13,500 : this 1917 Model T is on the market and like all the classic cars they do n't require road tax or a MOT . Back to basics : Some of the vehicles need to have their headlamps lit by match , left , and right are the rudimentary pedals for braking , accelerating and changing gear . But with a top speed of 45mph - if going downhill with a following wind - drivers can not get anywhere very fast and some of his pre-1915 model have gas headlights still lit by a match . Mr Tuckett , 58 , has customers who use them as wedding cars and even one that is used as a hearse . He discovered his passion for the model when he got a call from his great uncle , John Brazil , asking him to accompany him on the London to Brighton commercial run - an event for historic commercial vehicles . He had a Model T van , previously used for transporting sausages and pies to London , and Neil had driven it once in a field before he got behind the wheel in Hyde Park for the event . He continued maintaining the vehicle afterwards and his great uncle left the van to him when he died . The agricultural engineer started his own business in 1984 but when the work dried up a few years later , his team turned their attention to Model Ts . . Now they struggle to keep up with the demand at his garage in North Marston , Buckinghamshire , and sell the cars for around £ 10,000 each . Neil has about six himself and goes touring in them with other fans of the car . MODEL T . Made . 1908-1927 . Price -LRB- from -RRB- . £ 125 . Top speed . 45mph -LRB- if going downhill with a following wind -RRB- . Acceleration -LRB- 0-60 -RRB- . Not possible . Number of gears . 3 -LRB- 2 forward , 1 reverse -RRB- . Added features . None . Seating capacity . 2-7 . Wheelbase . 100 '' Engine type . 4 cylinder , 4 cycle , internal combustion gasoline engine . Horsepower . 20 . Steering . Not power-assisted . MPG -LRB- Miles Per Gallon -RRB- . 20-25 . Fuel tank capacity . 10 gallons . Weight . 1,200 lbs . 2015 FORD FIESTA . Made . 2015 . Price -LRB- from -RRB- . £ 13,965 . Top speed . 120mph . Acceleration -LRB- 0-60 -RRB- . 9.3 seconds . Number of gears . 6 -LRB- 5 forward , 1 reverse -RRB- . Added features . Air conditioning ; beverage holders ; CD player ; AM/FM radio ; rear window defroster ; MP3 decoder . Seating capacity . 5 . Wheelbase . 98 '' Engine type . 1.6 L . Horsepower . 120 . Steering . Power-assisted . MPG -LRB- Miles Per Gallon -RRB- . 28 . Fuel tank capacity . 12.4 gallons . Weight . 2,578 lbs . Neil said : ` We 're a niche market specialist and I 've got about 100 years of man experience of Model Ts with my team . ` We do about one a week , 50 a year . They 're coming in here as fast as I can fix them . There 's about 3,000 in the UK and we look after a good proportion of those . ` It was a very popular car . At one point , half the cars in the world were Model Ts . They 're affordable , usable and repairable , even though they are 100 years old . ` It 's more leisurely than a modern car . Its cruising speed is 30mph , at 40mph you 're starting to rattle and to hit 45mph you 'd have to be going downhill with the wind behind you . ` But it 's cheaper to maintain than a modern car . The insurance costs about £ 50 a year , you do n't need road tax or an MOT and there are no major expenses . Alternative forecourt : Business is booming at Neil Tuckett 's time warp garage in the heart of rural Buckinghamshire . Meticulous : Mr Tuckett sources his Ford spares from all over the globe and carefully puts the machines back together again . Behind the wheel : The second-hand car dealer says that beauty of the Model is how simple and enjoyable it is to drive . Sales pitch : Mr Tuckett says : ` They 're like a giant meccano set really , and so beautifully simple and reliable they just wo n't let you down . You also do n't require road tax or and MOT ' ` There 's probably 20 companies in the world making new parts for the Model T and about 80 per cent of Model Ts are new parts now , but they do n't make new chassis . ` The main source of original parts is America , 14million were built there . The parts are all affordable and there 's no electrics so little to go wrong . ` And everyone seems to remember them , they know what a Model T is . That 's quite surprising after 100 years , it 's an iconic car . ` They 're lots of fun . I 'm about to go to Scotland with a Model T4 group - there 's ten of us touring for a week in the Outer Hebrides . ` I 've seen a lot of the UK that I would never have seen if I was n't driving an old car . ' Thing of beauty : The Model T is an icon , but with a top speed of 45mph - if going downhill with a following wind - drivers can not get anywhere very fast . Germans may have invented the petrol engine , but it was Henry Ford , a Michigan-Irish farmer used his genius to realise its social potential . Ford said he had to invent his ` gasoline buggy ' to escape the crushing boredom of his own life on the farm in the United States . The Model T was made from 1908 to 1927 and is generally regarded as the first affordable car . In total more than 15million were made . The first Model Ts were fairly expensive , about £ 500 . But by the early 1920s , when millions were being produced , the price had dropped to about £ 125 , which was roughly equivalent to the average annual wage . Ford was obsessed with efficiency : his production lines were inspired by the meat-packing yards of Chicago and it became the first mass produced car in the United states . His famous decree that customers could choose ` any colour so long as it is black ' was not to limit consumer choice , but to reduce costs . In Ford 's day , freshly painted cars were left in the sun to dry . Black dried more quickly and was thus cheaper . By 1914 , a Model T could be manufactured in 93 minutes and spare parts were all available through the Sears Roebuck mail-order catalogue for drivers to install themselves .