From awkwardly handing a beggar some change , to failing at eating a bacon sandwich , it is fair to say Labour spin doctors have so far failed to make Ed Miliband look cool . But now Twitter users are attempting to give the somewhat uninspiring party leader a makeover , by editing his face on to famous men 's bodies . From Hollywood legends Marlon Brando and Harrison Ford , to astronaut Neil Armstrong and even TV 's latest heart-throb Poldark , these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve . Scroll down for video . Ed , Ed Miliband : In an attempt to make the Labour leader look cool , Twitter users have begun editing his face on to the body of famous men , including Daniel Craig as James Bond in movie Casino Royale . What are you rebelling against ? While Miliband 's poll ratings have shown him to be a consistently unpopular leader , these new pictures attempt to reverse that trend -LRB- pictured here as Marlon Brando in the Wild One -RRB- . Not buying it : The drastic reworking of Miliband comes after he gained a reputation for appearing in awkward pictures , including eating a bacon sandwich -LRB- pictured here on the body of Don Draper , from Mad Men -RRB- . Windswept : While TV viewers swooned over Aidan Turner 's Poldark , Ed Miliband has consistently polled low in popularity ratings . Loneliness has followed me : Ed Miliband re-imagined as Taxi Driver 's Travis Bickle , proving that with photoshop , anything is possible . Heart-throb : Even One Direction 's Harry Styles -LRB- left -RRB- and Mick Jagger -LRB- right -RRB- have had the Miliband makeover . Cool Ed Miliband , which was created just last Saturday , has already posted 45 images of the Labour leader , and has attracted 3,500 followers . The Twitter account says in its bio : ` Politics should n't be about who 's cool and who is n't . But just in case it is for you , here 's some pictures of Ed Miliband looking cool . ' While some branded the account ` hilarious ' and ` so funny ' , others seemed less impressed . One user , going under the handle Salford Council news , commented : ` This is the closest he will ever get to being cool . ' ` Say hello to my little friend ' : Ed Miliband in one of Al Pacino 's most memorable roles - Tony Montana in Scarface . Suave : Ed Miliband appears much cooler as Indiana Jones -LRB- left -RRB- or in pants as underwear model David Gandy . iPhone : The Cool Ed Miliband account now has a Tumblr blog where this image of the Labour leader as Apple founder Steve Jobs was posted . Ed Downey Jr : The American actor and Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr has n't escaped the photoshopping . Football legend : A younger and tattooed version of Ed appeared on the account when one user merged him with the former England star and model , David Beckham . Smug : Another footballing legend , Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo did n't escape the Miliband treatment either . Out of this world : While some users branded the pictures ` hilarious ' and ` awesome ' , others were less impressed , saying they marked the closest Miliband would get to being cool -LRB- pictured as Neil Armstrong -RRB- . England 's hero : Ed Miliband finds himself replacing David Beckham in one of his underwear advertising posters in this image posted on Twitter . Come together : Milband 's face is spliced with Beatles lyricist John Lennon in this image which is part of a Twitter campaign to rework the Labour leader 's image . ` I bring it ' : Ed Miliband pulls a stern face as he enters the ring on the body of Dwayne ` The Rock ' Johnson . Thinking of forming a boyband Ed ? The Labour leader rocking a pair of sunglasses as he 's superimposed on the body of Noel Gallagher . Labour is coming : Game of Thrones character John Snow is just one of the many famous faces to be given the Ed Miliband treatment online . Commenting on a picture of Miliband as Al Pachino 's character Tony Montana from Scarface , James O'Donnell quipped : ` Someone get that man a bacon sarnie . Good work . ' The Labour leader has also been gaining support from another unlikely fan - a 17-year-old student , known only as Abby , who declared her love for Miliband on Twitter . The teenager has 12,000 followers and claims to be the leader of #milifandom , a group of Labour backers and Miliband admirers , who use the hashtag to show their support . Ed Miliband 's popularity ratings have remained consistently behind that of his party since he was elected leader back in 2010 . At one point in 2014 he was voted the most unpopular leader ever behind Michael Foot , with just 13 per cent of those polled saying he was ready to be Prime Minister . Looking good : Russell Brand 's usual angular features are replaced with Ed Miliband 's eyes and nose in this image which one Twitter user branded ` disturbing ' Hulking out : Miliband appears to have take to the gym in this shot which sees the Labour leader 's face edited on to the body of wrestler Hulk Hogan . Star Wars : Harrison Ford looks a little different after being spliced with Miliband -LRB- left -RRB- while Mark Hammill as Luke Skywalker -LRB- right -RRB- also got the Miliband treatment . Enter the Dragon : Ed Miliband is looking more muscular here as his face is superimposed onto the body of martial artist Bruce Lee . What makes you beautiful : The One Direction boys have n't said they are looking for a new member to replace Zayn Malik yet , but they might when they see this image of the Labour leader Ed Miliband in the line-up . Ed Milibond : Dressed in a suave grey suit , the Labour leader is superimposed on yet another photograph of secret agent , James Bond . Scarface : Ed Miliband looks imposing as Al Pacino 's character Tony Montana in the American crime drama . Toughening up : Brad Pitt starred in the 1999 movie Fight Club , but here 's how Miliband would 've looked in the role instead . Uncanny : Samuel L. Jackson has a new partner in this mock up of Quentin Tarantino 's 90s classic Pulp Fiction . To survive war you got ta become war : Ed Miliband has been superimposed with several hunkier men - here he 's taken on Sylvester Stallone 's character of Rambo in First Blood . The Ed-vengers : Miliband teams up with his other Labour peers in this iconic film poster for Marvel classic The Avengers . I want to break free : The Labour leader dons a moustache as he 's mocked up to look like Queen singer Freddie Mercury . The Great Escape : The Labour leader has been superimposed on the body of Steve McQueen in the 1963 World War Two adventure . Rock star : Users posting to the Twitter account CoolEdMiliband have even turned him into Mick Jagger . Come as you are : Ed Miliband rocks long blonde locks and a guitar after being spliced with Kurt Cobain of Nirvana fame .