Two hours before the Miami Open semifinal , Novak Djokovic practiced his returns in an empty stadium , the ball coming at him quickly because his hitting partner stood three feet inside the baseline to emulate big-serving John Isner . The drill helped . Djokovic achieved a breakthrough service break against Isner and won Friday night , 7-6 -LRB- 3 -RRB- , 6-2 . ` He 's probably the best server we have in the game , ' Djokovic said . ` But I managed to get a lot of serves back . That was one of the keys in the match , making him play and getting into the rally and making him work extra . ' Novak Djokovic beat John Isner in straight sets to reach the finalof the Miami Open on Friday night . The No 1-seeded Djokovic closed to within one win of his fifth Key Biscayne title and will face Andy Murray . The No 1-seeded Djokovic closed to within one win of his fifth Key Biscayne title . His opponent Sunday will be two-time champion Andy Murray , who defeated Tomas Berdych 6-4 , 6-4 . Djokovic became the first player in the tournament to break Isner , and managed another break two games later . He actually outserved the 6-foot-10 American , totaling 10 aces to nine for Isner , and never faced a break point . A taut , one-hour opening set created plenty of drama for the capacity crowd . Isner held despite several long service games and erased the only break point he faced late in the set , but he won only two of five points on his serve in the pivotal tiebreaker . Djokovic 's biggest hole while serving was a love-30 deficit late in the first set . He responded with consecutive aces and escaped . Djokovic is aiming to win his fifth title in Miami and will take on Scotsman Murray in Sunday 's final . Djokovic 's first break gave him a 2-1 edge in the second set , and that margin grew to 5-1 . He finished with just eight unforced to 31 by Isner , who lost 70 percent of his second-serve points . ` I needed to step in and use those opportunities , ' Djokovic said . ` When I have his second serve , I 'd better use it properly and try to be aggressive . ' Djokovic won the Key Biscayne title in 2007 , 2011 , 2012 and 2014 . Serena Williams bids for her eighth Key Biscayne title Saturday against Carla Suarez Navarro . Djokovic 's biggest holin serving was a love-30 deficit late in the first , he responded with consecutive aces . Murray lost his first service game in each set but recovered and moved closer to his third Key Biscayne title by beating Berdych . Murray won the championship in 2009 and 2013 , and was the runner-up in 2012 . The Scotsman has a home in nearby Miami and practices on the Key Biscayne courts . ` I 've obviously played some good tennis here over the years , ' Murray said . ` The reason for that is because I 'm extremely familiar with the conditions , with the surface , the way the court plays . ' Aside from his two shaky service games , the No. 3-seeded Murray played almost flawless tennis against No. 8 Berdych , extending points with scrambling defense until the Czech would finally make a mistake . Djokovic won the Key Biscayne title in 2007 , 2011 , 2012 and 2014 and is now going for his sixth Miami crown . Murray , by contrast , totaled only eight unforced errors from the baseline . He improvised , too , winning points with unorthodox strokes requiring compound adjectives , such as a running shoetop-scoop lob and an underhand-swipe backhand drop shot . Murray fell behind love-30 serving in the final game but rallied and smacked winners on the final four points , including a nifty forehand volley and cross-court backhand . When a final forehand gave him the win , he screamed in jubilation and repeatedly pumped his arm like a piston . ` I just played a bit better than him . That was the difference , ' Murray said . ` When I was behind in games , like the last game , for example , I came up with some big serves and was able to dictate a lot of the rallies from the baseline . ' The final is Murray 's first since he was runner-up to Djokovic at the Australian Open on February 1 . The final is Murray 's first since he was runner-up to Djokovic at the Australian Open on February 1 , and his first in two years at an ATP Masters 1000 tournament . He 's 9-3 in Masters 1000 finals . Murray improved to 6-6 against Berdych and has won their past two matches . ` Andy changed the game plan a bit , ' Berdych said . ` He started to play much more aggressive in the last two matches that he played me . Now I know what to expect and I 'll just be more ready for it . '