The moment a pregnant woman was fatally shot by two Idaho police officers has been revealed in surveillance footage . Jeanetta Riley , 35 , a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint on the evening of July 8 , 2014 . The troubled Native American woman , who was addicted to meth and alcohol , had been taken to the hospital by her husband , 44-year-old Shane , following threats she made to kill herself , according to the Guardian . While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital , she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade , and was confronted by police before she was shot and killed . In the video , Jeanetta is heard in an exchange with officers as they repeatedly tell her to put the knife down but she refuses before a commotion is heard and they shoot her . Jeanetta Riley -LRB- pictured left with her husband Shane -RRB- , 35 , a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint on the evening of July 8 , 2014 . She was taken to hospital by her husband , Shane , after he heard her fiddling with blades and talked about killing herself and stabbing people -LRB- Jeanetta pictured above with her daughters Dayna , top , Dolly , left , and Hannah , right -RRB- . Officers Michael Valenzuela , 27 and Skyler Ziegler , 29 were cleared of any wrongdoing following the incident and the case was closed in November . In the footage , Valenzuela , Ziegler and a third officer , Garrett Johnson , 23 arrived at the scene where Jeanetta was sitting in the car holding the bottle of vodka and the knife . She then walked towards them with the knife at her side , according to the Guardian . In the footage , Ziegler is heard shouting ` walk over here ' and ` show me your hands ' before she responds ` f *** you . no . ' She is told again to put down the knife and continues to refuse and shouts ` bring it on , no . ' Jeanetta then steps off the curb and into the road towards the two officers when gun fired is heard , with three bullets striking her torso and one striking her heart . Jeanetta took the knife from under the car seat and was confronted by officers who repeatedly told her to put the knife down but she refused -LRB- above scenes from the incident -RRB- . After she stepped off the curb and walked towards them , they fired their guns and she was killed -LRB- above the moment she was shot -RRB- . The events leading to the incident unfolded when the couple , who was homeless and living out of a 1996 Chevrolet van parked next to a lake , had spent the day with Jeanetta 's daughter , 13-year-old Hannah . Jeanetta and Shane had arguments earlier in the day that were escalating when she began mentioning harming herself . The pair dropped Hannah off at her stepfather 's house , and after drinking half a bottle of vodka while back at their camp , Jeanetta spoke about killing herself and stabbing people , Shane said . When he heard her fiddling with blades he decided to take her to the hospital . The Native American woman , who was addicted to alcohol and meth , and drank half a bottle of vodka before she was taken to the hospital on the day she died . In the summer of 2012 , Jeanetta married Shane and two years later the couple gave up their newborn baby for adoption . Shane said he told Jeanetta at the time : ` This is n't a joke . It 's not a game . ' While parked outside of the emergency room , Jeanetta took out the knife and Shane ran inside and told a staff member behind the desk to call the police . Following the exchange with police , Jeanetta was shot and killed . Valenzuela told detectives he thought she was ` absolutely gon na thrust at me ' when he pulled the trigger , while Ziegler said the knife looked ` huge in her hands ' , according to the Guardian . In November , the officers were cleared of wrongdoing by a local prosecutor . Fourteen hours after Jeanetta was shot and killed , a dog called Arfee was fatally shot by police in nearby Coeur d'Alene , in a killing that was ruled unjustified . His owner received an $ 80,000 payout two weeks ago as well as an apology from the mayor . Shane and Riley 's three daughters so far have not even received an apology . The officers involved in the incident were cleared of any wrongdoing by a local prosecutor in November . Jeanetta and her husband were homeless and living out of their van which was parked next to a lake . On the day of the incident , Shane ran into the hospital -LRB- above -RRB- and alerted staff to call the police . Peter Reedy , an FBI-trained hostage negotiator and former sergeant , said the officers should not have gone so quickly into a tense stand-off with their guns drawn , he told the Guardian . He said : ` First of all , do nothing . Keep your distance , try to talk to her , do n't even take your gun out of your holster , try to calm things down and work out what you 're up against . ' Reedy added : ` If they had not responded to the call they way she did , I truly believe she would be alive right now . ' There are close to 1,000 people killed by police on average each year , according to a recent U.S. government study , and reportedly at least half of those fatally shot by police in the U.S. have mental health issues , another study reported .