There is not a British manager working in the Premier League who is capable of guiding a team into the latter stages of the Champions League , according to Paul Scholes . There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League and Scholes does not believe there is a British manager who can turn those fortunes around . Scholes does however believe that his friend and former team-mate Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages of Europe 's premier club competition if he is given the chance to succeed Louis van Gaal at Old Trafford further down the line . Paul Scholes hopes Ryan Giggs will go on and be one of the best manager 's in the world once he has done his apprenticeship under Louis van Gaal . Writing in his Independent column , Scholes said : ` I do n't think there is a British manager who is currently capable of restoring English clubs to the final stages of the Champions League , and winning the competition again . I hope that it will change in the future and I have high hopes that my friend Ryan Giggs will be handed the reins at Manchester United at some point having served an apprenticeship under Louis van Gaal . ' Scholes believes outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp would be a welcome addition to the Premier League -- but does not believe he will replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City . Scholes believes outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp could end up in the Premier League . Bayern Munich 's head coach Pep Guardiola could be heading Manchester City when his contract expires . The former Manchester United midfielder believes that Pep Guardiola will head to Etihad Stadium once his contract at Bayern Munich expires at the end of next season . He added : ` There is no doubt in my mind that he -LSB- Klopp -RSB- would be a success in English football , the only question is at which club . Manchester City is the destination that has been mentioned more than once but all the information that comes back to me in Manchester is that Pep Guardiola will take that job when his contract at Bayern Munich expires in one year 's time . ` While City have many good players , they have never gone beyond the second round of the Champions League , much less won it . Making them the best side in Europe would be a far more difficult task than doing the same at Barcelona or Bayern Munich , the latter of whom Guardiola took over after they won the Treble . '