Leicester boss Nigel Pearson has called for realism in their survival quest and insisted that their remaining fixtures will make it extremely tough to avoid relegation . They will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if they beat Swansea at home on Saturday by three goals and Burnley fail to win at Everton . They also have to face relegation rivals Sunderland and Burnley away while welcoming QPR to the King Power Stadium on the final day of the season . Back-to-back wins revived Leicester 's hopes of top-flight survival but Pearson wants to keep a lid on expectations . He said : ` We believe in ourselves but we have seven left , five at home and one against Chelsea . They are still extremely tough fixtures . Leicester boss Nigel Pearson is not taking anything for granted in the chase for survival . Wes Morgan trains with team-mates ahead of Leicester 's game against Swansea at the weekend . ` We are aware we have had some bad luck from time to time . It 's that belief in ourselves that has kept us going . ' Burnley , meanwhile , have collected eight points from a testing run of eight games but now have to start turning some gritty displays into more positive results . Having won only once since January , it could be the wrong time to be running into an Everton side that are unbeaten in four at Goodison Park but manager Sean Dyche is not looking at form . He said : ` You ca n't govern other people 's situation . We have to focus on ourselves whether it 's good or not good . When the whistle blows , we have a plan and are more looking at how we are going to operate . Jamie Vardy celebrates scoring against West Brom as the Foxes record back-to-back wins . ` We 've done a lot of work after being written off . We 're certainly in the pack . Performance-wise I 've been pleased but we have to win games . ' Everton manager Roberto Martinez sees a fearlessness in Burnley similar to that displayed by his Wigan team in surviving against the odds in the Premier League . The Clarets head to Goodison Park having beaten Manchester City , drawn against Tottenham and narrowly defeated by Arsenal in the last month . Argentinian ace Esteban Cambiasso is one of several players whose contracts expire at the end of the season . They are two points from safety but Martinez believes the fact they have been scrapping to get out of the bottom three all season -- much like his Wigan side in the four seasons he spent with them -- gives them an advantage over teams who have been dragged into the race for survival . Martinez said : ` When you are in a situation as clear as the one they have , they are only one step from getting away from the bottom three and that is an incredible incentive . ' Martinez believes Dyche will help Burnley survive . ` Sean has been an incredible leader and has set very good direction for his team , ' he added . ` When you get into a new league you sometimes do n't get positive results after a successful season in the Championship and you start having doubts and wanting to change week after week . '