The Irish student allegedly raped by a Wall St banker in the Hamptons told how she used ` every ounce of strength left inside me ' to throw him off whilst he violently assaulted her . The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee , an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director , in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $ 35,000 a month rented mansion . She sobbed and said she was left in a state of ` disbelief ' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault . The Irish student allegedly raped by Jason Lee , a Wall St banker in the Hamptons told how she used ` every ounce of strength left inside me ' to throw him off whilst he violently assaulted her . Pictured : Lee walked hand in hand with his wife Alicia into New York Suffolk County Court on April 8 . The victim also revealed that she has not even told her family back in Ireland about her ordeal and made the 16 hour journey to New York to give evidence on her own , apparently lying to explain why she was in the US . The alleged rape happened in the summer of 2013 when the victim was in America for the summer on a J-1 exchange visa , which is commonly used by young Irish people visiting for a few months . Lee , 38 , who is married , has denied first-degree rape , sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted . The victim , who currently works in education , said that she had been working in South Carolina in a frozen yogurt shop for the summer of 2013 and had gone to New York to see this ` big city that everyone talks about ' . She came to America to see the ` culture and the people ' and when she was in the Hamptons was amazed at ` how cool it was ' . Giving evidence the victim , who had her blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail and wore a black and white spotted dress , was visibly distressed and her hands were shaking . Former Goldman Sachs managing director Jason Lee , 38 , faces charges of allegedly raping a 20-year-old Irish woman in the Hamptons in August 2013 . When asked to identify Lee she was unable to look him in the eye and welled up in tears . She described how she went to Montauk on Long Island to celebrate with her brother and met Lee and his friend Rene Duncan at the Georgica nightclub in Wainscott after taking a taxi there . The group partied until it closed around 3 am , downing glasses of vodka and orange and went back to Lee 's for an after party where they drank champagne from the bottle , swam in the pool and ate pizza , the court heard . Recounting the attack , she said that Lee barged into the downstairs bathroom wearing no clothes as she was changing to leave . Initially she was ` laughing ' as she thought it was a joke - until Lee forced his way in . She said : ` I fell back and hit my hip and the back of my neck . ' Suffolk County prosecutor Kerriann Kelly asked if she was on her back on the floor and the victim said yes . Miss Kelly asked : ` What happened ? ' The victim paused and struggled to get her words out as she said : ` Um , um , he was on top of me . He had his hands either side of my head ' . She then stopped speaking and held up her hands either side of her head to show the court what she meant . The victim said : ` His arms were around my wrists . I struggled . At first I did n't really understand what was happening . I said get off and he did n't . ` I just could n't understand when you tell somebody to get off and they do n't get off . I started calling my friend . He put his hand over my mouth with the back of his hand . ' At Miss Kelly 's asking , the victim held the back of her hand to her mouth to show what she meant . The victim said : ` I tried to bite him but I could n't . He told me to shut the f *** up . He said it twice . He pulled up my dress and pulled down my underwear . I was still struggling , trying to get away . ' Miss Kelly asked : ` What happened ? ' The victim again welled up and paused before saying : ` Um , that 's when he , that 's when he put his penis inside me ' . Miss Kelly asked : ` Did you feel it ? ' The victim replied : ` Yes . He started going up and down . ' Miss Kelly asked : ` We 're you struggling ? ' The victim said : ` Yeah ' . Miss Kelly asked : ` We 're you crying ? ' The victim said : ` Yeah ' The victim said : ` I used every ounce of strength left inside me to pull up my knee and hit him in the groin . ` He fell off . I sat there in disbelief and could n't believe what had happened . I took off the dress as quickly as I could because it was disgusting . I got out of there as quickly as I could . ' Lee has denied first-degree rape , sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and could face 25 years in jail if convicted . Asked by Miss Kelly what her emotional state was , the victim said : ` I could n't even speak . I know I was crying but I was n't hysterical . I could n't believe what had happened ' The victim was led outside by her friends and told the first police officer on the scene that she had been raped , though she admitted that she did not want to involve the authorities . She said : ` I did n't want anything to do with the police . I just wanted to go home ' . ` I felt like it was my fault . I should n't have got into the car -LRB- at Georgica -RRB- . I should have gone home . ' She described the examination by a nurse later that morning as ` so embarrassing ' . She said : ` It was hard , so hard ' . In her evidence the victim presented herself as a humble person and said that she thought that Georgica was ` too fancy for us ' . The victim said : ` My friend and I thought it was funny that these two men were talking to us . We were just students and we did n't have much to offer . We were out of place ' . Asked by Miss Kelly if she ever gave consent to have sex with Lee , the victim replied : ` No ' . Miss Kelly asked : ` Did you tell him no ? ' The victim said : ` Yes ' . Miss Kelly said : ` Did you tell him to get off of you ? ' The victim said : ` Yes ' . Lee was a managing director for Goldman Sachs and works at the investment bank 's headquarters at 200 West Street in Lower Manhattan . A representative from the company said he left the firm last year . In her evidence the victim also revealed that she had kept her ordeal a secret even from her own parents . Asked by Miss Kelly if she had told them , she said : ` No , nobody at home knows what happened ' . The victim said that she had travelled to New York to give evidence on her own and that her brother had wanted to come with her ` so badly ' but he could n't . Under cross examination by Lee 's lawyer Andrew Lankler , the victim was shown three photographs taken in Georgica . One showed her draped around Lee with two of her female friends either side of them . Another showed her between Lee and Mr Duncan . A third was a selfie the victim took and showed Lee with his arm around around her and his lips resting on her cheek . In all three she was smiling and appeared happy . She was also shown a picture of the bathroom where she claims she was raped and an image of the scratch on her leg that was caused during the struggle . The house on Clover Leaf Lane in East Hampton , New York , where the sexual assault allegedly occurred . The victim admitted to Mr Lankler that had it not been for her brother insisting she get in the police car , she probably never would have done so . She also said that the attack lasted no more than two minutes . Earlier the court heard from the victim 's best friend who also broke down in tears telling how she came upon her seconds after the assault . The woman said that the victim begged to be taken home as she emerged from a bathroom where Lee allegedly set upon her . The friend the court : ` She looked shaken . She looked scared . There was tears in her eyes . Her eyes were bloodshot . ' Lee was initially placed on leave from Goldman Sachs but last year left the company . His wife Alicia is standing by him and has been at court every day . The trial at Suffolk County Court continues .