Arrest : Kayla Mooney , pictured , allegedly had sexual contact with a male student off campus last year . A 24-year-old high school teacher has been arrested for allegedly having sex with a male student and for providing him with alcohol . Kayla Mooney , who is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Danbury , Connecticut , turned herself into police at 5 pm on Tuesday . Her arrest came after the school 's administration contacted police in February with the allegations and the Danbury Police Department 's Special Victims Unit launched a seven-week investigation . She was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year , the News Times reported . Following the accusations , Mooney was also put on paid administrative leave on February 10 . She is still on paid leave , according to the school district 's superintendent . A judge granted police a warrant to arrest Mooney and she has now been charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor and was released without bail . Sal Pascarella , the superintendent of schools , sent high school parents a message on Tuesday to inform them of the teacher 's arrest . ` We are all very disappointed that this has happened to one of our faculty members , ' Pascarella said , but added : ` Obviously , there is a whole process we have to go through with this investigation . At this point , these are allegations . ' School : Mooney , 24 , is only in her first year of teaching science at Danbury High School in Connecticut . She is due in court on April 14 . Mooney , who grew up in Danbury , attended North Dakota State University and Western Connecticut State University . . Property records show she still lives with her family in Danbury . She taught chemistry and physics classes at the school , the Danbury Daily Voice reported . She is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since February . The first , Sacred Heart University instructor Timothy Leonard , was put on leave on February 11 after allegedly sexually assaulting a 14-year-old boy in an SUV parked in a movie theater parking lot . Then a first-grade teacher , Brian Stroh , resigned from Bethel Elementary School on February 19 and has been charged with sexually abusing three children . He has been released on bail .