Attack : Lee Keeley , 38 , grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest in a courtroom . An ex-boyfriend flew into a furious rage and attacked his former partner in the middle of a courtroom . Lee Keeley grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest at Lincoln County Court , after a judge ruled against him in a civil matter . The 38-year-old defendant chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper in January . A court heard Keeley launched a chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her and barristers had to step in to break the pair up . The victim suffered a cut to her right ear , bruising and swelling to the ear , a grazed cheek as well as bruised ribs . Last Thursday , Keeley appeared before another judge at Lincoln Crown Court and admitted assault occasioning actual bodily harm . He was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order , preventing him from contacting his former partner . Sentencing , Judge Michael Heath said : ` I understand your disappointment but your behaviour after the decision was outrageous . ' A court heard Keeley , from Lincoln , had become increasingly agitated during the hearing and then erupted as Judge Richard Toombs announced the decision . Shocking scene : Keeley chased the woman round the courtroom at Lincoln County Court -LRB- above -RRB- and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper when the judge ruled against him in a civil matter in January . Keeley , who had represented himself , began arguing with the judge then turned on his ex-partner . David Outterside , prosecuting , said Keeley shouted an insult at the woman before adding : ` He then picked up a chair and threw it at the victim but missed her . ` He then chased after her . Twice they ran round and round the court as he tried to get hold of her . ' The court heard Keeley later told police he went into a rage when the decision was announced . He said he recalled throwing the chair but could not remember anything after that . David Eager , defending , said Keeley had ` simply lost control ' .