Lord Stevens is to be investigated over hotly disputed allegations of a cover-up of police corruption in the bungled Step-hen Lawrence murder probe . Last night the Independent Police Complaints Commission -LRB- IPCC -RRB- said it will investigate claims that the former Met chief failed to hand over key information to the Macpherson Inquiry regarding the black teenager 's race hate killing . The watchdog probe stems from a complaint from Stephen 's father Neville Lawrence . Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police from 1998 to 2000 -- while the Macpherson Inquiry report was being compiled -- before serving five years as the UK 's most senior policeman . ` Cover-up ' : Former Met Police commissioner Lord Stevens -LRB- left -RRB- is to be investigated into allegations of a cover-up over the Stephen Lawrence murder probe in the nineties . Sparked new investigation : Neville Lawrence , the father of murdered Stephen Lawrence , made a complaint last October about the failure of senior officers during the Macpherson Inquiry . The complaint concerns a letter to the Macpherson Inquiry in 1998 , in which Lord Stevens stated that no officer or former officer involved in giving evidence was under investigation for corruption . It is alleged that the letter included misleading information . However , last night sources close to the former Scotland Yard commissioner said he was vindicated last year by Mark Ellison QC , the author of an official report into the Lawrence corruption allegations . A source said : ` Any suggestion that anyone from the Met would seek to withhold the truth from the Macpherson Inquiry at that time is completely untrue . Last year Mark Ellison wrote to Lord Stevens to say he had done nothing wrong . ' Last night , Channel 4 News -- which revealed details of the IPCC probe into Lord Stevens -- quoted him as saying : ` Step very carefully , I 'm not putting up with any more c ** p about this . ' Quoting from a letter he received from Mr Ellison , Lord Stevens was reported to have said : ` No one is suggesting that you did anything that was culpable in any way . ' Baroness Lawrence , pictured taking her seat in the House of Lords in 2013 , described undercover police officers as ` disgraceful ' following the findings of the Ellison review last year . The IPCC said : ` We can confirm we are independently investigating Lord Stevens following a referral from the Metropolitan Police . ' The Met said that after it received ` a public complaint in relation to Lord Stevens ' it made a referral to the IPCC last November . The Met 's statement added : ` The complaint has been made in relation to Lord Stevens 's role as the then deputy commissioner and disclosure to the Macpherson Inquiry . Facing probe : Lord Stevens pictured in 2001 alongside Neville Lawrence , whose complaint has sparked the latest investigation . ` This issue was raised in the Stephen Lawrence Independent Review by Mark Ellison QC , where he concluded there were defects in the level of information that the Metropolitan Police revealed to the inquiry . ' Mr Lawrence had asked the IPCC to look into alleged failures of senior officers , including Lord Stevens , to provide ` full , frank and truthful ' information to the inquiry as well as claims that hundreds of files on past major police corruption probes were shredded . He welcomed the IPCC 's decision to investigate , telling Channel 4 News : ` I 'm hoping that this time they 're going to come back with a result that can help us to get further into the truth of what was happening during the investigation into Stephen 's death . ' It took more than 18 years to bring two of Stephen 's killers -- Gary Dobson and David Norris -- to justice and they were jailed for life in 2012 . Also that year , Home Secretary Theresa May commissioned Mr Ellison QC to lead an independent review into whether there was evidence of corruption in the original Lawrence investigation , and whether evidence had been withheld from the Macpherson Inquiry . Last year she told Parliament that there were ` serious concerns that ... relevant material which would show corruption has not been revealed because it can not be found or has been destroyed ' . When the Ellison review reported last year it said one former detective , John Davidson , was suspected of corruption in the Lawrence case , in which he had a key role . Mr Davidson has always denied the claims . Long battle for justice : Stephen 's mother Doreen , now Baroness Lawrence , and father Neville have been campaigning for more than 20 years . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge meet with Baroness Lawrence , Stephen 's mother , at the Stephen Lawrence Centre last month . Damning : In his 1999 report William Macpherson accused the Met Police of being institutionally racist . In 1998 , five years after Stephen Lawrence was murdered in south east London , retired High Court judge Sir William Macpherson was appointed to head an inquiry into the killing . Macpherson led the review into the conduct of the Metropolitan Police during the murder investigation after the police 's initial failure to apprehend the black teenager 's killers . In his report , published in February 1999 , Macpherson accused the Met of being institutionally racist but concluded that police corruption had not thwarted the case . However , he widely criticised the force 's handling of the Lawrence case and said police did not carry out the investigation in an appropriate manner . He made over 70 recommendations , including to extend the number of offences classified as racist , make the police subject to greater public control and protect the rights for victims of crime . He also recommended that police forces increase the number of black and Asian officers , prompting the Government to pledge to increase the number of officers from minority ethnic groups from 2,500 to 8,000 by 2009 . And he recommended that the double jeopardy rule should be abrogated in murder cases to allow a retrial upon new and compelling evidence -- something which became the law in 2005 with the passage of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 . The Macpherson Report was dubbed ` one of the most important moments in the modern history of criminal justice in Britain ' and credited with improving police attitudes to racism . Jack Straw , who was the Home Secretary from 1997 to 2001 during the time of the report , has previously declared that ordering the inquiry was ` the single most important decision I made as Home Secretary ' . However , Home Secretary Theresa May expressed concerns in 2012 that evidence may have been withheld from the 1999 inquiry . She commissioned Mark Ellison QC to lead an independent review into whether there was evidence of corruption in the original Lawrence investigation and last year told Parliament that there were ` serious concerns that ... relevant material which would show corruption has not been revealed because it can not be found or has been destroyed . ' Lord Stevens is now accused of failing to hand information over to the Macpherson public inquiry . He originally stated in 1998 that no officer or former officer involved in giving evidence was under investigation for corruption .