UEFA have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of England Women 's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake . The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down . England 's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2 . England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women 's Championships qualifier in Belfast . Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . Leah Williamson steps up to take a penalty in the closing stages of the match against Norway . Williamson runs forward to strike the ball but team-mate Rosella Ayane -LRB- circled -RRB- has entered the box . Williamson turns and celebrates as she slots the ball into the goalkeeper 's bottom-right corner . German referee Marija Kurtes officiating a women 's Bundesliga match in Munich last month . Jenna Dear scored twice at the Seaview Stadium while Leah Williamson , who is set to take the last minute spot-kick against Norway , earned some practice as she scored past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot from 12-yards . Norway are second in the group following an impressive 8-1 win against Northern Ireland , but crucially have a slightly inferior goal difference meaning the spot-kick will give England a place in the European Championship finals in Israel . The astonishing decision has been taken for the first time in a UEFA competition following an FA appeal after the referee had wrongly denied England the opportunity to retake the penalty during Saturday 's match following encroachment . England midfielder Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner but team-mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early and German referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the goal . However , instead of ordering it to be retaken , 28-year-old Kurtes - who was named Referee of the Year by the German Football Association -LRB- DFB -RRB- in 2014 - wrongly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway . According to the laws of the game , a penalty should be retaken if it entered the goal after encroachment by team-mates of the player taking the kick . England players celebrate after they thought they had equalised against Norway . But referee Kurtes awards an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short . Williamson has the ball back in her hands ready for what she thought would be a retake . But Williamson then realises the referee 's decision and two Norwegian players are seen celebrating . German referee Kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on Saturday . April 4 - England 1-2 Norway -LRB- Match to be replayed from 96th min on April 9 at 9:45 pm -RRB- . April 4 - Switzerland 1-0 Northern Ireland . April 6 - Norway 2-0 Switzerland . April 6 - England 9-1 Northern Ireland . April 9 - Switzerland 1-3 England . April 9 - Northern Ireland 1-8 Norway . A scene of apparent confusion followed England 's wild celebrations as Kurtes explained her decision . Williamson had grabbed back the ball to retake the penalty and placed it on the penalty spot before realising an indirect free-kick had been awarded . Two Norwegian players then embraced as they celebrated the decision . A UEFA statement read : ` The UEFA Control , Ethics and Disciplinary Body has ordered the match to be replayed . ` The replay of the match should be carried out as follows : . ` The match will be replayed from the minute the penalty kick was awarded to the Football Association at the European Women 's Under-19 Championship 2015 match between England vs Norway played on April 4 , 2015 , and extended according to the discretion of the referee . ` The penalty kick shall be retaken by the Football Association . ` According to the Laws of the Game -LRB- Law 14 -RRB- , a team-mate of the player taking the kick infringes the Laws of the Game : . - the referee allows the kick to be taken . - if the ball enters the goal , the kick is retaken . - if the ball does not enter the goal , the referee stops play and the match is restarted with an indirect free kick to the defending team from the place where the infringement occurred . ` As the ball entered the goal , the kick should have been re-taken . Thus the CDEB ordered that the remaining time of the match should be replayed in accordance with article 6 -LRB- e -RRB- and 7 -LRB- 2 -RRB- of the disciplinary regulations . Williamson scored from the penalty spot during England 's 3-1 victory against Switzerland on Thursday . Jenna Dear -LRB- right -RRB- scores with a header as England inched closer to European Championship qualification . ` The match is scheduled to take place at the Seaview Stadium in Belfast on Thursday at 9:45 pm local time with another referee . ` Teams must field the same players which were on the pitch at that moment . Any of these players can take the penalty kick . ' An FA spokesperson said : ` After England Women U19s ' match against Norway on Saturday , April 4 , the FA lodged an appeal to UEFA following a disallowed penalty . ` Due to an incorrect application of the game 's laws by the match referee , UEFA have ordered the match to be replayed from the point of the penalty . ` The remainder of the match will be played on Thursday at 9.45 pm at the same stadium -- Seaview , Belfast . ' Williamson is congratulated by her England team-mates after scoring past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot . Former Everton and England captain Mo Marley is head coach of the national women 's U19 team . Although it will only last 18 seconds , officials , stewards and paramedics will all be required to attend . Admission is free . England , coached by former national captain Mo Marley , were 2-0 down to Norway on Saturday before substitute Ayane pulled one back in the 87th minute to give her side hope of claiming a point . However , Wiliiamson 's penalty was disallowed and the match ended in defeat . England brushed off the disappointment on Monday , though , with a 9-1 win against Northern Ireland . Both England and Norway must start the match with the same 11 players who finished Saturday 's match . However , a different player can take the penalty . The decision further complicates the already complex qualification process for July 's finals after UEFA had announced that Norway had sealed their place . After an initial qualifying round last year , the Elite Round is comprised of six groups of four teams playing at locations across Europe . The six group winners and best-placed runner-up - decided by the best record against the first and third-placed teams in the groups - go through to join hosts Israel at the showpiece event in July . England women 's senior head coach Mark Sampson tweeted : ` Difficult circumstances for our @england U19 . I have been proud that in challenging circumstances you have conducted yourselves superbly & represented your country with great pride . ` Regardless of final outcome you should be very proud . We are very proud of you . ' September 2005 - World Cup qualifier - Uzbekistan vs Bahrain . Uzbekistan had won the opening leg of the Asian zone fourth-round play-off 1-0 at home but were left incensed after a penalty was disallowed in the 38th minute for an attacking player encroaching . Rather than retaking the penalty , an indirect free-kick was wrongly awarded by Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida to Bahrain and the game ended with a one-goal margin . Uzbekistan called for an investigation but were left furious after FIFA ordered the match to be replayed in its entirety with the result declared invalid . It proved to have a major impact as it was Bahrain who eventually went through with a 1-1 away goals victory , though they were later beaten in the AFC-CONCACAF play-off . Bahrain staff and players celebrate after beating Uzbekistan in an Asian World Cup qualifier in 2005 .