Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor . Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season and last night the Gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying : ` It would be a shame for Burnley to go down . ' Arsenal were made to fight hard for their eighth win in a row and Wenger said : ` I understand now why they took points from other teams like Chelsea and Manchester City . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the Premier League . Burnley manager Sean Dyche shakes hands with Wenger following Arsenal 1-0 victory at Turf Moor . ` When you see their performance tonight -LRB- Saturday -RRB- , I am surprised by their plight near the bottom . They have a great solidarity and organisation in their side . Burnley have won only once in 11 games , a famous 1-0 victory against City , but Dyche still believes they can escape the drop . They are currently two points from safety but face three fellow strugglers Hull City , Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures . They have played seven teams at the top of the table in their last eight games . Aaron Ramsey -LRB- right -RRB- scored the only goal of the game , but it was enough to secure three points . The Welsh midfielder points to the sky as he celebrates putting Arsenal into a early 1-0 lead . ` We have six big games coming and we have shown this season we can score goals , ' he said . ` We are not naïve . We are willing and have an appetite to succeed . ' ` The outside world thought we might not take anything from our last seven games . There are teams around us who are having an awkward time and maybe they feel the next matches more than us . ` It could well go do the wire . I am only concerned about us . I know if our performances are right , we will win games . I think we have measured ourselves well against the top sides and now there are going to be different type of games , edgy games . ' Burnley were unlucky not to draw level after this acrobatic attempt was saved by David Ospina .