UFC champion Ronda Rousey wants to return to the WWE after her hit debut appearance with Fast and Furious co-star The Rock at WrestleMania 31 but her packed schedule will make it difficult . A huge WWE fan , Rousey made her first in-ring performance on March 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in Levi 's Stadium in California and admits she caught the bug . Rousey told retired wrestling legend Roddy Piper 's Piper Pit podcast that ` there 's nothing like ' WWE but she is focussed on her upcoming fight against fierce UFC rival Bethe Correia . Ronda Rousey wants to ` find a way ' to return to the WWE after taking down co-owner Stephanie McMahon . Rousey was a hot with fans at Wrestlemania 31 but her focus for now is on her fight against Bethe Correia . ` I need to find a way -LRB- to return -RRB- , but I have a lot of stuff going on . I 'm fighting August 1st , ' Rousey said ahead of her 12th UFC fight in Rio de Janeiro . ` First of all , the kind of beating Bethe is going to get in Brazil is nothing compared to anything anyone can make up in the meantime . ` So I ca n't make anyone excited about anything while that fight is looming over my head . ' Fans were ecstatic when Rousey helped The Rock take down The Authority , otherwise known as WWE co-owner Stephanie McMahon and Triple H , who she threw over her shoulder with what looked like a trademark judo move , on the Sunday night show on March 29 . Piper said : ` I 've never seen Triple H hip-tossed any better . ' UFC women 's bantamweight champion Rousey appeared with Fast and Furious 7 co-star The Rock . Rousey 's focus is on her much-anticipated UFC bout against also undefeated Bethe Correia -LRB- left -RRB- in Brazil . On the following evening 's WWE Raw , when former UFC champion Brock Lesner made his entrance , they chanted Rousey 's name . Rousey admitted she had been given the most high-profile of introduction to the WWE crowd . ` I hit the ground running ... the first I ever wrestled was at Wrestlemania with an attendance record at Levi 's Stadium , ' she told Piper , whose nickname Rowdy she took for herself with his blessing . ` I had a problem when I left though . There 's no way I ca n't not go back in there again . There 's no way . After experiencing that , there 's nothing like it . Yeah . ` The second I left I was already thinking , ` How can I possibly go back ? ' I did n't even change yet . I had n't even gotten out of my outfit yet . ' Rousey tweeted ` We 're just gettin ' started ' after the event fuelling speculation for a return however her agent Brad Slater told Fox Sports ' UFC Tonight that it was just a one-off . Rousey throws Triple H over her shoulder and into the canvas as The Rock watches on in the hit appearance . Speaking to Piper about the differences between WWE and UFC , Rousey said it was about the ` uncertainty of the fight ' . ` I do n't know exactly what 's going to happen , ' she said of UFC , even though a predicted early attack in her last fight out led to her ending Cat Zingano 's night after a record 14 seconds . ` I do n't know if I 'm going to get really hurt , ' she continues . ` I do n't know what they 're going to come out with . My mind is still running over a million things that could possibly happen , whereas when I know exactly what 's going to go down -LRB- in WWE -RRB- , roughly , because it did n't go down exactly as I thought . Give or take . I 'm like , ` OK , this is the way it 's going to be and if it 's going to be this way I 'm not going to screw it up . ' ` Whereas in a fight , I 'm like , ` Do n't get stuck in a certain way . It can go any way so do n't screw it up . ' It 's a different kind of anxiety , for sure . ' From dangerous to demure , Rousey poses in front of a fast car at the premiere of Fast & Furious 7 . Rousey flies in for a punch on Michelle Rodriguez in their highly acclaimed Fast & Furious fight scene . After some high-profile movie roles , including the blockbuster Fast and Furious release that includes an epic fight scene with Michelle Rodriguez , and the completion of her book My Fight , Your Fight -LRB- out in May -RRB- , Rousey 's focus returns to her day job as the headline bout for UFC 190 . Her UFC bantamweight title will be up for grabs at the HSBC Arena against Correia , who is also undefeated in the Octagon and has been campaigning for a title shot with taunts at the expense of Rousey 's ` Four Horsewomen ' friends . ` This fight is not going to be short , ' Rousey told Piper . ` I do n't want her walking out of there the same way she she when she walked in . '