Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium , a 40,000-seater ground built in ` the gateway to the desert ' and featuring air conditioning for the comfort of players and fans . The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern . Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius , while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled . Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium , the 40,000-seater Al Rayyan Stadium . The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based firms . The stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the World Cup in Qatar in 2022 . Al Rayyan will hold matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 tournament and after the World Cup its capacity will be almost halved to 21,000 seats , with the removable upper tier sent to developing nations . The new stadium , set to be completed in the early months of 2019 , now has a more traditional look than the previously-mooted design which featured a huge screen referred to as a ` digital skin ' . Sitting on the site of a now-deconstructed ground , Al Rayyan 's facade includes seven patterns representing different aspects of Qatari culture which designers say ` blend together to tell the story of a nation ' . A mosque , aquatics centre , athletics track , cricket pitch , tennis courts and a hockey pitch are being built nearby , along with a new medical centre and the already-planned Mall of Qatar . A mosque , aquatics centre , athletics track , cricket pitch , tennis courts and hockey pitch are being built . The stadium , set to be completed in the early months of 2019 , now has a more traditional look than mooted . At the unveiling of the new stadium in Qatar , viewers look over the site of the new stadium and the plans . Hassan Al Thawadi , Secretary General of the Supreme Committee , said : ` Unveiling the design of Al Rayyan stadium is another important step forward in our preparations to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup . ` We will continue to work tirelessly as our vision for the tournament takes shape on the ground . ` As one of the most successful and widely-supported clubs in Qatar , Al Rayyan has always played an important part in our hosting plans . Hassan Al Thawadi , Secretary General of the Supreme Committee said this was another step forward . Al Tahwadi added : ` We are very confident that this impressively designed stadium will become a landmark ' ` We are very confident that this impressively designed stadium and precinct will become a landmark for the Al Rayyan area and benefit the entire community . ' Qatar 's original World Cup bid featured 12 stadiums , but that figure is expected to be dropped to the minimum requirement of eight with a final decision to be made by FIFA this year . Plans for four other stadiums have been revealed so far : in Al Khor , Al Wakrah , the Aspire Zone and Qatar Foundation . The Al Rayyan Stadium is shown from the side - it is expected to be completed in the early months of 2019 .