Hillary Clinton 's security detail arrived at a suburban Des Moines , Iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with an added vehicle -- a second Scooby . After her signature oversize black Chevy conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk , Iowa , a visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle . Both armored vehicles have raised roofs , deep-tinted windows and New York license plates . But while the original van -- the one nicknamed ` Scooby ' after the Scooby-Doo cartoon show -- sports a mustard-yellow New York tag , the second has blue and white plates of a different design . Scroll down for video . WHY BUY ONE WHEN YOU CAN HAVE TWO AT TWICE THE PRICE ? The first picture of both of Hillary Clinton 's Scooby mobiles . One is a GMC and the other is a Chevrolet , but they are mechanically identical . CONVOY : Scooby-one and Scooby-two took up positions in Hillary 's motorcade on a freeway near Des Moines . BACK SEAT DRIVER ? Hillary Clinton climbs into the so-called Scooby van after a campaign stop at Capital City Fruit in Norwalk , Iowa . Clinton -LRB- right -RRB- , a Democratic presidential hopeful and former secretary of state , posed for selfies with fans after meeting with members of the Iowa State legislature at the State Capital on Wednesday . It 's common for U.S. Secret Service to employ ` decoy ' vehicles , identical in design , in order to inject some mystery into VIPs ' travel plans , if for no other reason than to confuse and discourage would-be attackers . When President Barack Obama returns to the White House after long trips , his arrival on the Marine One helicopter can be a shell-game exercise when three identical choppers appear on the horizon . Only one , of course , lands on the South Lawn . A Secret Service spokesperson said the agency does not comment on security arrangements for dignitaries . FLASHERS : ` Scooby-two ' forced an Iowa motorist to leave the roadway on Wednesday so it could go through a red light and rejoin the caravan . Mrs. Clinton enjoys constant protection at taxpayers ' expense because she is part of a former first family , not as a result of her service in the U.S. Senate or the State Department . But at some point during presidential campaigns , front-runner status generally attracts Secret Service as a candidate 's profile is elevated and crowd sizes swell . On Wednesday , the two Scooby vans arrived at Clinton 's appointed location separately , but left together in a seven-car motorcade . UNDER GUARD : Two Secret Service agents with Scooby One in Iowa today . MOTORCADE : The Clinton convoy includes both Scooby vans and four black Suburbans , believed to all be Secret Service vehicles . It also included a white minivan on Wednesday . Scooby-Two 's driver brought up the rear , at enough of a distance to allow another car to pull in front of him . When that car stopped at a red light , the GMC van 's blue and red flashing lights came on . The stray car 's driver pulled to one side and Scooby-Two zoomed into the intersection , against the light . DECOYS : The Secret Service frequently deploys duplicates of aircraft and cars it uses to transport VIPs -- including Marine One , the president 's customized helicopter , which usually travels with two decoys .