This is the man who allegedly opened fire in the campus library of a North Carolina college on Monday morning , leaving one person dead . Kenneth Stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , where he is accused of shooting dead a man who working in the school 's print shop . According to police , Stancil walked into the building at 8 am carrying a long-barreled gun , went up to the third floor , and fired one shot , which killed long-time employee Ron Lane . It is not known whether Stancil and Lane are connected or related . Scroll Down for Video . Manhunt : Police believe the shooter was Kenneth Stancil , a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina . He allegedly entered the building at 8 am and fired one shot . Killed : The single bullet fired on Monday morning killed Rodney Lane -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- who was a long-time employee at the Wayne Community College print shop . It is not known if he was connected to Stancil . Issuing a warrant for his arrest , authorities described Stancil as white , approximately 5 ' 11 '' , with a goatee , and a tattoo over his left eye . SWAT teams raced to Wayne Community College in Goldsboro just before 9 am on Monday after frantic 911 calls of a gunman who had opened fire . Goldsboro City Manager Scott Stevens , told CNN that one person was fatally shot and that the suspect was still at large and an ` active shooter ' situation existed . ` There have been shots fired on the campus of Wayne Community College , ' said Kim Best , spokeswoman for the city of Goldsboro . ` There has been one fatality , and there is one shooter . ' Police identified the victim as Rod Lane who worked in the college print shop . Take over : A military style SWAT vehicle from the Johnston County Sheriff 's Office arrived at the college . Response : Goldsboro Sheriff 's Department rushed to Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina after a shooting inside the campus library just before 9 am on Monday . Relief : SWAT teams were clearing the campus building by building and students were congregating in the college parking lot on Monday morning . Clearing buildings : A line of about 20 to 30 students were escorted out of the campus with their hands up . Leaving : As the morning progressed students were escorted off the college campus by police . Evacuation : Students on the campus were led to safety after SWAT teams arrived just after the shooting . Early morning : Police from around Wayne County descended on the community college after 911 calls were made reporting a shooting inside the campus library . Warning : The college website advised all students to shelter as there was an active shooter on campus . At a press conference late on Monday morning , WCC president Kay Albertson said : ` Our hearts are heavy , but it could have been a lot worse . ' Goldsboro Police confirmed that one person had been shot in the ` vicinity ' of the campus library . Stancil was reported to be wearing a blue jacket with light colored pants . Authorities have urged the public not to approach him as he is considered extremely dangerous . They have asked anyone who believes they have seen him to phone 911 immediately . According to WRAL , a student government representative said the shooting took place on the third floor of the Wayne Learning Center , which houses the library , cafeteria and student lounge . Fire Marshall Brian Taylor told NBC News that multiple members of local law enforcement descended on the scene and a massive manhunt was underway for the suspected shooter . According to MSNBC , the lockdown was lifted as of about 10.30 am ET . Daniel Wiggins , assistant operations manager for Wayne County , North Carolina , told CNN that just before 9 am the college website confirmed the school was on lockdown with a message reading , ` This is not a drill . The entire campus is on lockdown . ' Appeal for calm : Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina , was on lockdown after one person was shot in the library , said Daniel Wiggins , assistant operations manager for Wayne County . Rapid response : Shortly after 9 am the The GPD crime lab arrived at the community college . Swat teams hurried to arrive on the scene and according to the local Goldsboro News Argus the entire campus was evacuated building by building . Speaking to THV11.com Tara Humphries , of Wayne Community College claimed that police have one suspect ` under control . ' However , that has not been confirmed by law enforcement sources . School officials said there was no hostage situation , but did say that some students and teachers ` are still trapped inside and trying to get out . ' College President Kay Albertson said staff and students had been evacuated and ` we 've been told to pull back . ' According to Wayne County Schools spokesman Ken Derksen , the Tommy 's Road Elementary School was also on lockdown because it is one mile from the community college . The college is one hour away from Raleigh and has 3,900 students currently enrolled .