Online blogging sensation Zoella has come under fire from Jamie Oliver 's company over adverts for unhealthy foods that appear next to her vlogs on YouTube . Internet star Zoella , real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg , has enjoyed meteoric success after her blog and video posts amassed a huge teen following on social media . Jamie Oliver 's company , an enduring advocate for promoting healthy eating , has warned that young stars such as Zoella , 25 , and fellow vlogger and boyfriend Alfie Deyes , 21 , should be more aware of the adverts that appear alongside their posts . Wise words : Jamie Oliver 's company has said that influential vloggers such as Zoella -LRB- right -RRB- should try and ensure adverts for unhealthy foods do n't appear next to their posts . It comes after an investigation found that video blogs - known as vlogs -- popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites . Although some of these are for harmless products such as Dolmio pasta sauce or hair dye , others are for Haribo , Coca-Cola and for an online gambling website , according to the Independent newspaper . Oliver 's own company says it has a deal with YouTube that ensures that the chef 's channel on the video sharing website actively stops sugary food and drinks from being promoted next to his videos . On Sunday , Brighton-based Zoella posted a video entitled ` Stuff Your Mouth ' with ThatcherJoe -LRB- My Brother -RRB- . The video showed the star and her sibling trying to guess what each other was saying while filling their mouth with marshmallows . The post has already attracted over 1.5 million views . The video blogger describes herself on her Twitter profile as ` YouTuber , Blogger , Friend & Pizza Addict ' . Last year , she published her book Girl Online , which recorded record sales for a first-time author . On the back of her social media success , Zoella has also created her own beauty line . Her boyfriend has achieved similar success with more than three million subscribers signing up to his YouTube channel . The couple share a £ 1million Brighton home . Although the Advertising Standard Authority -LRB- ASA -RRB- currently prevents food that is high in fat , salt or sugar from being advertised on television shows that appeal to children under 16 , there are no guidelines about video bloggers , despite their growing influence . Matt Wilson , spokesman for the ASA told FEMAIL that while ` television-like content ' posted on YouTube was not yet subject to the same guidelines , the ASA was ` keeping an eye on the situation ' . He said : ` A recently commissioned Independent Review into the impact of online advertising of food and soft drink products on children showed that the available evidence on advertising 's impact on children 's dietary choices is limited , and does not merit a change to the existing rules . ' ` Where the TV and online rules differ is on scheduling . As the available evidence shows , media differ ; with TV having the most persuasive , albeit a moderate , impact on children 's food preferences . ` This is why there are currently scheduling restrictions on TV -LRB- for foods that are classed as ` high in fat salt or sugar ' -RRB- that do n't apply online and to other non-broadcast media . ' Star couple : The young web-savvy entrepreneurs can count a beauty line and several books between them but should they be more conscious of what they 're promoting to their young audience . Zoella 's boyfriend , Alfie Deyes , a hugely successful blogger in his own right featured Jamie Oliver on a vlogging post last year . Ads for McDonalds and Coca Cola ran alongside the footage . A virtual career has brought bricks and mortar : Zoella splashed out £ 1million for her first house last year . The luxury property is in the seaside town of Brighton . The vloggers are unlikely to have control over which adverts appear next to their posts although Oliver 's company is suggesting that such influential stars should be proactive in requesting that certain brands , such as Haribo and Coca Cola , do not appear . When Jamie Oliver appeared alongside Alfie Deyes , who is dating Zoella , ads for McDonald 's and Coca-Cola appeared . A representative from the chef 's company told the ipaper that while they could n't control what appeared on others ' channels , they did have a ` firm agreement ' with YouTube about what could appear on Oliver 's own Food Tube channel . FEMAIL has contacted Zoella for a comment . Professor Jason Halford , a health behaviour expert at the University of Liverpool , said : ` Advertising does affect children in terms of what they purchase and reinforcing the brand . ` But even beyond brand , our research has found it makes them grab the nearest sugary thing around , irrespective of their appetite . ' The couple are n't the only ones to feel the wrath of the Naked Chef in recent weeks . While at his Ministry of Food cookery school in Sydney , Australia , Oliver was drawn on his ongoing feud with Gordon Ramsay and could n't resist stoking the embers . Oliver said of his one-time friend : ` He 's just a ranter , he 's paid to rant . He 's paid to shower negativity and all his proteges do n't talk to him because he 's like that and it 's a shame . ' He added : ` To be honest , I 'm annoyed that I said anything because I did bite for a few years and it felt quite good but I do n't think it 's very responsible of me to take the p *** again because I do n't want his kids to get upset because I 'm slagging off their dad . '