Apple is thought to have sold more than one million of its smartwatches in the first 24 hours it was available for pre-order . But UK buyers who are prepared to wait to get their hands on the eagerly anticipated wearable may want to snap up an Apple Watch on holiday , because Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy one . The most expensive Edition model costs up to £ 2,500 more in the UK compared to elsewhere in the world , while at the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £ 63 more for the Sport model . Britain is the most expensive place in the world in buy the Apple Watch . The three models are pictured above . The Sport , shown left is round £ 63 more expensive in the UK than the US and there is a difference in price of over £ 1,230 when it comes to the luxurious Watch Edition -LRB- right -RRB- . The gadget is available to pre-order in nine countries . The cheapest model is the 38 mm Sport version and costs £ 299 in the UK . In the US , the same model costs $ 349 , but this does n't include sales tax . Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold , but as an example California has one of the highest rates - at 9 % - while Montana has zero . With both of these sales taxes added to the price of the Sports model in the US , the total cost works out at $ 380.41 -LRB- £ 257 -RRB- and $ 349 -LRB- £ 236 -RRB- in the respective states . This is a difference of £ 42 when bought in California , compared to the UK , and £ 63 when compared to Montana . The effect is magnified for the top-of-the-range Edition version , which costs from £ 8,000 for the 38 mm model in Britain , compared to a starting price of $ 10,000 in the US . At the time of writing , $ 10,000 converts to £ 6,769 - which equates to a difference of £ 1,231 before charges are taken into account . The most expensive version of the 38 mm edition in the UK is £ 13,500 in the UK , and $ 17,000 in the US . When sales taxes are added to the US model , the price rises to $ 18,530 in California , which converts to £ 12,543 - a difference of £ 957 . All prices shown in the table above are for the most expensive option in each model and region . Prices also include all relevant sales taxes . Beneath each foreign price is the conversion rate in GBP . In the US , California was chosen because it has one of the highest sales taxes at 9 % , while Montana was chosen for the opposite end of the scale because it does n't have a sales tax . Quebec in Canada has one of the highest sales taxes at 15 % , while Alberta has one of the lowest at 5 % . Prices and conversions were correct at the time of writing . But the difference is n't just visible between the UK and US . In Australia , for example , the most expensive 38 mm Edition costs $ 21,000 AUD , which converts to £ 10,832 - a difference of around £ 2,665 compared to the UK . In fact , during MailOnline investigations the UK price for all three models of the watch , in both sizes with all sales taxes included , still works out more expensive in all the other regions where the watch is currently available for pre-order . The only places the Watch works out cheaper in the UK is when it 's compared to the most expensive 42 mm Edition model in Australia and China , or the 38 mm Edition in Quebec and China . Explaining the price differences , Apple told MailOnline : ` UK prices include VAT . US prices do n't include sales tax . ' Sales tax is calculated by multiplying the purchase price by the tax rate , which varies widely by jurisdiction , and ranges from zero to around 15 per cent in Canada . The gadget is now available in nine countries , with the cheapest model -- the 38 mm Sport version costing £ 299 in the UK . Here , Apple Watch fans in Beijing looking at the devices behind glass and on a display stand . The Apple Watch will go on sale in Apple shops and selected department stores on April 24 . It will initially be available in Europe , China , Australia , Canada , Japan and America . It comes in three different versions - Sport , Watch and Edition - with each one made from different materials , such as anodized aluminium , stainless steel and 18 karat yellow or rose gold . Customers can choose either a 38 mm or 42 mm face , with an estimated battery of around 18 hours . These price discrepancies do n't just apply to Apple products , however . MailOnline recently compared prices for the Sony PlayStation 4 , GoPro Hero4 Silver edition action camera , Samsung Galaxy Gear 2 Neo in black and the Apple iPad Air 2 . The US is also the cheapest place to buy the 38 mm Apple Watch , where it costs $ 549 -LRB- £ 366 -RRB- - £ 110 cheaper than in the UK where it 's on sale for £ 479 . The watch has already gone on display in Apple stores across these regions , as well as in Galeries Lafayette in Paris -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Isetan in Tokyo and Selfridges in London . Prices were compared on both the UK and US Amazon sites , plus PC World in the UK and Best Buy in the US -- with all taxes and VAT included . At the time of the research , the PlayStation 4 cost £ 327 from Amazon UK and £ 349 from PC World . This was compared to $ 435 in the US , which converts to £ 272 . For the GoPro Hero 4 camera , prices were closer between the two countries , but UK customers still paid up to £ 17 more for the device . In terms of the Samsung Gear 2 Neo , prices ranged from £ 135 -LRB- $ 216 -RRB- on the American Amazon site up to £ 190 on its UK equivalent . And Apple 's price discrepancy does n't just apply to its own store . Customers buying the Apple iPad Air 2 from other retailers pay £ 399 in the UK at PC World , compared to £ 340 -LRB- $ 544 -RRB- at Best Buy in the US . MailOnline compared prices for the Sony PlayStation 4 , GoPro Hero4 Silver , Samsung Galaxy Gear 2 Neo , and Apple iPad Air 2 . Prices were compared on UK and US Amazon sites , PC World in the UK and Best Buy in US - with all taxes and VAT included . Prices are shown in pounds and are correct at the time of writing .