Meet Byron Schlenker and his teenage daughter who BOTH hold records for having the world 's widest tongue . Byron 's buds measure a whopping 8.6 cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2 cm wider than an iPhone 6 . His daughter Emily , 14 , is not far behind at 7.3 cm and hold 's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men 's crown . Scroll down for video . Emily and Byron Schlenker are the world record holders for having the widest female and male toungues . The father and daughter have been recognised by Guinness World Records and have tongues a whopping 8.6 cm and 7.3 cm wide respectively . Byron only found out he was a world-beater when he picked up a Guinness World Records book at the library while helping his daughter with a school project . A young Byron aged 10 before he , and his tongue , grew into record breakers . Byron , 47 , only discovered his tongue was the widest in the world when he picked up a copy of the Guinness Book of World Records while helping Emily with a school project at the library . After measuring his tongue , he found it was nearly a centimetre wider than the then record holder 's . Since his tongue was officially dubbed the world 's widest he has become something of a celebrity in his hometown of Syracuse , New York . The project manager said : ` The book goes all over the world and it 's neat to see people 's responses on Facebook and things like that . ' His daughter added : ` I did n't want anything to do with it at first but we measured my tongue and found out that it was wider -LSB- than the then record holder 's -RSB- . ' Byron 's wife Vicki says her friends ` make jokes about Byron 's tongue and our love life ' , but she wo n't be drawn on the insinuations . She said : ` We try to keep it clean . We are a wholesome family with three young ladies in the house so we just kind of laugh it off . ' Byron with wife Vicki and daughter Emily . The teenager said : ` I did n't want anything to do with it at first but we measured my tongue and found out that it was -LSB- the world 's widest -RSB- ' Vicki measuring her husband 's tongue . Her friends ` make jokes about Byron 's tongue and our love life ' The whole family Schlenker at home in Syracuse , celebrating record breakers Byron and Emily . Left to right : Andie , Emily , Byron , Vicki and Cindy .