Ben Stokes pulled his shirt across his mouth before smiling at Marlon Samuels , as if to declare a truce in their feud . There was little else for England to laugh about as the second Test stuttered towards another stalemate . England go into the last day here , just as they did in Antigua , needing eight wickets to have any chance of the victory they so badly need in this series . One of them belongs to their old nemesis Samuels who , along with the obdurate Kraigg Brathwaite , saw West Indies into credit and within sight of another draw with only the final Test in Barbados next week to play . Marlon Samuels had the chance to renew his feud with Ben Stokes but the pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated . Joe Root leaves the field after being left stranded on 182 not out after a stunning display of batting on the fourth morning in Grenada . The 24-year-old looks dismayed following Anderson 's careless mistake in between the wickets cost him a shot at a double century . England 's rising star had been in imperious form as he built yet another ` daddy ' hundred while wickets fell around him . Before his error , Anderson had played his part as a No 11 with intelligence , supporting Root sensibly and keeping off strike . Root plays the ball away for another boundary as West Indian captain Denesh Ramdin on his way to yet another big score . 110 . Root has a Test average of 110.1 in the last year . He has converted four of his six tons into 150s -- the fourth best record in Tests . If that is a frustrating scenario for England then at least they seemed to decide on Friday there was no point in further antagonising Samuels . The eccentric Jamaican had put one over on Stokes with his salute on the third evening , and England stopped sledging and concentrated on trying to get Samuels out . So far they have failed . Alastair Cook brought Stokes back when Samuels arrived at the fall of West Indies ' second wicket , but his four-over burst failed to earn a breakthrough . The rest of England 's attack toiled , too . West Indies ended this fourth day on 202 for two , a lead of 37 , with Brathwaite unbeaten on 101 , and the only winner on day five looks likely to be the lifeless pitch unless England make big inroads with the second new ball . England were all out when Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out following a fine catch by Jason Holder . West Indies star Holder leaps in the air before hitting the stumps to end Root 's chance of scoring 200 runs . Holder takes the bails off while Anderson makes his way to the crease without sliding his bat on the floor . Earlier , Jimmy Anderson had left Joe Root stranded with one of the doziest pieces of cricket imaginable as England threw away their chance of reaching 500 . It may seem harsh to criticise a tail-ender who had hung around valiantly in a last-wicket stand of 34 as Root moved majestically to his latest ` daddy ' hundred . Yet it beggared belief that any international player could be run out in quite such a dopey way . Root had reached 182 and been imperious as one team-mate after another got themselves out softly before the third and most frustrating run-out . Anderson was ambling back for a second run and broke the first rule of schoolboy cricket by taking his eye off the ball . He seemed convinced it was going to the other end , or that the throw would pass over the head even of the giant Jason Holder . Instead , Holder leapt to take it and had time to remove the bails with Anderson making no attempt to ground his bat . So , Anderson would have been delighted with his 387th Test wicket as he swung the ball in at Devon Smith and saw the local boy became the latest batsman to drag the ball on to his stumps on this slow pitch . It gave England a crucial early breakthrough as West Indies , 165 behind on first innings , began their attempt to bat for four of the five remaining sessions that would effectively save this Test . Yet any thoughts England had of a collapse and even a four-day victory were dashed as the match reverted to type , with wickets hard to come by on a pitch showing little sign of decline . Brathwaite is a batsman who needs little invitation to dig in and the solid Barbadian was in his element as he frustrated England in a stand of 142 with Darren Bravo that wiped off the bulk of West Indies ' deficit . It was a display of old-fashioned application that has been sadly lacking in Caribbean cricket but it was one that left Cook devoid of options . When another wicket came it was a surprise , Bravo getting a thin edge to a delivery from Stuart Broad when he had made 69 . Yet with Moeen Ali looking rusty on his return , there was little mystery nor imagination in England 's attack . At least they could savour Root 's fourth score of 150 plus in his six Test hundreds . The last four have all finished unbeaten , one of them on 149 . There were also four sixes as Root became the second youngest Englishman , after Cook , to reach 2,000 Test runs , an achievement that has come in 43 innings , one fewer even than Sachin Tendulkar managed it . How England needed Root at his best because after his stand of 165 with Gary Ballance had been ended on the third day , the lower middle order and tail all hurried themselves out . Root and Anderson made up as they returned to the pavilion for lunch during West Indies ' second innings . Chris Jordan was one of three English batsmen run out in their second innings , despite a despairing dive to make his ground . Anderson began to make amends almost immediately when he bowled Devon Smith , off yet another inside edge on the slow wicket . Stuart Broad 's woes with the bat continued , as he found a new way to get out , edging a sweep into the air without scoring . It looked like being a frustrating day all round for Broad , as the West Indies set about nullifying England 's lead on a dead pitch . Broad eventually found England 's second breakthrough of the day , removing Darren Bravo who edged a good delivery behind . Moeen Ali looked rusty on his return from injury , and Root 's bowling was often preferred to the nominally first-choice spinner . Bravo cuts the ball through the field as the West Indian batsmen closed the gap on England quickly during the afternoon and evening . Bravo and Kraigg Brathwaite were relatively untroubled for a long period of the day , as they put on 142 for the second wicket . Jos Buttler got over-excited and was stumped , before Chris Jordan also ran himself out after showing a few glimpses of the batting quality which will surely one day earn him a Test century of his own . It was no surprise when Broad failed again as his batting has seemed in steep decline since he was hit in the face at Old Trafford last year by a ball from Varun Aaron of India , however much he tries to convince himself it is not . There was a time when Broad , who hit a brilliant hundred against Pakistan at Lord 's in 2010 , looked like a genuine all-rounder but now there is even an argument that Anderson should bat above him . As long as he does not run himself out quite so soppily . England 's two fast bowlers , Broad and Anderson , discuss tactics with skipper Alastair Cook as they look to take wickets . Brathwaite cuts away for more runs as the young opener made England 's attack toil in the West Indian heat . Brathwaite acknowledges the crowd after reaching his half-century , and the West Indies batsman would go on to make three figures . Anderson wipes the sweat from his forehead on another difficult day for England 's bowlers on a tour featuring flat pitches . Ben Stokes looks back as the ball passes him on its way to the boundary , as the West Indies retook the lead on day four . Chris Jordan appeals vociferously , but unsuccesfuly , as England found wickets hard to come by on day four .