Ever since the iPhone 3GS launched in 2009 , Apple has followed a new handset one year with a marginally-different 'S ' version the year after . But rumours suggest it is about to abandon these plans by skipping the launch of a 6S this autumn in favour of going straight for the iPhone 7 . This difference may seem slight , but it suggests the next model of iPhone could be substantial improvement on iPhone 6 range , and rumours have hinted towards new features such as Force Touch . Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the 6S later this year in favour of going straight for the iPhone 7 . This difference may seem slight but it suggests the next model of iPhone could be substantial improvement on iPhone 6 range -LRB- pictured -RRB- , and rumours have hinted towards new features . The claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo during a note to investors on Tuesday , reports MacRumors . He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch , recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook . Apple describes Force Touch as the ` most significant new sensing capability ' since Multi‑Touch . It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures , but it additionally tracks the pressure of a person 's click and responds accordingly . The claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo who said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch , recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook -LRB- pictured -RRB- . It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures , but additionally tracks the pressure of a click and responds accordingly . Apple released its iOS 8.3 update yesterday . And in addition to 300 new emojis , including the much-anticipated ` racially diverse ' people icons , Apple also rolled out Wi-Fi Calling on more networks . People on Sprint in the US and EE in the UK can now use their iPhones to make calls using the web . Wi-Fi Calling routes calls through a Wi-Fi network instead of using mobile signal , which can be notoriously temperamental . Calls made over Wi-Fi do n't use minutes or data and can be used to make free calls when roaming . Apple added the option in iOS 8 in September , although it was only used by T-Mobile at that time . EE launched the UK 's first Wi-Fi Calling service earlier this week on the Lumia 640 and Samsung 's Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge . Although services such as Skype and Viber offer calls over Wi-Fi , Wi-Fi Calling does n't require an app and uses the handset 's built-in dialler and contact list . This means gestures and tracking feel more intuitive and are more responsive . And on the Watch this feature is used to access more options in menus , for example . If Force Touch is added to the next iPhone , Mr Kuo said the change will be significant enough to warrant Apple adding the 7 moniker to any new handsets . This follows recent rumours which suggested a 4-inch version of the iPhone 6 is in development to replace the iPhone 5C with a lower cost and ` female friendly ' design . The handset will be launched during 2015 , according to Chinese rumour site feng.com , and it would complement the current range of larger 4.7 and 5.5-inch screen sizes . In particular , The Feng.com report called the new design ` female friendly ' , alluding to the fact women typically have smaller hands than men . This could be known as the iPhone 6C , or based on Mr Kuo 's predictions , the iPhone 7C . The larger handsets were extremely well received and became Apple 's fastest-selling product to date , selling more than 10 million units within the first three days . Many doubted how successful a large screen iPhone would be , claiming it was too big but the recent sales figures show the 6 Plus is outselling every other ` phablet ' in the US . Despite being on the market for just a single month of the three months ending October 2014 , the iPhone 6 Plus captured 41 per cent of ` phablet ' sales . This follows recent rumours which suggested a 4-inch version of the iPhone 6 is in development to replace the iPhone 5C -LRB- pictured -RRB- with a lower cost and a more ` female friendly ' design . This could be known as the iPhone 6C , or based on Mr Kuo 's predictions , the iPhone 7C . Apple released its iOS 8.3 update yesterday . In addition to 300 new emojis , including the much-anticipated ` racially diverse ' people icons -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Apple also rolled out Wi-Fi Calling on more networks . People on Sprint in the US and EE in the UK can now use their iPhones to make calls using the web .