One-eyed police killer Dale Cregan has been sent to the same psychiatric hospital as Moors murderer Ian Brady after going on hunger strike for the second time . The 31-year-old has reportedly been transferred from HMP Manchester , formerly Strangeways , to Ashworth Hospital , a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull , Merseyside . Cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012 , was said to have started refusing food at the Category A jail after being moved to solitary confinement . Scroll down for video . One-eyed police murderer Dale Cregan -LRB- above left -RRB- has reportedly been moved from the Category A prison to the same secure psychiatric hospital as Moors murderer Ian Brady -LRB- above right -RRB- . A source said told the Sun : ` He 's playing the system . ` If he 's offered a move he likes , he will start eating . ' Brady , who was jailed for life in 1966 , was sent to Ashworth Hospital over 30 years ago . Together with Myra Hindley , who died in prison in 2002 , he tortured and murdered five children in Greater Manchester between 1963 and 1965 . In 2013 a mental health tribunal ruled that Brady should stay at Ashworth , despite the notorious killer arguing that he was not suffering from paranoid schizophrenia and should go back to jail . Cregan , who lost an eye in a brawl , was told he would die in prison when he was jailed for life without parole in June 2013 . He was already on the run for the murders of David Short , 46 , and son Mark , 23 , when he killed the two policewomen after luring them to a house with a fake 999 call before shooting them 32 times on the doorstep and then throwing a grenade at them . It was claimed he was sent to solitary confinement at HMP Manchester last month after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his cell . Before the fallout sources told the Daily Star Sunday that Cregan had an enhanced status and was allowed additional time in the games area and yard , as well as a flat-screen TV and DVD player in his room . Sources reportedly claimed that the police killer was ` playing the system ' after being moved to Ashworth Hospital in Merseyside -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester -LRB- pictured above -RRB- , formerly Strangeways , after going on hunger strike for the second time . Brady -LRB- artists impression from when he gave evidence at a mental health tribunal , left -RRB- together with Myra Hindley -LRB- pictured right -RRB- , who died in prison in 2002 , tortured and murdered five children in Greater Manchester between 1963 and 1965 . But the benefits were taken off him after he was caught smuggling for a second time . ` Cregan has burned all his bridges in here , ' the source reportedly told the newspaper . ` He has not eaten since he was sent into segregation . ' Ashworth hospital offers comfortable bedrooms and patients are allowed personal items such as CDs , photos and books . Art and music workshops , pottery and cooking classes , and social events such as bingo and film nights are also offered to the patients . A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice said that they do not comment on individuals . He was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone -LRB- left -RRB- and Nicola Hughes -LRB- right -RRB- in 2012 .