Alex Impey is breaking the law selling his customers marijuana , but as long as he keeps hearing stories that the drug is helping them cope with pain , he could n't care less . And business for medicinal marijuana is booming , with Mr Impey telling Daily Mail Australia he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store , Gnostic Hemporium , on the NSW Central Coast , north of Sydney . ` I 've got people coming in all the time , who have everything from cancer to early onset Parkinson 's , ' the father of two said . ` And that woman -LSB- with Parkinson 's -RSB- has had remarkable results when using the cannabis , it stopped her shuddering . ' Scroll down for video . Alex Impey , is a father-of-two , who says he is selling marijuana to help to those suffering from serious illness . Larisa Rule recovers in hospital after one of her surgical procedures with mum Jaylen by her side . Her parents make no apologies for turning to marijuana to help their daughter cope with her conditions , which include epilepsy . The medicinal marijuana broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill . Users say it is as simple as placing into food or bottles for babies . Some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $ 80 to $ 150 per gram . Parents of children with serious illnesses are being taught how to grow their own marijuana crops , such as this one -LRB- above -RRB- . ` And mate , there are two blokes who both have daughters with childhood epilepsy and they have only good things to say about the effect it has had on their kids , so I will keep doing it . ' One of those ` blokes ' is Peter Rule . His three-year-old daughter , Larisa , suffered brain damage at birth , leaving her partially blind and deaf , and with cerebral palsy and epilepsy . Within two days she was having up to 60 uncontrollable seizures a day - some lasting more than an hour . Doctors , said her mother Jaylen Siery , tried almost everything to stop the convulsions and even considered brain surgery . So when traditional approaches did nothing to relieve her suffering , her parents , turned to less conventional methods , having heard the benefits others had had from a dose of liquid cannabis . Results , they insist , were immediate . Within 24 hours Larisa 's seizures were down to just five a day . Ms Siery , 22 , told Daily Mail Australia : ` People tell me I 'm a terrible mother and they say things like `` you would n't give your daughter heroin '' . ` But little do they realise , most of the medicines the doctors gave us before had opium in - the same plant heroin is derived from , ' she said . Jaylen Siery -LRB- above left with her baby Larisa , also right -RRB- tried almost everything to stop the now three-year-old 's convulsions and even considered brain surgery . Mr Impey says Australia should follow the lead taken by parts of the United States , where the drug is approved for use in treating some serious illnesses . ` I 'm not a bad mother , I want nothing but good for my child , she was in pain , she was suffering , and I tried everything before I tried this ' . Mr Rule added : ` A lot of people forget about the hospital time we spend trialling medications until we decided the best treatment we already had in our own backyard . ` Now we are regaining what should have never been lost in the first place , for some the cannabis is the last option other than death . ` The government has not offered to help anyone at all , the demand for this medicine has grown to unmanageable levels . . local community based support is taking control of the health care of people sourcing other options . ` We have no other choice but to support those around us until we see changes regarding the epidemic of failing treatments and over-prescribed pharmaceutical medications . ' Mr Rule turned to producing his own marijuana . Now the family has ` about three of four suppliers and they all look after us ' . A police spokesperson said , despite instances where people are let off with a caution : ` It is still considered an illicit drug and if you manufacture , possess or use it , then it is against the law and you face prosecution . ' Mr Impey is unconcerned at the prospect of prosecution , saying he 's providing help where it 's needed . The biggest problem they face is having their crops destroyed . ` It 's difficult when growing is considered illegal and the police are still taking -LRB- away -RRB- medicinal cannabis . . but we 'll keep going . ' Researching Larisa 's -LRB- second left -RRB- symptoms on the internet , Peter Rule -LRB- left -RRB- discovered a daily dose of liquid cannabis was an alternative therapy . Larisa Rule pictured in hospital . Her parents Peter and Jaylen say doctors tried all conventional methods and a continuous flow of medications to try and bring her seizures under control but ` nothing worked ' and that 's why they turned to marijuana . He said the liquid is made by soaking the cannabis flowers , leaves , or stems in ethyl alcohol to create a medicine . ` The Government has taken way too long to ensure the safe supply and regulation of whole plant products and while we wait on trials children and adults and dying and suffering , ' he claimed . ` Because of this many of us are making a stand and taking back our right to grow and use this plant . ' He admits , however , that striking the right balance of the active ingredients in marijuana is still a significant challenge , between the psycho-active chemical and cannabidiol - which is believed to provide much of the medicinal benefits . ` There are a wide variety of strains , we have to work on making one part of it lower and they other higher , each will have different effects on each individual ... so it is important to have access to a wide variety of strains . ' He says he 's not the only one , claiming other communities are following his programmed approach , to try and stop the law intervening . ` The plan we 've come up with means everyone does their part , including the individual who might be sick , ' Mr Impey said . ` More than 20 people a week are seeking it , and I 'm either making medicines for them or help in other ways . ` They just come in and ask me `` is this the stuff that cures cancer ? '' You know they 're desperate for help when they ask stuff like that . ' He revealed that another supplier in Sydney receives double the number of people enquiring about medicinal marijuana , each week . His Woy Woy store is a legitimate hemp outlet , selling various hemp-based products including clothing and cosmetics . He has started a process whereby sufferers can learn to make it for themselves . For about a $ 2000 investment , those who are sick , or family members , are given the products and taught for a 12-week period on how to produce for themselves , ` rather than paying 6000 for a pound of crap ' . ` We are working with people , and a lot of shop owners around the country have got into this , ' he said . Mr Rule with daughter Larisa . Some of the regular hemp products Mr Impey stocks in his store , including hemp seeds . Alex Impey at his hemp store on the New South Wales central coast . He says more than 20 new requests for help come through the door each week . ` By doing this they do n't have to go to the gangs who are growing , do n't have to go down the back alley and deal with 16-year-old school-kids . ` A lot of it -LRB- marijuana -RRB- is now coming from South Australia , all that crap they make , it is a drug they are getting off the street , we are trying to go with a quality approach , focusing on the plants which help and doing it on a smaller scale like a hobby . ` So many people want access so even if it is legalised , it is never going to be just the one person or just the government , it is n't the case now . ` We offer a sort of , I guess , dispensary sort of business , using the same sort of guidelines they do in parts of the US , I heard of in California or Colorado . ' In fact , marijuana is legal in more than 20 states in the US , if users can provide proof they are using it as treatment for serious illnesses , like Larisa 's acute epilepsy . He explained that a group of ` about 50 people have set up our own cannabis club ' but it is not without risk , on several levels . Peter Rule with daughter Larisa and partner Jaylen . He said : ` A lot of people forget about the hospital time we spend trialling -LRB- other -RRB- medications until we decided the best treatment we already had in our own backyard , we are regaining what should have never been lost in the first place ' ` What is wrong with growing something that is helping people , we have a team of 15 growers , who supply those who can not . ` It 's not about making money , ' he stressed , ` yes , I grow it but more importantly , I help set up people to help themselves ' . He said that those suffering epilepsy work together , as do those with Parkinson 's , ` we call ourselves cannabis clubs which encourage those coping with a problem being on the same page with someone else who is suffering in the same way ' . ` The way we planned it is they get to understand how it best fits their problem , how much they need and they can swap notes , it 's about feeling better , that 's all . ' ` We certainly do n't want major corporations taking control of this - some sort of deregulation needs to happen and the laws need to change , giving people the right to be able to grow it , after all it 's just another plant . '