The Queen is the most powerful piece in chess . But one of the UK 's most well-known grandmasters has angered women by saying they are n't smart enough to play the game . Nigel Short , 49 , said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking . The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were ` hard-wired very differently ' and were n't as adept at playing chess as men . Mr Short , who was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match , made the comments when explaining why there were so few women in competitive chess . Nigel Short has controversially claimed women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking . But critics immediately pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster . He told New in Chess magazine : ` Why should -LSB- men and women -RSB- function in the same way ? ` I do n't have the slightest problem in acknowledging that my wife -LSB- Rea -RSB- possesses a much higher degree of emotional intelligence than I do . ` Likewise , she does n't feel embarrassed in asking me to manoeuvre the car out of our narrow garage . ` One is not better than the other , we just have different skills . It would be wonderful to see more girls playing chess , and at a higher level , but rather than fretting about inequality , perhaps we should just gracefully accept it as a fact . ' His comments mirror those of his rival Garry Kasparov , who infamously said : ` Women , by their nature , are not exceptional chess players : they are not great fighters . ' Female chess players reacted angrily to Mr Short 's statements last night . Hungarian Judit Polgar , above , the former women 's world champion , beat Nigel Short eight classical games to three in total . Amanda Ross , the leader of the Casual Chess club in London , told The Daily Telegraph the comments were ` incredibly damaging when someone so respected basically endorses sexism ' . She added : ` Judit Polgar , the former women 's world champion , beat Nigel Short eight classical games to three in total , with five draws . ` She must have brought her man brain . ` Let 's just hope Nigel did n't crash his car on those days , trying to park it . ` At least this resolves the age-old debate as to whether there 's a direct link between chess-playing ability and intelligence . Clearly not . ' Mr Short responded to Miss Ross 's comments on Twitter , writing : You seem to suffer from incomprehension . ` Men and women do have different brains . This is a biological fact . ` Furthermore , I never said women have inferior brains . That is your crude and false attempt to caricature me . ' Less than two per cent of grandmasters are female , but Hungarian Miss Polgar broke into the upper echelons of the game when she became one of the youngest grandmasters of all time at the age of 15 .