Kim Sears looks set to be a glowing bride after she was spotted working on her wedding tan in Miami on Tuesday . Kim , who will marry her long-term partner later this month , showcased a golden glow watching Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson in their fourth round match . Wearing a wide-brimmed hat to shield her face from the sun , Kim was a vision of health as applied suncream whilst enjoying the match in Key Biscayne , Florida . Scroll down for video . Kim Sears grinned broadly as she watched fiance Andy Murray 's match against South Africa 's Kevin Anderson during day 9 of the Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center in Key Biscayne , Florida . Proving she 's ahead of the season 's trends , the 27-year-old artist donned a chic off-the-shoulder black dress and toted a statement red handbag . Kim certainly had something to smile about ; her man became only the ninth active player and 46th man in the Open Era to reach 500 wins when he beat Kevin Anderson in the fourth round of the Miami Open , triumphing 6-4 3-6 6-3 in just over two hours . Murray , 27 , was presented with a special celebratory cake after booking a quarter-final meeting with Dominic Thiem , and he soon turned his thoughts to the next major milestone . Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11 and not , as anticipated , in the tiny chapel at his Cromlix House Hotel , near the Perthshire town where he grew up . Kim was a vision of health as she showcased a golden glow watching Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson in their fourth round match . Kim has clearly been working on her tan , but shielded her face from the sun with an oversized floppy hat . The 27-year-old artist donned an off-the-shoulder black dress and toted a statement red handbag . Kim flashed her dazzling engagement ring as she applied some suntan lotion seated near Andy 's coach , Wimbledon champion Amelie Mauresmo . For the 27-year-old 's many fans and friends in the town , it means at least part of the wedding of the year will be a spectator sport , played out on the streets of the community . It is understood local residents and businesses urged the former Wimbledon champion to hold the April 11 service at the cathedral rather than at Cromlix House in nearby Kinbuck -- so they too could toast his big day . The 300-seat , 12th century cathedral is much bigger than the chapel at Cromlix , which seats only 28 . Thousands are expected to line Dunblane High Street on the day . Murray 's uncle Niall Erskine said : ` I 'm sure it will be a popular decision , as he 's had so much support from the people of Dunblane in the past . ` Andy is looking forward to bringing all his family and friends to Dunblane . I 'm sure lots of people will come down to see the cars as they go past and it will be a very popular day . ' Kim , who showcased her engagement ring on Tuesday , and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11 . Thousands are expected to line Dunblane High Street on the day and Kim is thought to be having four bridesmaids . Kim , who follows Andy around the world to watch his tennis matches , showed off her standard animated expression as she surveyed the match from the sidelines . The couple announced their engagement in November after nine years together . A glowing bride-to-be , Kim was spotted adjusting her sunglasses as she watched her man from the stands . Speaking about the big day , Murray 's uncle Niall Erskine said : ` Andy is looking forward to bringing all his family and friends to Dunblane . I 'm sure lots of people will come down to see the cars as they go past and it will be a very popular day ' The cathedral 's minister , the Rev Colin Renwick , said : ` I ca n't confirm anything as we have a strict rule that we can not discuss anyone 's wedding . ` Wherever the wedding will be , there is excitement because there is a great deal of affection for Andy in Dunblane and a great deal of pride in him . I think people are genuinely very pleased for him . ' The couple announced their engagement in November after nine years together . Murray has said he may have three best men ; his brother Jamie and friends Ross Hutchins and Carlos Mier . It is believed Miss Sears will have four bridesmaids . Kim watched Andy celebrate match point and his 500th ATP Tour victory against Kevin Anderson of South Africa in their fourth round match . Andy Murray stripped off in the heat as he competed at the Miami Open in Key Biscayne , Florida .