The family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his £ 1million estate to Turkish carer Nermin Kancefer -LRB- above -RRB- , who he met just 14 months before he died . The family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his £ 1million estate to a Turkish carer he met just 14 months before he died . Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer months after she moved in to his £ 615,000 flat . He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years . Four months later , he died at the age of 87 . His family claimed the carer exploited the ` vulnerable ' childless widower , who had Parkinson 's disease and was in poor health . But the mother-of-one , 50 , insists Mr Sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family . Mr Sears 's family challenged the will but agreed a £ 50,000 settlement in August after they were told legal costs in the case could reach six figures . His nephew Peter Harris , 49 , told the Mail the family had always got on well with the various carers Mr Sears had following his wife Kath 's death in 2009 . But he claimed within months of Miss Kancefer 's arrival she was calling him ` Daddy ' and they felt ` something was not right ' . He said Mr Sears ` suddenly ' turned on his nephews and niece , accusing them of conspiring to put him into a nursing home . He instructed solicitors to serve harassment notices to prevent them contacting him . Four months after she moved in , in February 2012 , Mr Sears paid £ 3,000 to buy Miss Kancefer out of her agency contract so she could work for him privately . He also gave her rings which had belonged to his wife of 40 years . He changed his will in August 2012 leaving the bulk to charity and some to Miss Kancefer , but changed it again in December that year leaving everything to her . His estate included his three-bedroom riverside flat in Walton-on-Thames , Surrey , and £ 400,000 in shares and cash . Mr Harris said he and his four siblings visited their uncle -- whose late wife was their mother 's sister -- once a month and he had spent Christmas with their family for decades . He added : ` We built a rapport with Dennis 's carers to ensure he was happy and well cared-for . This all changed suddenly when Nermin appeared on the scene . We were incredibly close , he was ensconced in the family . ` All of a sudden there was a dramatic change in his behaviour . She convinced him we wanted to put him in a home and were only after his money . It was so far from the truth . Our only concern was for Dennis 's welfare . ' He said fighting the will had been ` difficult ' as his uncle was proved to have been of sound mind when he changed it . ` We just want people to know the warning signs so this does n't happen to anyone else , ' he added . Dennis Sears ' estate included his three-bedroom riverside flat in Walton-on-Thames , Surrey -LRB- above -RRB- , and £ 400,000 in shares and cash . Miss Kancefer strongly denied any wrongdoing and said Mr Sears was ` extremely happy ' with her . She said he was ` angry ' with his relatives and it was his decision to disinherit them . She told the Mail : ` I had a special connection with Dennis . He gave me love like I never had from my father . ' She added : ` When I found him he was in a very bad condition but he really recovered and was enjoying life . ' She claimed she did n't find out about Mr Sears 's second will change until after he died . Asked why she thought he left everything to her , she said : ` Because he was looked after very well . ' She said Mr Sears had felt ` bullied ' by his relatives . ` If he was unhappy why should he leave it to them , ' she said , adding : ` If my son does not treat me well I will do the same . ' Surrey Police fraud officers were investigating the case but yesterday made the decision to take no further action .