Want to know what you 'd look like if you hit the gym and shed a few pounds ? Now you can , thanks to a new app that calculates a slimmer version of yourself - without having to do any exercise . ` Visualize You ' processes an image of you to reveal what you 'd look like if you were thinner - and perhaps inspire you to achieve your weight loss goal . Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You . It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight . Shown on the left is TV star James Corden at his current weight , 210 lbs -LRB- 95 kg -RRB- , and on the right he is seen after digitally losing 60 lbs -LRB- 27 kg -RRB- . A picture of Bridesmaids actress Melissa McCarthy at an event in February is shown on the left , and on the right the star is seen after digitally losing 50 lbs -LRB- 23 lbs -RRB- . Users are shown an original and a slimmer version , with a slider , so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight . The app , which costs £ 1.61 -LRB- $ 2.40 -RRB- on Android and £ 1.49 -LRB- $ 1.99 -RRB- on iOS for the full version , has been developed by US company Visual Health Solutions Inc but with the assistance of major American hospitals . The makers say that it uses algorithms which show the effects of weight loss more effectively than other apps which stretch or pinch images . The app has been developed with the Wellness Institute of the Cleveland Clinic , the University of Colorado Anschutz Health and Wellness Centre , and UnitedHealthcare . Actor Jonah Hill , pictured in June 2014 , is seen on the left at his normal weight , and on the right he is shown with a digital weight loss of 60 lbs -LRB- 27 lbs -RRB- . It asks you to enter your current height and weight and your target weight , giving you flexibility over how ambitious you want to be . Weight loss specialist Dr Charlie Seltzer told Yahoo Health : ` Visual cues are very helpful for a lot of people . ` I will often recommend that people put up pictures of what they want to look like or what they used to look like , provided the body image is healthy . ` l 'd hate for someone to put -LSB- their photo -RSB- in and see themselves not the way they are going to look , and get discouraged and disgruntled that they 're not changing how they 're supposed to . ` But my first thought upon hearing about this app , was : `` It sounds like a really good idea . '' ' Charlie Lankston -LRB- lost 20lbs/9kg -RRB- . Charlie Lankston is seen here before -LRB- left -RRB- and after -LRB- right -RRB- digitally losing 20 lbs -LRB- 9 kg -RRB- . ` At first , I thought it was great . The `` after '' picture looks pretty realistic , which I was n't actually expecting , and it was amazing to see what I could potentially look like with a few more trips to the gym ! ` However , after thinking about it a bit more , I started feeling a slightly ashamed about the size of my actual face . ` Realistically , losing 20 lbs is actually a pretty tough task , and the likelihood that I 'll be able to achieve it - and attain my `` skinny face '' - any time soon is pretty `` slim '' which does n't make me feel too great . ` Looks like it 's time to hit the treadmill ... ' Erica Tempesta -LRB- lost 38lbs/17kg -RRB- . Erica Tempesta is seen here before before -LRB- left -RRB- and after -LRB- right -RRB- digitally losing 38lbs/17kg . ` It was cool to see such a dramatic difference , but I feel as though the app just changed the shape of my face , which is n't necessarily how I would look nearly 40 lbs lighter . ` My face has always been oval , regardless of my size . The app just made my face look longer as if my cheeks were sucked in . ` I chose a somewhat unrealistic target weight , but it was the size I had been in high school , so based on past pictures , I already had an idea of what my face should have looked like with less weight . ` I personally did n't think the app gave a realistic rendering of weight loss . ' The app allows you to take or upload a photo . You then need to enter your current height and weight , and then also enter your target weight . It will then enable you to ` scroll ' through various weights on your way to your target , to see what you would look like . The app , which costs £ 1.61 -LRB- $ 2.40 -RRB- on Android and £ 1.49 -LRB- $ 1.99 -RRB- on iOS for the full version , has been developed by US company Visual Health Solutions Inc but with the assistance of major American hospitals . The makers say that it uses algorithms which show the effects of weight loss more effectively than other apps . Visualize You is effectively a reverse version of the popular app ` Fat Booth ' in which users were able to see what they looked like if they were overweight . Fat Booth was launched in 2010 and has been downloaded 35,000,000 times , earning its creators an estimated £ 16 million -LRB- $ 24 million -RRB- . Opticians and fashion retailers have made use of similar technology to let users virtually try on glasses on their websites . Dr Michael Roizen , Chairman of Wellness at the Cleveland Clinic , said : ` Visualize You is a major step forward in helping people approach weight loss in a more informed , educated and fun manner . ' Dr Holly Wyatt , Associate Professor in the Department of Medicine , Division of Endocrinology , Metabolism , and Diabetes at the University of Colorado Anschutz Health and Wellness Center added : ` The app offers individuals a clear-cut end goal for weight loss and provides -LSB- users -RSB- with an important tool to activate and achieve a successful programme . ' Visualize You was released earlier this month and there are free and paid versions of the app which are available for iPhone and Android .