Tattoo-loving soldiers in the U.S. Army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules , officials announced Wednesday . Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect . Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped , according to Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey . ` As long as it 's not visible in the Army uniform ... that 's the spirit of what we went after , ' Dailey told the Army Times . Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno announced policy change at the Association of the United States Army conference in Huntsville , Alabama . Inked : Tattoo-loving soldiers in the U.S. Army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules , officials announced Wednesday . An Army spokeswoman said they will go into effect in the ` very near future . ' The changes came as a result of feedback from soldiers . But it was n't so long ago that the Army made a much different announcement concerning its tattoo policy . Highly unpopular regulations that went into effect in March 2014 banned tattoos below the knee or elbow . Soldiers who already had the ink were grandfathered in . Under those regulations , any soldier with tattoos was barred from seeking a promotion to warrant officer or commissioning as an officer . Tattoos have long been a part of military culture , but as they have become more popular , and more prominently displayed on the body , the various branches have been regulating them in to try to maintain a professional look . ` Society is changing its view of tattoos and we have to change along with that , ' Odierno said . ` It makes sense . Soldiers have grown up in an era when tattoos are much more acceptable and we have to change along with that . ' New rules : Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect . Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped , according to Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey .