When defenders who have not scored for two years find the net , Watford might begin to think this can be the year they return to the Premier League . Matthew Connolly has only been at the club for a month but struck a goal that proved key at a stadium that has humbled all three of their nearest promotion rivals . Watford were made to sweat for the three points during a late surge by 10-man Nottingham Forest , but left having leapfrogged Middlesbrough into third , behind Norwich in second on goal difference . Watford forward Odion Ighalo celebrates having given the Hornets the lead after just four minutes . Defender Matthew Connolly celebrates after putting Watford 2-0 up against Nottingham Forest on Wednesday . Connolly gets the better of Nottingham Forest defender Jack Hobbs to double Forest 's advantage . Gary Gardner scores for Nottingham Forest to half the deficit against Watford with twenty minutes to play . Almen Abdi celebrates scoring Watford 's third goal and making certain of the points in the closing stages . Nottingham Forest -LRB- 4-1-4-1 -RRB- : Darlow 6.5 , Kane 6.5 , Wilson 4 , Hobbs 5.5 , Lichaj 6 , Mancienne 6 ; Burke 6.5 , Osborn 6.5 -LRB- Lansbury 85 -RRB- , Gardner 7 , Antonio 7 -LRB- Barrow 90 -RRB- , Akpom 6 -LRB- Walker 57 , 5 -RRB- . Subs not used : Fox , Blackstock , Vaughan , Evtimov . Scorer : Gardner , 72 . Sent off : Wilson . Dougie Freedman 6.5 . Watford -LRB- 3-5-2 -RRB- : Gomes 7.5 ; Cathcart 6.5 , Angella 6 , Connolly 8 -LRB- Hoban 62 -RRB- ; Motta 6.5 -LRB- Paredes 71 -RRB- , Guedioura 6.5 , Watson 6 , Abdi 7 , Anya 6.5 -LRB- Tozser 73 , 5 -RRB- ; Deeney 6.5 , Ighalo 7 . Subs not used : Manuri , Layun , Vydra , Bond . Scorers : Ighalo 4 , Connolly 41 , Abdi 87 . Booked : Abdi , Deeney , Motta . Slavisa Jokanovic 7.5 . Man of the Match : Connolly . Referee : Paul Tierney 6.5 . Attendance : 20,723 . An automatic return to the top-flight for the first time since 2007 remains on . Watford entered this match knowing only a victory would do in their pursuit of automatic promotion . Bournemouth , Norwich and Middlesbrough all won on Tuesday night to maintain the pace at the head of this increasingly intriguing race for Premier League gold . Aware of the circumstances , Heurelho Gomes was alert from the off . Just 56 seconds were on the clock when the Brazilian goalkeeper stopped a certain goal . Chris Burke , found by Michail Antonio , drove a shot from close range but Gomes saved with his legs . Three minutes later , the visitors went ahead . Craig Cathcart flicked on Almen Adbi 's corner allowing Odion Ighalo to nod in at the far post . It was the Nigerian 's 20th Championship goal in a stellar debut season . The noise from the packed away section of 1,942 gave an impression of its significance . But this was never going to be one-way traffic . Forest have beaten Bournemouth and Boro here under Dougie Freedman , as well as Norwich when Stuart Pearce was in charge , and threatened repeatedly . In the 15th minute Antonio drew a fine save from Gomes with a strike from range , then Ben Osborn hit one that required all of the Watford No 1 's 6ft 3in frame to palm wide . By the end of the first half Gomes had made seven saves of varying quality . His most eye-catching stop came in the 39th minute when left-back Eric Lichaj caught a falling ball ever so sweetly on the volley . Nottingham Forest defender Kelvin Wilson -LRB- second right -RRB- is shown the red card by referee Paul Tierney . Watford midfielder Adiene Guedioua slides in to dispossess Nottingham Forest wideman Michail Antonio . Golascorer Connolly gets rid of any danger with an acrobatic clearance for the away side during the first half . Watford 's remaining fixtures : Birmingham -LRB- H -RRB- , Brighton -LRB- A -RRB- , Sheffield Wednesday -LRB- H -RRB- . Watford 's attacking threat is pronounced , of course . Troy Deeney , who had 20 Championship goals before kick-off , partnered Ighalo up front . Slavisa Jokanovic was able to leave Matej Vydra on the bench . The Watford manager would have preferred any of that trio to have the chance that came Abdi 's way in the 23rd minute . Ighalo threaded a pass to set the Swiss international clean through but he almost had too much time to deliberate and only succeeded in poking his finish wide . The crowd let out a groan of disbelief . Abdi did better with a curling free-kick in the 34th minute but Karl Darlow was equal to it . The Forest goalkeeper did not do as well seven minutes later however , when Watford doubled their lead . Connolly strode forward from central defence and played in Ighalo , who was able to fire a shot to sting the palms of Darlow . As the ball fell loose Jack Hobbs ' presence seemed to make Darlow hesitate and Connolly snuck in to prod home his first goal since March 2013 . Forest wideman Antonio evades the challenge of Watford defender Craig Cathcart and races forward . Antonio and Marco Motta challenge for a loose ball during Wednesday night 's Championship clash . After the break , each side had a clear chance before Kelvin Wilson was sent off . In the 47th minute Darlow dived to claw round the post Ikechi Anya 's shot from Marco Motta 's cross . Three minutes later Burke should have done better than slice high and wide when found in the area by Antonio 's smart pull back from the byline . Wilson was sent for an early bath that he can stay in till next season by referee Paul Tierney on the hour mark . The Forest centre-back became embroiled in a row with Ighalo and appeared to kick out , sending the Watford striker to the floor . The three-match ban for violent conduct will end Wilson 's campaign . Ighalo manages to stay on his feet under the challenge of Nottingham Forest centre back Hobbs . Watford goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes rolls the ball out at the City Ground . Despite the deficit , Forest struck back 18 minute from time when Gary Gardner bent an expert free-kick from 25 yards in off the bar . Forest rallied further . Antonio was guilty of an astonishing miss five minutes from time , skewing wide from six yards after Gomes had saved from Gardner to leave the net unguarded . Two minutes later Watford made the win safe . Adlene Guedioura 's 30-yard screamer was punched out by Darlow but collected by Abdi , who rifled in to the bottom corner from the edge of the box .