Bringing the high street to Sydney 's Shire , Topshop and Topman is set to launch a second store in NSW at Westfield Miranda on Thursday 16th April . In a nod to it 's English heritage , the brand will pull out all stops , chauffeuring fashion influencers in London black cabs in the lead up to the event and host four full days of shopper specials including guest appearances , opening offers , complimentary stylists and giveaways . To officially kick off the event , an exclusive breakfast will be hosted by Australian beauty and Australia 's Next Top Model judge Cheyenne Tozzi . Scroll down for video . Top spot : Iconic UK brand Topshop and Topman is set to open second Sydney store in Westfield Miranda . Cue the crowds : The flagship Sydney store had thousands camp out in the lead up to its opening in 2012 . And for the lucky fashionistas who attend the event , they will be able to mingle in the in the personal styling suite among Home and Away 's popular ` River Boy ' Nic Westaway . The store which is said to be 100 square metre , will be a welcome international addition to the Westfield Miranda shopping centre which currently only stocks leading local labels . The UK brand also promises to deliver over 180 new styles straight from London each week , giving Australian 's the opportunity to keep up to date with catwalk trends from overseas , seasons before they would be due to land here . Celebrity charm : British label has asked Cheyenne Tozzi and Nic Westaway to host in the launch celebrations . An exclusive limited edition ` Boutique ' line will also debut featuring designer collaborations as loved by celebrities such as Cara Delevingne , Beyonce , Kate Moss and Kendall Jenner . The opening of Westfield Miranda is the first of several Topshop and Topman stores to roll out over the next twelve months according to the leading UK brand . This launch marks the seventh Topshop store to open in Australia and closely follows the opening of New Zealand store last month . Fashion flagship : Topshop 's flagship store is in Sydney 's CBD on the corner of George and Market Street . Black is back : London black cabs will escort fashion bloggers to the launch of the Westfield Miranda store . The roll out also leads the way for other leading international brands who are set to launch their first Sydney CBD stores including h & m and Forever 21 who will open in Sydney 's Pitt Street Mall later this year . Sydney 's current flagship store , which opened in 2012 , held a launch party that reportedly cost over $ 250,000 and was estimated to have over 30,000 people flock through the doors in the first day . If that 's anything to go by , it 's safe to say the grand opening of the new Westfield Miranda store will be a hit .