France legend Serge Betsen tells Sportsmail where he thinks Clermont 's clash with Saracens at Stade Geoffrey-Guichard will be won ... HEAD TO HEADS . Wesley Fofana v Brad Barritt . If there is one genius in French rugby at the moment , it 's Wesley Fofana . The kid is so talented and skilful that something happens every time he gets the ball so Saracens will need to focus on him . He is up against Brad Barritt , who is not as easy on the eye but is a very solid unit for Saracens -- hence why they have made him captain . He reminds me of former British Lions flanker Richard Hill -- someone you do n't really notice but is so important for the team . Clermont centre Wesley Fofana was in scintillating form during his side 's recent destruction of Northampton . Brad Barritt is back to anchor the Saracens midfield against the Top 14 giants . Julien Bonnaire vs Billy Vunipola . Julien Bonnaire may be a flanker and Billy Vunipola a No 8 , but when you play flanker , you 're the first man who is going to tackle the No 8 . Saracens will be looking to launch Vunipola as chief ball-carrier from the back of the scrum and Bonnaire will be there to stop him . Fritz Lee performs a similar running role for Clermont , but Vunipola is key to Saracens ' game plan . No 8 Billy Vunipola is a Saracens ' most devastating ball carrier and his power will be needed on Saturday . Brock James v Charlie Hodgson . How will Brock James handle the occasion ? His skills and game management are second-to-none , but he has been known to succumb to the pressure on the big stage . Saracens will try to get in his face early to disrupt the rhythm . Charlie Hodgson has been around for a long time now and is enjoying some good form . KEY AREAS . Rush defence . A red and black wall of defenders stopped Clermont from scoring a try in last year 's semi-final , which Saracens won so ruthlessly . Their defensive line was up so quickly and Clermont were taken by surprise . When you play against that sort of rush defence , you need to stand deeper in attack and maybe exploit it by kicking over the top . But Clermont are most effective with the ball in hand , especially with their back-three combination of Noa Nakaitaci , Naipolioni Nalaga and Englishman Nick Abendanon . Former Bath full back Nick Abendanon is just one of several dangerous backs at Clermont 's disposal . Breakdown battle . In France , training is geared more towards flair and creativity so less time is spent working on the breakdown . During my time with Wasps , we spent hours focusing on the post-tackle area . Clermont will fear Jacques Burger after his performance on the flank last year and they must work hard to nullify him around the edges of the breakdown . The key for the French is to keep their discipline and not concede penalties . Clermont will be wary of Saracens flanker Jacques Burger following his tour-de-force in Twickenham last year . Silence the crowd . Although this game is being played at a ` neutral ' venue , it will still feel like a home game for Clermont . The Top 14 side have the best supporters in French rugby and it 's only a 90-mile journey to the Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in St Etienne for their fans , who follow their side everywhere . Saracens must be wary of the reception they 'll get but they can keep the fans quiet by building an early lead . When Clermont are behind , their heads can drop . But my gut tells me they will come away with the win today . Clermont warm up in front of their fans at Stade Marcel Michelin before their Top 14 game against Oyonnax .