A deskbound worker has used a GoPro camera to capture a unique view of his boring office job , turning even the most mundane day-to-day tasks into a high octane activities . Daniel Williams , from Toronto , filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom , before editing all of the clips together to offer an action-packed perspective of his regular daily life . The video , which is titled ` Boring Office Job GoPro Commercial ' , has clearly struck a chord with people working in similar jobs around the globe , with the video already attracting an impressive three million views since being uploaded to YouTube last week . Office space : Daniel Williams , an office worker from Toronto , captured his entire day with a GoPro camera . Bright idea : Mr Williams came up with the idea after seeing other breathtaking GoPro videos online . The 90-second video makes a change from the usual , dramatic content normally caught by such cameras which , thanks to their durability , are often used to film some of the most breathtaking moments in life from base jumps to shark encounters . This time , however , viewers are treated to Mr WIlliams removing staples , photocopying , stuffing envelopes , drinking coffee , and even going to the bathroom . All set to a techno beat , the pacey clip turns a regular 9-to-5 office job into something far more exhilarating . Button pusher : In the 90-second video , Mr Williams filmed himself stapling , photocopying -LRB- pictured -RRB- and stuffing envelopes . Downtime : There are also shots of Mr Williams drinking coffee and going to the toilet - all set to a techno beat soundtrack . Stuffed : ` I wore my GoPro to work one day and decided to edit the footage to the style of a GoPro Commercial , ' Mr Williams wrote . Alongside the video , the Toronto filmmaker wrote in the description : ` I wore my GoPro to work one day and decided to edit the footage to the style of a GoPro commercial . ' He said that he decided to take on office temp work in order to pay the bills between documentary projects . And it was whilst he was working for a real estate company for six months that he came up with the idea for the unique video . ` The job was a lot of very mundane repetitive tasks . For a creative guy like me it kind of killed me , ' Mr Williams told the New York Daily News . . Doodling : In between films and documentaries Mr Williams takes on temporary office jobs . It was during one such clerical job that he came up with the idea . Ready for launch ! Mr Williams says he thought it would be a funny idea to record everything he does during the day including playing with his pen . ` -LSB- People always use GoPro cameras to film -RSB- these action videos , but the reality is the people who buy these cameras have everyday jobs , ' he added . The video has thus far earned a huge amount of praise from viewers on YouTube , many of whom have been quick to comment about how well Mr Williams has managed to capture the mundane repetition involved in a typical office job . ` So good . So accurate , ' said YouTube user Ryan Bobbe . ` Sometimes I wish I had a job like this instead of dealing with a mass amount of idiotic people a day ' wrote another .