The tranquility of a high-priced inner-Sydney suburb has been shattered as a transport war has broken out between locals and commuters . A fed up resident of Cammeray , a wealthy North Shore suburb , stuck a note to the windscreen of car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders . ` Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics , ' it read . This controversial note was left on the windscreen of a car by a fed-up resident of Cammeray . ` If you ca n't afford to park in the CBD do n't come here !! Cammeray is not a Parking Lot for Losers . Get out of your cars stop clogging up the roads and annoying local residents . ` Go back to your insular peninsular ... after all what do you do once you get here ? Head straight for the BUS STOP . ' Dijana Wolffram , a local who is friends with the woman who found the note , said the letter created a few laughs among other residents when she posted it to a community Facebook page . One reply read : ` We laughed . But we were horrified that such a nimby -LRB- Not In My Backyard -RRB- culture existed in Cammeray . After all they are really lucky to be in such a transport hub , that has such a wonderful bus service . Share the love ! Jason will park there again next Wednesday , so watch this space . ' The North Shore suburb was split on the parking issue , with other locals ` horrified ' by the letter . A local woman , who only wanted to be known as Lauren , did not agree with the tone of the note , but said it was a real issue . ` Not a fan of the way they wrote it , but we have this problem in our street , ' she said in a Facebook post . ` Every Tom dick and harry park there cars in our street all day and then walk to Roseville station . It 's really annoying ... They park up your a *** , sometimes taking up 2 spots . It 's really difficult for those that live in the street to park ! ' However , Marina Daillecourt did not agree with the letter . ` No one has anymore right to park on the road than any one else , ' Ms Daillecourt said on Facebook . ` You do n't own the off street parking on your street . Shows the writers ignorance as well as a complete lack of class . '