As family infighting continues , Bobby Brown has visited his stricken daughter Bobbi Kristina in hospital . On Monday , as the 22-year-old 's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed , the 46-year-old signer spent time at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur , Georgia , where his daughter is being cared for . The daughter of Whitney Houston was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 - so she could be provided with long term care . Scroll down for video . Continued dedication : As family infighting continues , Bobby Brown visited his stricken daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur , Georgia , on Monday . While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake , her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified to People on Monday that her granddaughter ` is no longer in a medically induced coma ' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover . Despite this , Bobby looked in good spirits as he visited his daughter flanked by friends and family members . The New edition frontman took time out with one of the medical staff , who spent some time talking to him outside of the hospital . ` She 's watching me ' : Bobby Brown shocked fans on Saturday by revealing that ` Bobbi is awake , ' during a Dallas concert on Saturday . Fight for her life : Bobbi Kristina was found unconscious on January 31 -LRB- pictured in October 2012 -RRB- . The hospital staff member , appeared to be doing most of the talking as Bobbi listened . After their chat , the musician gave the woman a big hug before sparking up a cigarette and pacing outside of the hospital . Bobby , shocked fans on Saturday by revealing that ` Bobbi is awake , ' during a Dallas concert on Saturday . And on Monday , the former New Edition hitmaker released an official statement about his child writing : ` Bobbi Kristina 's condition has changed and there has been improvement . ' Looking for answers : The New edition frontman -LRB- front right -RRB- took time out with one of the medical staff , who spent some time talking to him outside of the hospital . Trying to understand : The hospital staff member , appeared to be doing most of the talking as Bobbi listened . Status not confirmed : It is understood Bobbi underwent a tracheotomy -LRB- which the staff member appeared to be discussing -RRB- and while she can breath on her own , doctors have kept the trach tube in . While Bobby remains adamant his daughter is awake , his ex-wife 's 81-year-old mother has insisted her one time son-in-law is being far too optimistic , saying that even though Bobbi is no longer in a coma , she is irreversibly brain damaged and said that only a miracle could save her . In a new statement , Cissy said : ` I have just returned from visiting my granddaughter Bobbi Kristina in the hospital and while she is no longer in a medically induced coma , she has a tracheotomy and according to the doctors she has global and irreversible brain damage and remains unresponsive . Being well cared for : After their chat , the musician gave the woman a big hug . Still stressed : The singer sparked up a cigarette and pacing outside of the hospital after his chat with the hospital staffer . ` Meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me . ` We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time . Keep us in your prayers . ' A family source told TMZ : ` They have no idea where Bobby Brown is getting his information that Bobbi Kristina is awake , not do they know why Tina said she 's awake and no longer on life support . ' The other side : Bobbi 's grandmother Cissy Houston -LRB- pictured in June 2012 -RRB- said that her granddaughter is not awake but is ` is no longer in a medically induced coma but has global and irreversible brain damage and remains unresponsive ' Sad update : ` Meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me ' -LRB- pictured in April 2013 -RRB- . Bobby 's lawyer Christopher Brown said in a statement : ` Bobbi Kristina 's condition has changed since moving from Emory University Hospital and there has been improvement . Doctors have indicated that she will have a long life . ` However , Bobbi Kristina is presently embarking on a rehabilitation process and the quality of her life will not be known for years to come . We thank everyone that supports Bobbi Kristina and God is hearing our prayers . ' On Monday , Bobby 's second wife Alicia Etheredge-Brown - who is currently pregnant with the couple 's second child - also released a statement about Bobbi Kristina . By her side : The 46-year-old singer and his second wife Alicia Etheredge-Brown released official statements about Bobbi Kristina on Monday -LRB- pictured together leaving Emory University hospital on February 6 -RRB- . ` My husband made an attempt to correct the negative comments he must endure on a daily basis from both family and the public regarding his daughter 's medical condition . He is encouraged by the steps that Bobbi Kristina has made since her hospitalization on January 31 , 2015 . ` She has made it out of ICU , opened her eyes , and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard . We will hold on to all the blessings GOD gives us to help her at this time and we look forward to her having a relationship with her unborn sister as our family grows in love and faith . ' Adding : ` I just wish my husband could deal with this most painful and difficult time with people surrounding him who fully support and pray for Bobbi Kristina 's recovery and only her recovery . Life is the most precious thing that we all have . ' ` My husband made an attempt to correct the negative comments ' : Alicia - who is currently pregnant with the couple 's second child - tried to clarify Bobby 's statements -LRB- pictured April 16 -RRB- . Brown family : Bobbi Kristina 's aunt Tina Brown took to her Facebook page echoing a similar statement of Bobby 's on Saturday , that has since been taken down . Bobbi Kristina 's aunt Tina Brown took to her Facebook page echoing a similar statement of Bobby 's on Saturday , that has since been taken down . ` So many messages , sorry ca n't answer them all right now but I will get to them later . . just allow me this time with my family , , yes , she woke up and is no longer on life support !!!!! : -RRB- : -RRB- God is good !! thanks for your prayers , , still a process , but she is going to be ok -LRB- sic -RRB- . ' In March , the only daughter of Whitney and Bobby was moved from Emory University hospital - where she stayed for two months - to a rehabilitation facility in Atlanta . Her legacy : Bobbi Kristina is the only child of the late icon who was found face down and unresponsive in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on February 11 , 2012 -LRB- pictured just days before her death -RRB- . In late February , her doctors attempted to take out of her medically induced coma but she began having violent seizures and was placed back on life support . Bobbi Kristina 's mother Whitney was found face down and unresponsive in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on February 11 , 2012 . Autopsy concluded that the 48-year-old icon had accidentally drowned and listed heart disease and cocaine as contributors to her death .