The wife of a man jailed for killing his own brother has vowed to stand by her man . Mark Lowe , 32 , from Skelmersdale , Lancashire , is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death , after Wayne , then 33 , attacked him in his bed with a knife . Mark 's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said : ' -LSB- Mark -RSB- will regret what he did for the rest of his life , because he loved his brother . ' Mark Lowe , 32 -LRB- left -RRB- , is currently serving a five year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne -LRB- right -RRB- to death , but his wife Sarah -LRB- bottom -RRB- is standing by her man . Mark appeared before Liverpool Crown Court Court earlier this year . The court heard that Mark had killed his brother after Wayne tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day of fighting at his mum 's house on September 7 last year . Mark then kicked Wayne , 33 , to death and was charged with his murder . But prosecutors accepted a manslaughter plea ` on the basis of a loss of control ' as he was first attacked by a knife-wielding Wayne . Mark pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was last month jailed for five years . Sarah said : ` What Mark did was wrong . Wayne 's death has shattered our whole family . Mark 's wife -LRB- left -RRB- is now looking after three young children alone , including Jaiden , one , -LRB- center -RRB- and said , ` Mark -LRB- right -RRB- will regret what he did for the rest of his life , because he loved his brother ' Mark killed his brother Wayne -LRB- pictured -RRB- after he tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day of fighting at his mum 's house on September 7 last year . Mark and Wayne , pictured as children , were said to be close , but Wayne had a dangerous temper and it was usually Mark who would ` calm him down ' and act as peacemaker . ` Of the two brothers , Mark was always the peacemaker , stepping in to calm Wayne down . I always feared that Wayne would be the one to hurt him - not the other way round . ` It was said in court that Wayne had even attacked his own mother . He was well-known to the police and he had attacked officers too . ` But on that occasion , for the first time , Mark fought back , and he snapped . But I have to stand by him . Mark is a nurse and a good man and a loving father . ' Mark and Sarah , both mental health nurses , met in 2004 , working in a nursing home . Sarah said : ` We were both seeing other people but there was a spark between us that we could n't ignore . ` Mark was a big football fan , a real man 's man , but he had a heart of gold and was very compassionate . ` My dad was ill with cancer , and Mark and I both looked after him until he died . ` My mum had died a couple of years earlier and so I had hardly any family left . Instead , I became a part of Mark 's family . Sarah describes her husband -LRB- pictured -RRB- as being a loving father to their three children , Jessica , now seven -LRB- right -RRB- , Jocelyn , now three -LRB- centre -RRB- and one-year-old Jaiden -LRB- left -RRB- . Mark and Sarah , pictured with two of their children , are both mental health nurses who met in 2004 while working in a nursing home . ` I got on well with his brother , Wayne , and his mum , Jillian and step-dad , Kenny . Mark and Wayne were very close but completely different . ` Mark was caring and compassionate and very academic . He trained as a nurse . He was also a keen runner and played the cornet in an orchestra . ` Wayne was a hot-head , in and out of work as a painter and decorator and often in fights . They had a lot of run-ins and Mark was frightened of him sometimes . ' Sarah and Mark were married in October 2006 and went on to have three children , Jessica , now seven , Jocelyn , now three and one-year-old Jaiden . As they settled down to family life , Sarah often witnessed Wayne 's erratic and aggressive behaviour . Sarah said : ` Wayne was a troubled soul ; he got into trouble , often fighting when he was drinking too much . ` There were occasions when he was violent to their mum , Jill , and Mark had to go round to calm him down . ` Mark was the peacemaker whenever Wayne flew into a temper . Mark had mental health training , which helped , but they also had a bond as brothers . ' Wayne -LRB- left -RRB- was described by the prosecution as ` a violent woman-beater well-known to the police ' and once attacked his mum -LRB- right -RRB- , leaving her with broken ribs . Sarah and Mark were married in October 2006 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , and as they settled down to family life , Sarah often witnessed Wayne 's erratic and aggressive behaviour . Wayne received professional help for his behaviour but his problems continued . Sarah said : ` When he was n't drinking , he was a very charming , charismatic man , and we got on well . But I was wary of his temper . ` Mark was too soft and would always give him a second chance , which caused rows between us . But I thought Wayne was dangerous . ' In September 2014 , Sarah and Mark rowed and he went to stay overnight with his mum . Sarah said : ` I spoke to Mark in the evening , and we had both calmed down by then . He said be would home very early in the morning to take Jessica to school for her first day in the juniors . ' But at midnight , Sarah was awoken by police at her door to tell her that Wayne was dead . Hours later , Mark called her to say he had been arrested for murdering his brother . Sarah said : ` That whole night was like a dream . It did n't seem real . Mark was very shaken when he called me , but he was adamant , from the start , that he did n't mean to hurt him and I knew that was true . ` I was devastated . I had always feared that Wayne might hurt Mark - not the other way round . I supported Mark completely . ' Mark -LRB- left -RRB- had no previous convictions and said he and his family were bullied by his brother all his life . Pictured -LRB- right -RRB- Sarah with Jaiden . At the trial , the judge said Mark -LRB- pictured -RRB- was remorseful and ` genuinely devastated ' by the death of his brother and what he had done to his family . At first , Sarah was supported by Mark 's mum , but after he was charged with murder , they became distant . She said : ` I felt as though they were blaming me . And it went round and round my head , that if I had n't rowed with Mark , he would n't have gone to his mum 's and Wayne would still be alive . ` Our lives were in turmoil . Our three children missed their dad so much . ` Mark had never been in trouble before in his life , so to be sent away on remand was horrific for him . He was terrified . ' John McDermott , prosecuting , said : ` The killing of Wayne Lowe was the final act in a day of arguments and fighting between the brothers , who when sober seemed to get on together , but when in drink were both prone to bad behaviour , according to their mother . ' Mr McDermott said Wayne was a violent woman-beater ` well-known to the police ' and once attacked his mum , leaving her with broken ribs . He had also head-butted a police officer and was described by his mother as ` a man who would fight to the end ' . Mark had no previous convictions and said he and his family were bullied by his brother all his life . He said he suffered traumatic amnesia and did not remember the final moments , but had gone to sleep only to wake with a ` completely mad ' Wayne lashing at him with a knife . Sarah , who is raising thier children alone , said , ` I had always feared that Wayne might hurt Mark - not the other way round . I supported Mark completely ' Arthur Gibson , defending , said it was a tragedy sparked by Wayne , ` a Jekyll and Hyde character ' who when drunk ` would pick an argument and fight even his friends ' . Mr Gibson said the injuries Wayne suffered in the first fight were ` lawfully inflicted ' and Mark had tried to avoid more violence . He said Mark had defended himself in the second fight , but when his brother presented no further threat , ` lost control ' . Mr Gibson said : ` He accepts he must have struck and kicked his brother a considerable number of times , when his brother was unable to defend himself . ' But he added : ` The trigger here is a man asleep in bed , being attacked by another man with a knife . ` It is difficult to see how there could be a greater degree of provocation . ' Mr Justice King said Mark unleashed a ` frenzied ' attack on his brother and said it was not true that he had acted only in self-defence and bore no responsibility . Jailing him for four years and eight months , the judge said Mark was remorseful and ` genuinely devastated ' by the death of his brother and what he had done to his family . Sarah has now started a support group for Mark , which has 150 members .