The days of the weather man could be numbered . Researchers from London and Edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . Useing a process known as ` natural language generation ' -LRB- NLG -RRB- , it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our TV screens . The days of weather presenters -LRB- stock image -RRB- could be numbered . Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . It uses a process known as ` natural language generation ' -LRB- NLG -RRB- . These computer-generated weather updates are being being tested by scientists at Heriot-Watt University and University College London . Using Met Office data , the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating detailed reports . If the project is successful , a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC 's website . Currently , the BBC website features 10 reports written by meteorologists . Each of these forecasts cover a large area of the country , such as London and South East England , but there are more than 20,000 individual locations that need tailored reports . Using Met Office data , the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating weather reports . If the project is successful a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the MailOnline 's website -LRB- shown -RRB- , which currently features just 10 reports for large areas of the country . NLG is the process of producing readable texts in English , or other languages , automatically on a computer . Typically , the program starts with statistics and figures , or any information that is n't written in language . This includes tables of numerical data or a collection of entries in a database . NLG is the process of producing readable texts in English , or other languages , automatically on a computer . Typically , the program starts with statistics and figures , or any information that is n't written in language . These includes tables of numerical data or a collection of entries in a database . Alternatively , NLG will rephrase a block of texts to make it easier to read and understand . It is often referred to as a translator that converts computer speak into natural language , which is tricky for computers due to variances in tone and grammar . Alternatively , NLG will rephrase a block of text to make it easier to read and understand . It is often referred to as a translator that converts computer speak into natural language , which is tricky for computers due to variances in tone and grammar . The project is called Domain-Independent Language Generation -LRB- DILiGENt -RRB- and is being run by Dr Verena Rieser from Heriot-Watt University 's School of Mathematical and Computer Science , with Dr Andreas Vlachos and Dr Sebastian Riedel from the Computer Science department at University College London . ` Machine learning for Natural Language Processing -LRB- NLP -RRB- is what DILiGENt is all about , ' said Dr Rieser . ` Large companies such as Microsoft , Amazon and Yahoo are making substantial new investments in this field and there are start-up opportunities emerging . ` The UK is a world leader in this kind of research but we are under-represented in using machine learning approaches for NLG . This project will help to strengthen this research strand . ' These developments could also help overcome problems with Apple 's Siri or Google Voice which often offer repetitive responses to questions or directions .