Move over Grumpy Cat - the latest sourpuss to become an internet sensation is scowling feline Pompous Albert . The grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown , from Salt Lake City , has already racked up a remarkable 44.1 K followers on Instagram . Albert , who 's a Selkirk Rex cat , was also named after his famous lookalike - Albert Einstein , thanks to his wild locks , which are a trademark of his breed . Scroll down for video . Albert is from Salt Lake City and is a constant source of entertainment to his 44.1 k Instagram followers . Albert is named after famous physician Albert Einstein , due to sharing the same white-grey curly hair . The Instagram account shows images of Albert in a various situations , frowning and glaring at the camera - his feline brow furrowed disapprovingly . The hit social media account is run by his owners Mike and Susan Singleton in Salt Lake City , USA , who 've penned his bio , which reads : ` Rejected show cat , but I 'll show them . ' Each picture of the fluffy cat is accompanied by a sarcastic caption , giving the animal a sinister and funny internal dialogue . One snap , in which he stares fiercely into the camera reads : ` I 'm not grumpy or angry , I 'm just smarter and better looking than you . ' Another is captioned : ` Albert 's Office Tip : This is the look you give a boss who wants you to work over the weekend . ' Albert is the latest frowning feline to become a social media hit after a cat with a kind of dwarfism which gives her a permanently moody expression found global fame as Grumpy Cat . Albert is a breed of Selkirk Rex , known for their wild , curly hair - but not usually for their angered appareances . No matter what angle Albert is pictured from , his moody disposition stays the same . Albert 's owners , Mike and Susan Singleton , show a dramatic contrast in mood , compared to their very own ` grumpy cat ' One image shows Albert caught rummaging through the rubbish , at which he stares at the camera in defiance . Another shows Albert with his paw ominously on the tail of his toy cat - glaring straight down the camera . Albert 's moody disposition allied with his fluffy poodle-like coat has made him a mini-celebrity in his own right . One Instagram user commented : ` Pure unbridled hate pours out of this cat 's eyes . ' Another agreed , stating : ` He looks like a real life Disney Villain . ' Others joke about his ` b **** resting face ' and one wrote , ` I love his scowl ! ' Caught rummaging through the bin , Albert still stares defiantly at his owner . Whether pictured with other cats , or sat idly , Albert maintains his grumpy and disapproving look . Albert is pictured with a sinister paw on the tail of a toy mouse , with the same angered look on his face .