The producers of the TV show Made In Chelsea pride themselves on featuring some of the poshest young ladies and gentleman in London . But even by their standards , Mark-Francis Vandelli is well-to-do - the privately educated son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model would n't have to work a day in his life if he chose not to . But if you were n't already envious of the reality star , he has now opened up his watch collection to the Evening Standard , showing off some of the 16 eye-wateringly expensive timepieces that he has been collecting since his teens . Scroll down for video . Made In Chelsea star Mark-Francis Vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches . The 26 year old has got into the habit of buying a new watch each year , so that he will have an impressive collection by the time he reaches middle age . Many watch enthusiasts would argue that Mark-Francis has already reached that goal - he currently owns a number of pieces that are worth several thousand pounds . In a new interview with the newspaper , he revealed his favourite items and the history behind them . The include a Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42 , a Cartier Tortue Collection Privée and a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetua . Mark-Francis 's most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase , which he bought from a shop on Sloane Street in Chelsea earlier this year . Mark-Francis 's most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase -LRB- left -RRB- , while one of his flashiest is a Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42 -LRB- right -RRB- . It cost £ 32,000 and caught his eye because it has a sun or a moon than move on rotation depending on the hour of the day . One of the flashiest watches in his collection is the Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42 , which he purchased on holiday in Italy and can be bought secondhand on the internet for £ 6,5000 . He said of the item : ` When I was 16 my grandmother gave me the first prototype of the Bulgari Bulgari , which the Bulgari family had given her in the 1950s - I think it 's one of the only ones that was actually hand engraved around the bezel . ' Mark-Francis ended up buying this modern version after he fell into a river wearing his grandmother 's version while out rowing at school . Mark Francis favours a Cartier Tortue Collection Privée timepiece because it is no longer made -LRB- left -RRB- , while he wears a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetual when out raving in East London -LRB- right -RRB- . While many of his watches are hard to come by , Mark Francis favours a Cartier Tortue Collection Privée timepiece in particular because it is no longer made , meaning he would be unlikely to be caught out wearing it at the same time as another man . Similar versions can be bought on the internet for around £ 9,000 . He told the newspaper : ` Cartier does n't make this one any more , which I love . I did see someone else wearing it once , however - I was at the Wolseley and it was this fat American , I was mortified . ' And finally , for the man who has a watch for every occasion - the timepiece that he wears when visiting East London ... a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetual . Similar watches can be bought on the internet for £ 8,000 . He said : ` You can swim in it , sleep in it , throw it around , go to a rave . This is my hardwearing , `` I 'm going to Shoreditch '' watch . '