A mother whose boyfriend is accused of repeatedly raping her 10-year-old daughter abandoned the girl at her grandparents ' home before moving back in with the man , it has emerged . The child , Corinne Gump , and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire in the early hours of Monday , just hours before Robert Seman , Jr. , 46 , was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years . After the three bodies were found in the home in Youngstown , Ohio , police went to Seman 's home and found Corinne 's mother , Lynn Schmidt , WKBN reported . She was taken to the police station to be interviewed but she has not been arrested . Loss : Corinne Gump , 10 , and her grandparents were killed in a house fire on Monday - the day her mother 's boyfriend was set to go on trial for raping her . Her mother is pictured heading to the police station , right . Left behind : Her mother , Lynn Schmidt , reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend 's home , even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her daughter . It has emerged that , following the rape allegations against Seman , Schmidt and her daughter moved in with her parents , Judy and Bill Schmidt , but she eventually headed back to her boyfriend 's home . Seman was under electronically-monitored house arrest at the time of the deadly fire but he was taken back into custody on Monday , accused of trying to bribe a witness in the rape case . Investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate and his trial has been postponed . Corinne Gump and her grandparents , 61-year-old Judy and 63-year-old Bill , who were both deaf , lost their lives in the early-morning blaze after neighbors reported hearing loud explosions . ` It was fully involved , ' Fire Chief John O'Neill told The Youngstown Vindicator . ` We had quite a bit of fire in the basement , so that 's the likely origin . They had fire all through the house , top to bottom . The floors were giving way almost immediately upon entry . ' Accused : Robert Seman , Jr. , 46 , was back in custody on Monday -LRB- pictured -RRB- after it emerged he allegedly tried to bribe a witness in the case . He was under house arrest and electronic monitoring at the time of the fire . Taken away : Seman , who allegedly raped the young girl over several years , remains in custody . The three bodies were found on the second floor ; all were out of their beds and the way their bodies were positioned looked as if they were trying to get out , Fire Chief John O'Neill told The Vindicator . It is not yet clear if they had smoke detectors in the home . Smoke detectors for the hearing-impaired can send vibrations , sound or light to alert residents . Steve Leland , director of Easter Seals Youngstown Hearing and Speech Center Community Center , told the Vindicator that the local deaf community is mourning the loss of the couple . ` Bill and Judy were always willing to talk to parents who 'd just found out they had a deaf child , ' he said . ` They would often discuss options for raising a deaf child , talking about their own personal life experiences , being deaf themselves , and raising deaf children . ' The couple had three children , two of whom are deaf . William Schmidt was a retired at & t lineman , while his wife taught deaf people sign language , the publication reported . ` They were very outgoing , very sweet people , always ready to help , ' Leland added . Battle : Firefighters pulled the three bodies from the second floor of the home on Monday morning . Destruction : Fire officers said the blaze quickly ripped through the home from bottom to top . But they said there was no evidence that the cause of the fire was suspicious . Questions : Fire Captain Kurt Wright and a State Fire Marshall look into the back of the house on Monday as an investigation continues into the cause of the fire . Neighbors reported hearing explosions . Corinne was a 4th grade student at South Range School , where officials have assembled a crisis team to counsel students and staff affected by the tragedy . Seman , himself a father of a two-year-old , had been accused of abusing Corinne from when she was just four years old until she was eight , WFMJ reported , citing an indictment from a year ago . His trial has been delayed in light of the deaths but no new date has yet been set . Prosecutors are hoping to convince the judge to allow statements the girl made to a social worker and a nurse before her death . He has been charged with four counts of rape and four counts of gross sexual imposition and could face life in prison if convicted . See below for video .