A veteran has described the hurt he felt after being disrespected by a mob of University of Florida fraternity members during a charity weekend that honors wounded heroes in Panama Beach City . The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm , and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them , shouting verbal abuse and even urinating on the American flag . The deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the Warrior Beach Retreat on April 17 . ` They actually spat on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts , ' wounded veteran Nicholas Connole , who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq , told WJHG . ` I come and I feel honored and I feel safe and that I belong , but now I feel like I 'm defending myself . ' Scroll down for video . ` Hurt ' : Nicholas Connole , a wounded veteran who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq , said both he and his dog were spat on by university students in Panama Beach City for a spring formal . Disrespected : The soldier , seen here with his wife , said he felt like he had to ` defend himself ' against the students , who threw beers and spat from their balconies . Scene : The students were staying here at the Warrior Beach Retreat . The abuse occurred mostly when servicemen were walking past . Allegations : Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Emory University have been accused of disrespecting the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City on April 17 . It is not know whether anyone in this picture was involved . Linda Cope , founder of the Warrior Beach Retreat , says she 's never seen such disgusting behavior . ` They 're a total disgrace for our military , ' she told the network . ` They were urinating on the American flag they were throwing things off of the balconies . ' The veterans were staying at the Lake Town Wharf Resort and the students were in town for their spring formal . ` I have not stood up and said anything about spring break because we constantly want to get the support of the community , but if this is at all indicative of what these college students do we need to get rid of it , ' said Cope . ` Disgusting ' : Linda Cope , founder of the warrior group , says the frat members were urinating on flags and verbally abusive . Happier times : Nicholas Connole is seen here proposing to his now-wife in a photo from his Facebook . The returned soldier was wounded while serving , but was abused while attending a charity event . Emory University have now finally commented on the incident . In a statement a spokesman said that while they were ` appalled ' at what happened , there was ` no evidence found to implicate Emory students in these reported incidents ' . ` If any members of our community are identified as being responsible , they will be held accountable for their actions by the university , ' the statement continued . Hope said that the statement was a ` slap in the face to veterans ' . ` There were too many students from Emory for none of them to be involved , ' she said . ` It is hard for me to believe that no Emory student was a part of this . ' According to reports the police were called and the hotel security responded . They managed to get the situation under control and some of the students involved were thrown out of the hotel , but no arrests were made . Haley Riley , who was attending the event with her wounded husband , said beer bottles were thrown at them and students threw up in the elevators . About 60 veterans who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan were also attending a retreat that has been held twice a year for the past six years at the resort . Cope started the event in honor of her son Joshua , who lost both legs in Baghdad in 2006 when a roadside bomb exploded under his Humvee . Zeta Beta Tau International confirmed that three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity and both university chapters have suspended all activities . However they are still investigating what has happened . The branch at the campus in Gainsville , Florida , is already under ` conduct probation ' following an alleged hazing incident . A spokesman representing the nationwide fraternity said : ` Early this week our Fraternity was made aware of reports regarding an incident between several members of two of our chapters and veterans of the Warrior Beach Retreat during independent trips to Panama City Beach . ` While the details of their actions are still under investigation , there is no doubt that some of our members engaged in ugly and unacceptable behavior . Their actions have no place in ZBT or anywhere , and they will not be tolerated . Repercussions : Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled . The branch was already under conduct probation following an alleged hazing incident . ` On behalf of our entire organization , I want to apologize to veterans , both those who were in Panama City Beach , and those who have felt the pain from afar , as well as to their families and all who support the Warrior Beach Retreat and had worked to make it a positive and meaningful occasion for attendees . ` I am deeply saddened that the actions of our members ruined this special event and failed to show the respect our military and their families so deserve . ` As we continue our investigation , our chapters at the University of Florida and Emory University have suspended all activities and are fully cooperating in our investigation . In addition , we have already expelled three members of the University of Florida chapter from our organization who we found to have been behaving inappropriately , and we will take any further action necessary as we learn more . ` Our Fraternity also has issued an apology on behalf of all of our members to the Warrior Beach Retreat , the organization that was hosting the veterans to provide them and their families with the opportunity to relax and recharge . ` We are honored that hundreds of our ZBT brothers have served in the military and are disgusted that certain members of our Fraternity failed to exhibit the behaviors we expect from them towards our nation 's heroes -- respect , gratitude and honor . ` We are committed to fully addressing the events that took place , and will be hiring an independent investigator to help us gather all of the facts . Short-term , we are actively working with the resort , with the Presidents of both universities and with the local police to fully understand the events that took place . In all instances , we have a zero tolerance policy towards this type of behavior and are committed to appropriately disciplining any members of our Fraternity who were involved . ` We also look forward to working with our members to make amends for this disgraceful situation by identifying opportunities to serve those who have done so much to serve us . ' University of Florida President Kent Fuchs has personally apologized for the behavior of the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members toward the veterans . Probe : Officials at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , has deplored the actions and is investigating whether any of their students were involved . However they are yet to find any evidence tying the branch 's fraternity members to the deplorable behavior in Panama City . In an email to Cope , he wrote : ` The incidents and behavior you and others have described -LRB- in letters and phone calls -RRB- and the offense to the wounded warriors and other guests are unacceptable . ` We are pursuing an investigation of the matter to learn more about the involvement of University of Florida students and whether disciplinary action will be needed . ' Cope responded by saying : ` I said do your investigating , but I want to know what you 're going to do . What are you going to do ? I think they all should be put on probation . I 'm hoping that this will make a dramatic change in their life to realize they do not need to take the sacrifice and the service of these men and women in vain . ' The fraternity 's mission statement on its website reads : ` Mindful of its founding in 1898 as the Nation 's first Jewish Fraternity , ZBT will preserve and cultivate its relationships within the Jewish community . It reads : ` Since 1954 , ZBT has been committed to its policy of non-sectarian Brotherhood , and values the diversity of its membership . ZBT will recruit and initiate men of good character , regardless of religion , race or creed who are accepting of these principles . '