A brand new £ 4million apartment block in a World Heritage Site is facing demolition after residents complained that it was four feet wider than approved . Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats . But residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council . A brand new £ 4million apartment block in Bath -LRB- pictured -RRB- is facing demolition - because it is four feet wider than approved . Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a ` breach of planning control ' and ordered the building to be bulldozed . Dr Douglas Bernardt , a local resident with a PHD in architecture , described the situation as ` madness ' . He said : ` I do n't know how it was possible that things have got to this stage . ` Lots of money will have been spent on this and I ca n't understand why it was built different to what they had permission for . It 's total madness . ` Architecturally I think there is nothing to complain about . The flats look nice , it 's not aggressive to look at . ' But Architect David Hadfield claimed the building was 1.5 ft higher and just under three feet wider in some places than the approved plans . He said : ` Late in the design process the building 's insurers insisted on the introduction of a steel frame which resulted in the increase in width , and improved noise separation increased floor thicknesses adding to the height . ' Planning permission for the development at 43 Upper Oldfield Park was granted in 2009 following three rejections since 2007 . Planning permission for the development at 43 Upper Oldfield Park was granted in 2009 following three rejections since 2007 . Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a ` breach of planning control ' and ordered the building -LRB- right -RRB- to be bulldozed . The average price of a two-bedroom flat in the area is £ 289,000 , meaning the 14 flats would be worth at least £ 3.9 million on the open market . In October last year - as the building neared completion - residents complained that it differed from the approved plans . Bath and North East Somerset Council halted construction and ordered Landmark Development to apply for retrospective permission . Planning officers said they thought the work was ` acceptable ' and said permission should be granted . But the council 's Development Control Committee disagreed and rejected the proposals on April 17 , giving the developer six months to demolish the building . Architect David Hadfield submitted this drawing of the development showing the approved height and width in grey and the existing building in bold . The committee said it felt the development was ` harmful ' to the character and appearance of the conservation area . Landmark Development is appealing against the decision and a meeting will be held next week . Marc Willis , who is the developer 's planning consultant , described the council 's decision as ` unreasonable ' . He said : ` The report suggests the complete demolition and it must be done within six months . The developer is very concerned and is doing everything to stop it . ` The planning officers said the plans were okay , but the council said no . The idea that they have ignored the officers is just wrong . ` We have been in constant dialogue with the council . Demolition goes well beyond what is needed to remedy the issue . ` There are 14 flats which should be on the market now , but you ca n't move in without planning permission . It is an expensive and unnecessary position to be in . ` If the council followed its officers , we would n't find ourselves in this situation . There would be significant work to do , but we consider a demolition is unreasonable . '