Mad Men star Jon Hamm 's secret college bullying shame has been exposed by court documents unearthed from the actor 's time at the University of Texas at Austin . According to shocking arrest warrants and summons seen by Star magazine , the 44-year-old Golden Globe winner allegedly set fire to one pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals during a hazing ritual gone wrong . The documents claim that Hamm , 44 , was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation , but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom . Scroll down for video . College student : Jon Hamm is pictured here in the University of Texas at Austin yearbook for 1990 -LRB- left -RRB- - the same year he was allegedly involved in a hazing scandal at the Sigma Nu fraternity . The actor is pictured -LRB- right -RRB- this week . According to the explosive court documents , Hamm was in his sophomore year at UT-Austin when a prospective 21-year-old pledge was called to the Sigma Nu house at 2.30 am . When he got there , according to Travis County Court documents , Hamm - who was then aged 20 - and other frat brothers ominously told him , ` It 's going to be a long night ! ' The unidentified junior was then allegedly subjected to two hours of brutal physical attacks as part of his fiery baptism into the fraternity . The alleged victim told police that Hamm and other members hit him with a paddle 30 times and then lifted the pledge off the floor by his underwear , ` pulling it back and forth in a sawing motion ' , causing ` great pain ' . The pledged then claimed that Hamm led him to a basement ` Pit ' where he slammed the junior 's face into the ground while he was doing push-ups and then allegedly stood on his spine with his full weight . Shockingly , after this , Hamm is then supposed to have set fire to the pledge 's pants and refused to let him pat the flames down , but instead made him blow them out . Shame : The allegedly assault saw Hamm and seven other frat brothers set fire to a 21-year-old pledge and beat him with a paddle . At the end of the vicious hazing ritual , the pledge was taken to a part of the frat house called the ` Party Room ' where Hamm ` hooked the claw of a hammer underneath his genitals and led him by the hammer around the room ' . Allegedly not content with this , Hamm then went onto to break into another potential pledge 's room that night and subjected him to a similar torturous initiation . However , the morning after , the mother of the first pledge was called to his room to find him ` hiding in a closet at his apartment , his buttocks and legs black with brusises . ' Despit pleading with his mother not to go public , saying ` They 'll come kill me ! ' , she reported the incident to the police . High school senior : These pictures of Jon Hamm are from 1989 , the year he graduated from John Burroughs School in Ladue , Missouri and one year before his admission to University of Texas at Austin . Early career : Jon Hamm is pictured here on the 1996 show The Big Date - one year after he had his arrest warrant dismissed and six years after the alleged hazing incident . Huge hit : Man Men and the character of Don Draper has given Jon Hamm his biggest role to date - winning a Golden Globe for his work on the AMC series . Eight warrants were issued for Hamm and seven other frat members , which was shut down for a time after the alleged incident . Three members of Sigma Nu were sentenced to 30 days in prison for the hazing ritual and Hamm was eventually hit with hazing and assault charges in 1991 . In the wake of the hazing incident , the Sigma Nu fraternity was shut down in 1990 after the pledge 's mother made her son 's alleged assault public by going to the police . In 1990 , the AP reported that Sigma NU would close and that seven students were being punished after pledges were ` physically and psychologically attacked ' . The-then national president of Sigma Nu , James Cherry , said that he was revoking the charter of its UT-Austin , saying , ` Basically , we 're out of business on this campus ' . ` But our fraternity was founded in opposition to hazing in 1869 and we will not tolerate any form of hazing today . ' A warrant was issued for Hamm 's arrest in 1992 but the actor reached a plea deal with authorities in 1995 and the charges were dismissed . He returned home to live with his family in Missouri and the actor - who recently emerged from a 30-day stint in a rehab facility - began his acting career . A friend told Star that although shocking , ` The hazing incident was an isolated incident in Jon 's life . Since then , he 's been strong enough to take steps to make himself a better person . ' Hazing incident : Following the alleged assault of the 21-year-old pledge , the Sigma Nu fraternity at UT-Austin -LRB- pictured -RRB- was shut down . Recently , the Mad Men star has admitted that playing the complex role of Don Draper has taken its toll . In an interview he gave just weeks before he checked himself into rehab last month for 30 days , Hamm opened up about the effect that playing Madison Avenue ad man Don Draper had on his psyche . The 44-year-old star told Variety : ` Playing this guy does not come without its own difficulties , it 's not fun to live in this guy 's headspace year after year . ' He added : ` People ask , `` What 's the difference between you and Don ? '' Look , I drink , I get drunk . I 'm not immune to that , . ` And -LRB- creator -RRB- Matt -LRB- Weiner -RRB- will tell you , the darkness in Don has not abated , it 's gotten worse year after year . It 's relentless . And it can be hard on you as a person . I love coming to work ; I love the people I work with . But it 's been rough . ' As he reflected on being offered similar roles and being typecast as the dark , brooding , alcoholic womanizing character , Jon revealed he wants to distance himself from that persona .