With the misty orange haze and barren surroundings , you 'd be forgiven for thinking these ` out-of-this-world ' images came from another planet . In fact , they show what happened when a huge sandstorm caused chaos in Dubai . High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country . Scroll down for video . Dubai 's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm , which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters , while walkers have donned masks to protect their lungs . High winds have meant travel chaos on the roads and skies for people in Dubai , as flights bound for the city 's international airport have had to be diverted because of the poor visibility . Flights have been forced to divert and people are having to wear masks to protect their lungs if they walk outside in the Gulf region . In Abu Dhabi , police say a 24-year-old was airlifted to the hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility . During and after the sandstorm : Pictures taken from the Dusit Thani building in Abu Dhabi show the difference . Four flights bound for Dubai International Airport , the world 's busiest hub for international air traffic , had to be diverted to nearby airports . Another eight flights were sent to the alternate Al Maktoum International at Dubai World Central from other regional airports . Work on some of Dubai 's construction sites continued as normal despite the dust affecting visibility . Forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend . Construction workers , some wearing masks , are seen amid a sandstorm at one Dubai building site . People expecting to fly are being urged to check with their airlines to see how their planes are affected by the weather . A 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after his car crashed while driving in the sandstorm , and parts of Dubai were barely visible . Dubai International Airport said it was working to minimise any inconvenience to travellers . The street scene in Abu Dhabi 's Muroor area , taken by Ann Marie McQueen . In a public announcement , the National Centre of Meteorology and Seismology warned that visibility will be reduced to less than 500 metres , with the high winds set to continue over the weekend . On Thursday morning Dubai International posted an update on its Facebook page urging people to check before they travel . The statement said : ` Normal operations have been disrupted at Dubai International and at Dubai World Central due to bad weather conditions persisting since morning . ` We advise passengers to check with their respective airline or check flight status on our website . ` Dubai Airports is working with all airlines and other partners to minimise any inconvenience to our passengers . ' The view of Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai is completed obscured by the sandstorm in this reader picture . The sky in Dubai turned orange during the sandstorm , which led to disruption in the United Arab Emirates .