David Cameron has admitted he will have failed as Tory leader if he does not win a majority at the next election . The Prime Minister said voters were not ` fully sure ' about the Tories at the last election , but claimed they would back the party this time . He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority , before adding : ` If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded . ' David Cameron has admitted he will have failed as Tory leader if he does not win a majority at the next election . The Prime Minister said voters were not ` fully sure ' about the Tories at the last election , but would back them this time . Mr Cameron made the remarks in an interview with the BBC 's Evan Davis in the second of a series of special election interviews . The PM also revealed that nothing made him ` more angry ' than the Tories being called the party of the rich and admitted there were people who did not pay tax in Britain who ` damn well should ' . Mr Cameron 's remarks came after the Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg insisted the Tories were getting rattled because they knew they could not win an outright majority next month . Polls have consistently put the Tories and Labour Party neck and neck with just three weeks to go before polling day . But Mr Cameron insisted voters would come round to the Tories in the final days of the campaign . He said : ` At the last election when we came close I think frankly people were very worried about the state of the economy , we were teetering on the brink and they were n't fully sure we had all the ideas and plans . ` What I would say is this time people can see a track record . An economy turned round , more people in work , the deficit paid down , Britain on the brink of something special . ` This time I believe they can put their trust in me and in the Conservative Party to deliver that better future for the country . ' The PM also revealed that nothing made him ` more angry ' than the Tories being called the party of the rich and admitted there were people who did not pay tax in Britain who ` damn well should ' Mr Cameron made the remarks in an interview with the BBC 's Evan Davis in the second of a series of special election interviews . But Mr Cameron admitted he would be seen as a failure if he failed to win an outright majority on May 7 . He said : ` We are only 23 seats short and if I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded in what I want to achieve . ' In the first of the series of leaders ' interviews Mr Clegg said he would reject another coalition with the Conservatives if they insist on their proposed £ 12bn welfare cuts . The Tories have said details of this will be set out after the election , and Mr Cameron said : `` What we 're proposing is totally affordable and doable . '' Despite his planned welfare cuts , Mr Cameron said the Tories were not the party of the rich . He said : ` Look there will be people watching this programme who go out , who work damn hard every day , they pay their taxes . ` They do n't pay their taxes so that people who can work choose not to . You know , the reward sometimes for irresponsible behaviour can drive people mad -- can drive me mad and that 's one of the reasons to reform welfare . ' He said that accusations that the Conservatives are `` the party of the rich '' make him `` more angry than almost anything else '' . He said : ` What infuriates me so much about this is I think of what we 've done . We 've taken three million of the lowest paid people out of tax . ` It 's the people at the bottom end that I care about . That 's what this government has been about -- more good schools for children from low income backgrounds getting people into work who 've been unemployed . '