Peter Morris was devastated when his sister , Claire , died in a car crash when she was just 32 . Only a year before , he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband , Malcolm Webster , from Surrey , then aged 33 , who seemed equally bereft at the loss of his wife . Peter , from Gillingham , Kent , believed Claire had died in a tragic accident that happened in Aberdeen , Scotland , in 1994 . Scroll down for video . Peter Morris , left , was devastated when his sister , Claire , pictured right on her hen do , died in a car crash . It took two decades for the truth to be revealed - Claire had in fact been murdered by Webster so he could cash in on her life insurance . Webster had drugged his wife at their home in the Scottish village of Tarves , where they had settled after their wedding , before taking her for a drive . He then deliberately crashed their car and , after making his own escape , set it on fire so Claire had no hope of survival . Last year Claire 's story was turned into an ITV drama starring Sheridan Smith . And now Peter has gone in front of the cameras to talk about his grief and to reveal the shocking detail of his sister 's death , which he is still coming to terms with 21 years later . ` The fire brigade said it was the most intense fire they had ever seen from a mile away , the flames were leaping 20 , 30 feet , it was just ridiculous , ' Peter reveals on the latest episode of Britain 's Darkest Taboos . ` A very brave fireman tried to retrieve what was left of Claire . There was n't much left of her , poor love . ' Peter said he was shocked and heartbroken when he was told his sister , a qualified nurse , had lost her life in just terrible circumstances . Claire and Malcolm Webster pictured on their wedding day in 1993 , the following year he murdered her . He had no reason to suspect Webster , who Claire had met at a party , had drugged and then burned her alive . Claire had been besotted with him and was delighted when they tied the knot in 1993 . Peter recalls : ` He seemed like the perfect gentleman which is exactly what she would have wanted . He was a sort of Colin Firth type character . ' He said he and Webster consoled one another at the funeral and Peter believed he was suffering just as much as he was . ` He did n't say a lot at the funeral , he appeared to be in a complete state of shock as well , ' he said . ` We were all standing round the graveside , in my right hand I was holding on to Malcolm 's left hand . ` I was in floods of tears , and I looked at Malcolm , and he , he was also in floods of tears . And that more than anything else convinced me that it had been a genuine accident . ' For years Peter continued to believe the car crash had been accidental , and while some officers who investigated the scene of the crash had their misgivings , they had no concrete evidence to suggest anything different . Felicity Drumm , pictured on Britain 's Darkest Taboos , was Webster 's second wife . He attempted to kill her in circumstances similar to Claire 's death . Peter lost touch with his brother-in-law when Webster moved to New Zealand - but it was there that his true colours were revealed when he tried to murder again . He married Felicity Drumm and they had son together . Unbeknownst to Felicity , he started faking her signature to take out life insurance polices in her name and also began poisoning her like he had done to Claire . Felicity also appears on Britain 's Darkest Taboos and reveals how it felt to be drugged . She said : ` These episodes would often begin with a feeling of blurred vision or double vision and unsteadiness on my feet , my speech was sometimes become a little bit slurred , I would stagger around as if I was drunk and then would fall into a deep sleep . ' She could n't believe her husband could be the cause of her illness but a pattern was forming . ` These events occurred after he had prepared a meal or a drink for me , they were always at the weekends , never inconveniently when I had to be able to go to work , ' she said . Then in circumstances similar to Claire 's death , in 1999 she was driven by Webster to a remote location when she was feeling tired and drowsy . It seems Webster could have been about to commit murder again - until he was interrupted by a phone call from Felicity 's concerned parents . Felicity recalls how Webster was angry that the call had woken her up and urged her to ignore it but she persuaded him to drive her home so she could see her father . Webster then fled while Felicity learned some shocking truths from her parents . Webster pictured in 2011 when he was jailed for life after being found guilty of murder . ` We discovered that he 'd opened up a private mail box , he had redirected all of our mail including bank mail which had prevented me from discovering that gradually the account was being fleeced , ' she said . ` There were enquiries to real estate agents back in the Cornwall and Devon area suggesting he would be returning shortly to the UK with his infant son . At the bottom of his briefcase there was a total of nine life insurance policies , which collectively was in excess of a million dollars on my death , and they had my signature forged on them . ' Chillingly , they also discovered a petrol canister in her car and Felicity is convinced she narrowly escaped death that day . Webster went on the run back to the UK while Felicity reported him to the New Zealand police . After investigating , they urged Scottish police to reopen the case into Claire 's death . The lead officer in the case was Charles Henry . He said : ` The original fatal road accident was highly suspicious and it bore all the hallmarks of what was happening in New Zealand . At that particular point we were facing a highly dangerous individual who was a threat to any women that he was going to be with . ' Felicity pictured in 2011 when she gave evidence against Webster during the trial in which he was dubbed ` the black widower ' However , it would take years for the police to build a strong enough case to prove Claire 's death was not an accident and gain enough evidence to charge Webster . By then , he was back living in Scotland and was planning to marry another woman who had no idea of his murderous history . In May 2011 , after a long running trial during which he was dubbed ` The Black Widower ' , Webster was found guilty of murdering Claire , attempting to murder Felicity and attempting to bigamously marry a third woman to gain access to her estate . Now aged 55 , he is currently serving a life sentence with a minimum term of 30 years . ` I think his sentence aptly reflects the horribleness of his crimes , and the fact that he feels no remorse , that it was all premeditated and , given the opportunity he was about to do it again , ' said Felicity , who gave evidence against the father of her child at his trial . Peter , who had to wait 21 years to get justice for Claire , said he and his family can now finally move on even though their lives will never be the same again . Peter says Claire 's death nearly destroyed their family but now they are rebuilding their lives . He said : ` If anything it taught me that you just have to be a little bit more cautious in life as to who you trust and when you trust them , because we could all be living next door to the next Malcolm Webster . ` It was an experience that did nearly destroy me and it nearly destroyed my family but thank God it did n't and thank God over a period of time we 've managed to put the pieces back together and move on . ' Britain 's Darkest Taboos continues with The Black Widower Murdered My Sister on Sunday 12 April at 9 pm , only on CI .