Kitted out : Mr Carney out running in Hyde Park . Just how many water bottles does a man need when running ? If you 're the governor of the Bank of England , the answer seems to be four . Mark Carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in London 's Hyde Park sporting a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles . The keen runner , who training for the London Marathon later this month , was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt , which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs . The belt is available for $ 64.95 -LRB- £ 35 -RRB- at Kintec , a Canadian sports retailer based in Vancouver , suggesting Mr Carney , originally from Canada , bought it before he moved to the UK . He was also wearing headphones and top-of-the range running shoes . His adidas Energy Boost ESM Shoes , in green and black , cost £ 120 . According to the manufacturer , ` more boost beneath your feet means more fuel in your tank ' . They feature a ` form-fitting techfit ® upper ' which is ` engineered for natural , flexible support and a seamless , sock-like fit ' , the firm 's website states . Mr Carney , in charge of the world 's sixth largest economy , completed his look with a grey jumper , which was drenched in sweat by the end of his training session . The father of four daughters , who turned 50 last week , is known to be a keen sportsman and likes to keep fit . At Harvard , he played in goal for his ice hockey team . In 2011 , he completed in Canada 's Ottawa marathon , finishing the 26.2-mile sprint in just three hours and 48 minutes in 2011 -- an hour and 40 minutes shy of the winning time that year . He continued running when he moved to London to become the Bank of England chief in 2013 , and is known to sometimes run from his home to Bank 's headquarters in the City of London to avoid the traffic . ` Like many other Londoners I do run to work or home from work from time to time , ' he said in an interview . He will be running the London Marathon in aid of Cancer Research UK , a Bank of England spokesman announced in January . The original : Adam West sports his Batman utility belt in this shot from the popular Sixties TV series .