The elderly husband of one of two women stabbed to death in a Victorian hair salon nearly 24 years ago , is in custody after facing court charged with their murders . Robert Penny , 83 , of Malvern East , briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday . He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3 , 1991 , about 350 km west of Melbourne . Margaret Penny was murdered in a hair salon in Portland , Victoria on May 3 , 1991 . Also brutally murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers was Claire Acocks . Nearly 24 years after the horrific event Margaret 's husband Robert Denny , 83 , has been charged with two counts of murder . The women were found badly beaten , repeatedly stabbed , with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps , the Herald Sun reported . Unsteady on his feet in the dock , Penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes . His current wife was in court today , and the accused was seen waving at the woman - who reportedly has concerns about her elderly husband 's health . Penny was not required to speak during the hearing on Monday that lasted less than five minutes . Homicide police investigator Tom Hogan - the police informant in the murder hearing - leaving the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Monday . Lawyer Rob Starry , who is representing Robert Penny , outside court on Monday . Police launched a cold case investigation into the murders in 2006 , and Penny resurfaced as a suspect last year , despite being cleared of any involvement during the original investigation . He was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6 . In the meantime , he is expected to apply for bail in the Supreme Court on Monday afternoon . Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6 , and is expected to apply for bail on Monday afternoon . Tim Acock , son of murder victim Claire Acocks , was also in attendance . Mr Acocks -LRB- right -RRB- was a young constable at the time of his mother 's murder and one of the first at the scene . Members of Ms Acocks ' family , including her son Tim - who was a young constable at the time and one of the first at the murder scene - were at the hearing . ` We are grateful for the determination of the homicide squad detectives who have continued to investigate this matter to endeavour to gain a resolution for us and justice for Claire , ' they later said in a statement . The family said they were ` extremely encouraged ' by the developments but would not comment further while the matter is before the courts . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .