A 42-year-old man paralyzed in a Utah neighborhood watch shooting and found guilty of repeatedly having sex with a 17-year-old girl is asking an appeals court to either throw out his conviction or reduce his sentence . Attorneys for 42-year-old David Serbeck on Monday told the Utah Court of Appeals that Serbeck 's original lawyers should have pushed harder to exclude or dispute allegations tying his 2007 relationship with the 17-year-old victim to his shooting . Two years after he had sex with the 17-year-old , Serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos , who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV while patrolling their Buffdale neighborhood . Campos ' daughter and the 17-year-old victim were not the same girl . Motion : Attorneys for 42-year-old David Serbeck , pictured in court in 2010 , are asking an appeals court in Utah to either throw out his sex with a minor conviction or sentence . Serbeck -LRB- left -RRB- was shot and left paralyzed by the teenage victim 's angry father , Reggie Campos -LRB- right -RRB- in July 2009 after the girl told Campos that Serbeck was aggressively stalking her . In March 2012 , Serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison . His victim testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and Serbeck had sex three times in his Magna home in 2007 . The girl visited him under the guise of playing with his pet snakes . Defense claims : Serbeck 's attorney says the jury gave her client a long sentence after being led to believe that Serbeck was shot while out looking for more girls to exploit . The illicit affair came to an abrupt end when a friend discovered nude pictures on the teen 's phone and told her parents . Serbeck staunchly denied the accusations , saying the teen , now 24 , had a crush on him and wanted to impress her friends . Now , his defense team wants a new sentence for Serbeck , arguing that during the trial his attorneys failed to push back against claims that he was stalking other girls in July 2009 when he was shot and left paralyzed . Attorney Nathalie Skibine told the appeals justices that her client never got the chance to deny allegations of stalking and sex with other minors during his original trial , reported Deseret News . She also argued that the jury gave her client a long sentence after being led to believe that Serbeck was shot while out looking for more girls to exploit , even though he was never charged with any crime in connection to that incident . Prosecutors countered by saying that it was not the implication that Serbeck was on the hunt for more victims that got him the longer sentence , but rather , as the judge put it during his sentencing , his failure to ` own up ' to his actions . ` He has no remorse , he denies it and he considers himself the victim , ' Utah Attorney General Jeffrey Gray told the court Monday . On July 22 , 2009 , David Serbick was patrolling the Buffdale neighborhood with another man when he noticed two girls on the sidewalk , one of them Reginald Campos ' teenage daughter . Campos , pictured here with his family , was convicted of attempted murder and aggravated assault in 2010 . Reprieve : In September 2013 , a judge granted Campos parole . The man , pictured in court in 2010 , was released from prison last July . The girl went to her father saying that Serbeck aggressively followed her in his SUV , prompting Campos , a married father of four , to grab his gun and go out looking for his daughter 's stalker . Campos eventually found Serbeck and fired two shots at him , severing his spine and leaving him permanently paralyzed from the waist down . In 2010 , Campos was found guilty of attempted murder and sentenced to three years to life in prison , reported KSL.com . He also received a consecutive term of up to five years in prison on a separate aggravated assault charge . But in September 2013 , a judge granted Campos parole . He was released from prison in July 2014 . The appeals court will rule on David Serbeck 's appeal for a new sentence at a later date . He is due to appear before a parole board in September .