Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola weathered his first major crisis at the German club after his team crushed Porto 7-4 on aggregate on Tuesday to move into the Champions League last four . The Spaniard in his second season in charge was with his back to the wall after their surprise 3-1 first leg defeat in Portugal last week . Never had one of his teams lost before the semi-finals in the competition but that prospect suddenly seemed real . Bayern Munich celebrate in front of their delighted fans after overturning a first leg deficit to reach semi-finals . Thiago Alcantara jumps highest to head the home side in front on 14 minutes and set the Bayern on their way . Damned to succeed , Guardiola repeatedly said he was aware of what he needed to deliver at the five-time European champions for who a league and German Cup double was just not enough . He arrived at Bayern after their 2013 treble-winning season and expectations have not been lowered since . A semi-final exit last season only heightened pressure on Guardiola to deliver another treble this time round . But plagued by injuries in recent months and a rare internal strife after long-time team doctor Hans-Wilhelm Mueller-Wohlfahrt quit after 38 years , saying his medical team was blamed for the loss to Porto , Bayern had a far-from-perfect preparation . The doctor is hugely respected by Bayern players with many saying they would continue taking his advice and Guardiola suddenly in the firing line for allegedly falling out with a Bayern icon . Pep Guardiola said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death at Bayern . Robert Lewandowski made it three on 27 minutes as the Poland striker powerfully nodded the ball into the net . Failure to advance against Porto would have added to an already difficult week and would no doubt fan speculation about the coach 's future in Munich despite having a contract to 2016 . With Premier League clubs circling , a slip-up on Tuesday could prove decisive for both the club and the coach . But the Spaniard , who won 14 titles in his four seasons at Barcelona , thrived under adverse conditions with his team playing arguably their best game this season , even without injured Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery , Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba . Bayern frontman is congratulated by Mario Gotze -LRB- left -RRB- , defender Rafinha -LRB- centre -RRB- and Thomas Muller . ` I felt it in the last few days that we would advance , ' Guardiola said after Bayern fired five goals in 26 first-half minutes . ` This is about life or death and I know how very important it was , ' he said . ` I know what is expected of me in this team . It is about winning just like at Barcelona . ' Fans are now dreaming of a trophy on German soil in June 's final in Berlin and with players gradually returning from injury , Guardiola is confident Bayern will further improve . ` We can play even better , ' he said in what is no doubt a warning to other title contenders . ` After the loss in Porto the players were my heroes . Now it 's easy to love them . '