Friends and neighbours . For the next 48 hours , however , the pint will have to stay behind the bar as Chris Ramsey and Tim Sherwood go toe to toe in the scrap for survival . As far as QPR manager Ramsey is concerned , Sherwood 's Aston Villa are in no danger of tumbling out of the Barclays Premier League , despite their lowly position . The verdict is delivered on the evidence that Ramsey has gathered in four years of working alongside Sherwood at Tottenham . Chris Ramsey believes his friend and neighbour Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League . But the QPR boss will be pulling no punches when he clashes with his former Tottenham colleague on Tuesday . QPR scored four goals in a Premier League away game for the first time since March 1994 v Norwich -LRB- 4-3 -RRB- . ` Without a shadow of a doubt I think he will keep them up , ' said Ramsey . ` He has a good squad , players who have the wow factor and he knows how to manipulate those particular players . ` If I was a betting man , which we 're not allowed to do , I would be putting a bet on him keeping them up . ' Ramsey will be doing his utmost to extend Villa 's top-flight uncertainty on Tuesday night and has reason for optimism given Rangers ' stunning victory at West Bromwich Albion . Ramsey says if he ` was a betting man , which we 're not allowed to do , ' he would bet on Villa staying up . QPR celebrate the second of their four goals against West Brom from Charle Austin -LRB- right -RRB- . A second win in the Birmingham area in four days would send QPR above Villa on goal difference . Sherwood and Ramsey , a duo operating as boss and assistant last season at Spurs , will share words in advance . ` Me , him and Les -LRB- Ferdinand -RRB- live probably 10 minutes from each other so sometimes there is a pint to be had . I 'm sure we 'll speak before the game , ' added Ramsey . ` We worked together at Tottenham for four years in various jobs , ' said Ramsey . ` It 's great you can have two coaches who 've gone through the system and are coaching in the Premier League . The game has to look at it from an English point of view . ` If things had n't gone our way against West Brom then the mountain looks a little bit bigger . The game will be very important for both teams . ' Ramsey and Sherwood were in the trenches together at Spurs and live within 10 minutes of each other . The perspective for Ramsey 's team is more positive after putting four past a West Brom side who for the first half looked to have beach on the brain already . Joey Barton scored in added time at the Hawthorns to underline the emphatic victory , having six minutes earlier received a forearm in the face from Youssouf Mulumbu that saw the Albion midfielder sent off . That ended any chance of a comeback for the hosts , who trailed 3-0 at the break but pulled one back through Victor Anichebe . First half goals from Eduardo Vargas , Charlie Austin and Bobby Zamora , who scored a wonderful lob with the outside of his left boot , did the damage . Eduardo Vargas celebrates the opener for QPR in the remarkable 4-1 win over West Brom on Saturday . Bobby Zamora -LRB- left -RRB- scored QPR 's third goal with an astounding lob to give his side a 3-0 half-time lead . Austin 's strike was his 16th in the Premier League this season and Barton suggested he would have an England cap by now were he in a more fashionable side . ` It helps if you play for certain clubs to play for England , ' said the QPR midfielder . ` Certain people who have n't done as well as Charlie , who has scored so many goals in a struggling side , seem to be shoo-ins in the England side . ' QPR captain Joey Barton celebrates his goal , his team 's fourth , late in the game at The Hawthorns .