An adorable orphaned wombat has found herself a new friend - and a very prickly pillow . Chloe the wombat , who first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last December , has found herself a new buddy at Taronga Zoo 's grounds in Sydney after she moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas . In an adorable video uploaded to Instagram by Taronga Zoo , Chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas . As she rolled over to snuggle up , the echidna moved away but Chloe still rested her eyes for a moment before getting up . Scroll down for video . Chloe the wombat has mistaken her new echidna friend for a pillow at Taronga Zoo . She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas who do n't seem as eager to snuggle as she is . ` Chloe wasted no time making friends with her spiky new housemates and they 've been busy digging in the soft dirt together , ' Taronga Zoo said . When she 's not napping , Chloe likes to follows her zoo keeper Evelyn Weston around the zoo . ` It 's a natural behaviour and something Chloe would be doing with her real mother if she 'd survived , ' Evelyn said . Adorable wombat Chloe is now one-year-old and lives at Taronga Zoo in Sydney . She has become zoo keeper Evelyn Weston 's little helper and follows her around the zoo . ` Wombats stay with their mothers for up to two years , walking by their side until they 're old enough to fend for themselves . ' The pair have been inseparable since Chloe came to the zoo three months ago after her mother was struck and killed by a car near Jenolan Caves , west of the Blue Mountains , in June 2014 . Chloe stays by Evelyn 's side while she cleans out exhibits and prepares breakfast for the other animals during morning walks . She is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own makeshift pouch . The pair have been inseparable since Chloe came to the zoo three months ago . Chloe 's mum was killed by a car earlier this year and the joey was found in her pouch still alive . Chloe stays by Evelyn 's side while she cleans out exhibits . Her daily walks are part of her development before she can be safely released back into the wild . Keepers at the zoo have also built the joey a home where she can dig burrows and forage for her own food . ` She 's really learning how to be a wombat . Her paws are already toughening up and she 's quite happy digging about on her own , ' said Evelyn . When the time comes for Chloe to be released back into the wild she will first be transferred to a wombat ` halfway house ' . But Evelyn admitted she 'll be a little sad to lose her . ` I 've been doing this job for a long time , but it 's always hard to say goodbye . I like to think I 've toughened up , but sometimes I 'm still a wuss , ' she said . ` She 's really learning how to be a wombat , ' zoo keeper Evelyn says . The cute animal is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own makeshift pouch . When the time comes for Chloe to be released back into the wild she will first be transferred to a wombat ` halfway house '