The blue-eyed doctor who fled to join the Islamic State is still allowed to practice medicine in Australia despite appearing in a propaganda video encouraging foreign medics to join a terrorist cult . Former Adelaide doctor Tareq Kamleh featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend wearing western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward as he urged people to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims . Despite his public support for ISIS , Dr Kamleh still remains registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30 because the Medical Board has refused to deregister him , the Advertiser reports . Former Adelaide doctor Tareq Kamleh , who fled to join the Islamic State , is still allowed to practice medicine in Australia despite appearing in a propaganda video encouraging foreign medics to join the terrorist cult . The Medical Board of Australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a ` fit and proper person ' . But no action has yet been taken against Dr Kamleh . ` The role of the Medical Board of Australia is to protect the public and manage risk to patients , ' the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency said . ` The Board and AHPRA are not able to comment on this matter now , as doing so could compromise any future regulatory action . ' Calling himself ` Abu Yusuf ' , Kamleh featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend wearing western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward . Dr Kamleh , who completed his medical dress at Adelaide University , worked as a paediatric registrar at the Adelaide Women 's and Children 's Hospital until 2013 . He then moved to north Queensland where he worked at Mackay Base Hospital , before working in Perth until late 2014 . Dr Kamleh appeared in the ISIS recruitment video at the weekend calling for foreign medics to join him in the city of Raqqa to help launch the Islamic State Health Service . The video quickly went viral and caused his former medical colleagues in Australia to speak out . It has emerged Dr Kamleh has claimed he had unprotected sex with a Royal Adelaide Hospital patient who was a former sex worker and intravenous drug user after he checked her medical records , according to The Australian . Despite his public support for ISIS , Dr Kamleh still remains registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30 because the Medical Board refused to deregister him . Dr Kamleh appeared in the ISIS recruitment video at the weekend calling for foreign medics to join him in the city of Raqqa to help launch the Islamic State Health Service . He also claimed to have slept with a patient at the Mannum District Hospital in South Australia . A former colleague who worked with Dr Kamleh during his stint at the Royal Adelaide Hospital in 2010 said he was a sexually manipulative ` creep ' , a ` fraud ' and a ` sleazeball ' . They also said he had a number of sexual relationships with nurses , doctors and other hospital staff , drank to excess and had a strong interest in shooting . ` I feel reluctant to speak ill of a former colleague , but as he is now portraying himself as a jihadist and calling others to join the so-called caliphate , I feel I should , ' the colleague , who declined to be named , said . ` At the time , he was one of the most immoral people I knew , in terms of promiscuity at least . ' The doctor completed his medical degree at Adelaide University and worked at various hospitals before fleeing Australia on a flight to Kuala Lumpur last month . The vision of Dr Kamleh handling babies in a maternity unit is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group . Another ex-colleague from South Australia said he had undergone a ` character transformation ' over the past year . They claimed to have heard Kamleh had become ` devout ' to such an extent he considered platonic friendships with women inappropriate , and he ` thought the way he had been living was wrong ' . Immigration Minister Peter Dutton confirmed Dr Kamleh left the country on a flight to Kuala Lumpur last month . ` Reports on the weekend in relation to an Australian doctor going to serve in Syria are deeply disturbing , ' Mr Dutton said . ` For a highly educated doctor to succumb to the message of this death cult is concerning to all Australians . ' He could be sentenced to up to 25 years prison time if he returns to Australia and is charged . A former colleague who worked with Dr Kamleh during his stint at the Royal Adelaide Hospital in 2010 said he was a sexually manipulative ` creep ' , a ` fraud ' and a ` sleazeball ' Kamel could be sentenced to up to 25 years prison time if he returns to Australia and is charged .