An impoverished father has revealed that he plans to sell his own kidney to fund life-saving treatment for his three morbidly-obese children . Sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana , five , and Anisha , three , and their 18-month-old brother Harsh , are among the world 's heaviest young children . Weighing 5st 5 lbs -LRB- 34 kg -RRB- , 7st 8 lbs -LRB- 48 kg -RRB- and 2st 5 lbs -LRB- 15 kg -RRB- respectively , the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month . Now their father Rameshbhai Nandwana , 34 , of Gurjarat , India , is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists . He said : ` If my kids continue to grow at this rapid rate they will have major health issues . We 're terrified they will die . ' Scroll down for video . Obese : -LRB- From left -RRB- Yogita , five , Harsh , 18 months , and Anisha , three , weigh 5st 5 lbs -LRB- 34 kg -RRB- , 2st 5 lbs -LRB- 15 kg -RRB- and 7st 8 lbs -LRB- 48 kg -RRB- respectively . Yogita and Anisha eat 18 chapatis , 3 lbs of rice , two bowls of broth , six packets of crisps , five packs of biscuits , 12 bananas and a litre of milk daily . And their extreme hunger means their mother Pragna Ben , 30 , spends most of her day making their meals . She said : ` My day starts with making 30 chapatis and 1 kg vegetable curry in the morning . After that I am again in the kitchen preparing more food . ` Their hunger never stops . They demand food all the time and cry and scream if they 're not fed . I am always in the kitchen cooking for them . ' The couple have one older daughter , Bhavika , six , who weighs an average 2st 7 lbs -LRB- 16 kg -RRB- , and do not know why their other three children are so big . Mr Nandwana said : ` When Yogita was born she was extremely weak and weighed just 1.5 kg -LRB- 3.3 lbs -RRB- . We were worried for her health . ` So we fed her a lot during the first year of her life to build her strength but by her first birthday she had bloated to 12 kg -LRB- 1st 12 lbs -RRB- . Family : Rameshbhai Nandwana -LRB- left -RRB- , 34 , and Pragna Ben -LRB- back right -RRB- , 30 , are the parents of Yogita -LRB- front left -RRB- , Anisha -LRB- front right -RRB- , Harsh -LRB- front centre -RRB- and six-year-old Bhavika -LRB- rear centre -RRB- , their other daughter - who weighs an average 2st 7 lbs . They all live together in Gujarat , India . ` Our third daughter Anisha also gained weight in similar fashion and by her first birthday she was 15 kg . ` But we only realised they were suffering from a disorder when our son Harsh was born as he too gained weight quickly during his first year . ` We started looking for medical help and consulted many doctors but they would just refer us to bigger hospitals that I could n't afford . ' Mr Nandwana earns just Rs 3000 -LRB- £ 35 -RRB- a month - but usually has sufficient money to buy enough food to fulfil the large appetite of his children . He said : ` I am a daily wage labour and I usually get paid Rs 100 a day but there are times when there is no work at all . ` I work in fields , dig wells , and do whatever menial job I can find to earn money . ` And I 'm constantly worried about finding the money to feed my continually hungry children . ' Despite his paltry income , Mr Nandwana spends about Rs 10,000 -LRB- £ 110 -RRB- a month on food for his children and said he ` can not leave them starving ' Diet : Yogita and Anisha eat eight chapatis , 4 lbs of rice , three bowls of broth , six packets of crisps , five packs of biscuits and 12 bananas daily . Mother of four : Pragna Ben , 30 , tries to lift her five-year-old daughter Yogita . 6 am . Five bananas . One litre of milk . Six wheat chapatis . One bowl of vegetable broth . 10 am . Five wheat chapatis . One bowl of yoghurt . One bowl of vegetable broth . 12.30 pm . Millet chapatti - made of 3.3 lbs millet flour . Two bananas . One bowl of vegetables . Four packets of crisps . 3 pm . Millet breads . Rice - 3 lbs with vegetables . 5 pm . 1 litre cold drink -LRB- Coca Cola or Pepsi -RRB- . Six packets of crisps . Five packs of biscuits . Five bananas . 8 pm . Six wheat chapatis . One litre of milk . Buttermilk -LRB- 1.5 litres -RRB- . Two big bowls of vegetables . He added : ` If I do n't have the money , I borrow it from my brothers and friends . But I make sure I feed my children when they need . ' The father has spent Rs 50,000 -LRB- £ 540 -RRB- on seeing doctors and treatment over the last three years -- without any improvement in his children 's condition . He said : ` No one in our family has a giant frame . Only my children are overweight . As parents , it pains us immensely to see them unable to move . ` They can not walk ; they can not do anything on their own . Selling my kidney is a desperate measure . But I 'm now desperate to get the right help for my children . ' Miss Ben can not pick up her children so she has to watch them roll around when her husband is at work - or use a trolley to pull them around . She said : ` They need me to help them bath or when they need the toilet . I 'm only 40 kg so it 's impossible for me to pick them up . ` It 's a struggle when my husband is at work . Hard-working : Anisha hugs her father Rameshbhai , with Harsh . Mr Nandwana spends about Rs 10,000 -LRB- £ 110 -RRB- a month on food for his children . ` They are usually restricted to the same place for the whole day and because of that , they can not go to school . ` All they do all day is eat and play and giggle with each other . ` I want my daughters to get an education and play like other kids . I want them to have a life . This is no life . ' Local doctors believe the children are suffering from Prader-Willi syndrome , but do not know how to treat it . The rare genetic condition causes various symptoms including constant hunger , reduced muscle tone , restricted growth and learning difficulties . Dr Akshay Mandavia , a paediatrician at Mandavia Children 's Hospital in Gujarat , said : ` There is an abnormal accumulation of fat in these children . ` They 're not able to breathe properly , and they wheeze . Their condition could be due to endocrinal disease or Prader-Willi syndrome . ` But we can only ascertain the right treatment after a proper diagnosis at one of our top hospitals . ' Prader-Willi syndrome -LRB- PWS -RRB- is a rare genetic condition that causes a wide range of problems . These include : . It is caused by a genetic defect on chromosome number 15 , which happens purely by chance , and is usually diagnosed by carrying out genetic tests . Sadly , there is no cure for the condition . Prader-Willi syndrome is a rare genetic condition that causes a wide range of problems such as overeating . Parents of children with the condition usually have to restrict their diet and lock up all food . Instead , a team of healthcare professionals will help teach parents to manage any problems the child has , such as overeating . Children usually want to eat frequently , so it is important that most of the food they eat is low in calories , and that access to sweets and fatty foods is restricted . Getting the child to stick to an eating plan voluntarily is practically impossible , so parents usually need to lock any storage areas that contain foods , such as fridge or cupboards . They should also search the child 's room for hidden foods , forbid them to leave the house unsupervised , or play with other children who are eating food , in case they try to steal it . Any family , friends or teachers should be informed of the need to restrict their diet . The child should also be encouraged to exercise as much as possible . If the child has restricted growth , treatment with an artificial version of the human growth hormone -LRB- HGH -RRB- is usually recommended , as it can increase their final adult height by around 10.5 cm -LRB- 4.1 inches -RRB- . Most adults with Prader-Willi syndrome are unable to live fully independent lives , such as having a full-time job and living in their own home . Their behavioural issues and problems with food mean these environments and situations are too demanding . Adults with the syndrome who do n't live with their parents will probably require residential care . Source : NHS Choices . For more information , visit the Prader-Willi Association website : http://www.pwsa.co.uk  .