A crying 19-month-old girl was removed from a plane and met by police after she was accused of causing a security breach . As the aircraft taxied on the runway at Ben Gurion Airport in Israel , bound for Luton , Sarina Aziz became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents ' lap . Ariella and Mark Aziz , who live in north London , struggled to keep their daughter still after strapping her in the connector belt required for children under the age of two . One-year-old Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to Luton that led to her being ejected from the plane . Mark Aziz , pictured right , spoke with airline staff outside the aircraft before his family was removed . However they say they were shocked to find that staff had decided to alert the captain , who took the decision to halt the flight and call security to remove the family from the plane . Mr Aziz , who said the family are seeking legal advice over the incident on a Transavia Airlines flight in Tel Aviv , said : ` I want to emphasise that we wanted to , and were , complying with the crew 's instructions . ` I was simply trying to restrain our daughter who had become unhappy after being moved from a child seat on to our laps . We had actually purchased a seat for her to sit in , and she was very happy in that and belted in correctly . ` But the stewardess came up to us and said that their policy was for the child to be seated on a parent 's lap . We said we were happy to go along with this and were in no way argumentative . ' Mr Aziz described how after being moved from her seat , his daughter became frustrated and unhappy , and it became difficult to keep her subdued . ` All we were doing was asking the cabin crew what we can do , and asking for help , ' he added . After his daughter 's behaviour continued to attract the attention of the crew , Mr Aziz claims another steward , who had not seen the original incident unfold , marched over to him ` very aggressively ' . Transavia Airlines have said that the action was justified as the child was not ` following safety instructions ' The incident occurred at Ben Gurion Airport in Israel -LRB- pictured -RRB- on a flight bound for London Luton . Mr Aziz said : ` He was standing over me shouting and it felt like he was trying to provoke me . I felt very threatened ; he was saying `` you 've got to sort it , '' and that he would not help as it was not his problem . ' Speaking to Jewish News Online , Mrs Aziz said : ` It was like a terrorist incident , I could n't believe it . The next thing you know we 're all in squad cars heading back to Ben Gurion . ' Fellow passenger Ben Wasserstrum described how the pilot said that there had been ` a security breach , ' before returning those on board to the terminal . A spokesman for Transavia told MailOnline : ` It is very important that flight safety instructions are followed by all our passengers . It was unfortunate that the child was ill , but even then the flight safety rules must be followed . ' However , Mr Aziz said his daughter was not ` ill ' , although he admits that she was sick after she was moved . He said : ` I was covered in sick but we received no sympathy from the staff whatsoever . ' He added : ` The airline is trying to legitimise their actions and shirk responsibility . I believe that if this instance was legitimate then they 'd be kicking families off planes every day because I 've been on so many flights where babies do n't settle . But you ca n't ban families from going away with babies on planes -- that would be crazy . ' A Chinese family was kicked off a Cathay Pacific flight last month after their three-year-old son refused to wear a seatbelt , causing a delay for other passengers . The Hong Kong-bound plane sat at its gate at a Bangkok airport for an extra 30 minutes while the family , flight attendants and other travellers were involved in a heated stand-off . Most airlines allow children under two to sit on a parent 's lap during take-off and landing . Any child over that age must sit in their own seat and wear a safety belt . The boy 's father -LRB- middle -RRB- rowed with other passengers , after the family were instructed to leave the plane after his son refused to wear a seatbelt . The boy refused to take his seat and wear a seatbelt moments before flight CX654 was scheduled to take off from Suvarnabhumi Bangkok International Airport , a passenger , named Lau , told Hong Kong 's Apple Daily newspaper . All other passengers were seated and prepared for their two-hour journey . Flight attendants asked the family to put the boy in his seat and buckle his safety belt , but the parents refused to obey their directions and insisted that the boy be allowed to sit on his mother 's lap , the South China Morning Post reported . Elizabeth Sedway , 51 , says Alaska Airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor 's note clearing her to fly . A married mother of two battling cancer was ejected from an Alaska Airlines flight from Hawaii to California along with her family because she lacked a doctor 's note clearing her to fly . Elizabeth Sedway , 51 , from Granite Hill , California , posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . Mrs Sedway , who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video , which has been shared nearly 10,000 times as of Tuesday evening . In the message , the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything . Mrs Sedway initially said she was fine , but when the airline employee approached her a second time , she indicated that she might require a little extra time to board the plane because she sometimes felt ` weak . ' Daniel Levitan was barred from an American Airlines flight after his family advised a tannoy announcement saying he had a nut allergy . The Sedway family eventually boarded the plane and were awaiting takeoff in their seats when an airline representative came on board and announced that the cancer-stricken passenger could not fly without a note from her doctor . A schoolboy with a peanut allergy was barred from boarding a U.S. plane after his parents asked for a tannoy announcement advising fellow fliers not to eat nuts . The parents of Daniel Levitan are appalled at their alleged treatment by American Airlines , adding a staff member had told them previously : ` Americans have the right to eat nuts ' . Daniel , 11 , was at the gate at Florida 's Fort Myers airport when his parents demanded the announcement - but an American Airlines staff member refused , they said . In the ensuing row , Daniel 's parents explained his throat could have closed in a ` worst case scenario ' , which prompted them to be barred altogether . The AA staff member then allegedly demanded to see a ` fit to fly ' certificate before sending the family away and cancelling their tickets .