Didier Drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season . The Ivorian made a shock return to Chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012 , signing a 12 month deal . But the Blues legend 's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract . Didier Drogba revealed he is not planning to retire at the end of the season - whether he is at Chelsea or not . The 37-year-old -LRB- left -RRB- is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal at Stamford Bridge . Drogba -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates the Blues last gasp victory against QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon . However , Drogba , 37 , insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season - whether he is at Chelsea or not . ` I have made a decision , it 's not my last season , ' said Drogba . The veteran striker has been forced to settle for a bit-part role at Stamford Bridge this season after the summer arrivals of Diego Costa and Loic Remy . And he admits he finds sitting on the bench frustrating , saying : ` It 's difficult when you do n't play and then have to go into these kind of games . But I try to give my best . ` I tried to give the best of my physical capacity against QPR , so if the manager needs me I 'm ready . ' Despite his lack of action , Drogba looks certain to pick up his fourth Premier League title this season . Veteran striker Drogba -LRB- centre -RRB- insisted he tried to give the best of his physical capacity against QPR . And the forward , who started Sunday 's win at QPR , added : ` We are only looking forward . We just wanted to win at QPR to get closer to the title . ` We still have those games against Manchester United and Arsenal to play . But we try to only think about our game . ` We are top of the league . They are maybe thinking about us and hoping we make a bad result . But we are more positive that we want to win . ` You want to feel that it 's comfortable at the top , but when you look at the game against QPR , you know the gap can be closed easily within a game or two . ` So you have to stay focussed and give everything like we did . '