You do n't become one of the most successful designers that Italy has ever produced without causing some controversy . But Giorgio Armani 's latest comments will undoubtedly raise a few eyebrows . The 80-year-old fashion designer , who has dressed everyone from Beyoncé to Adele , has made a name for himself putting A-listers of all shapes and sizes in his creations , but it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes in particular . Scroll down for video . Giorgio Armani , 80 , admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much . In an interview with The Sunday Times , the Milan-born designer spoke of his disapproval of women who resort to breast enlargements , as well as men who work out too much . Armani , who has amassed a personal fortune of £ 5billion over the length of his 40-year-career , emphasised his appreciation of a ` healthy ' look . He said : ` I do n't like muscle boy . Not too much gym ! ` I like somebody healthy , somebody solid , who looks after his body but does n't use his muscles too much . ' Interestingly , the aesthetic for the brand seems to somewhat differ from the designer 's views - with several of the Armani underwear adverts featuring muscly boxer-clad male models . Kelly Brook 's ex , David McIntosh , 29 , is one celebrity that may not agree with Giorgio Armani 's disapproval of men who work out too much . Jodi Marsh , 36 , is another celebrity that would lock horns with Armani and his view of plastic surgery as ` idiocy ' Interestingly , Cristiano Ronaldo , 30 , has modelled underwear for Giorgio Armani before , showing off his unashamedly muscly body . The designer himself , who has never denied claims that he is gay , was also outspoken about the way that certain gay men dress . Mr Armani declared that a homosexual man does n't need to dress in a camp manner . . He said : ` When homosexuality is exhibited to the extreme to say , `` Ah , you know I 'm homosexual , '' - that has nothing to do with me - a man has to be a man . ' The Milan-born designer has never denied that he is gay , but in the interview he condemned men who ` dress homosexual ' A Beyoncé fan ! In the interview , Giorgio Armani admitted that he preferred the ` natural look ' on women , rather than women with breast implants . And his criticism was n't only reserved for men . When questioned on women opting for plastic surgery , the designer described it as ` idiocy ... A small breast does not have to become big . ' In the interview , the designer highlighted his appreciation of women with natural beauty , in particular those who chose to age gracefully . He said : ` I prefer to look at a natural woman . A woman should be courageous to become older , not be desperate to look younger than her age . '