A writer has revealed why she stopped washing her hair six years ago after embarking on a quest to try and control her greasy , limp locks - by avoiding shampoo . New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry , frizzy locks were smooth and shiny . When Sarah asked for her secret , her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing , opting to partake in the apparently-popular ` no poo ' movement , which Sarah had never heard of until that moment . ` I was n't in love with it , and I just did n't really know what to do , ' she told Seventeen . ` I wanted to try my friend 's trick and stop shampooing . ' Scroll down for video . Natural beauty : Sarah Theeboom -LRB- pictured -RRB- has n't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks . Although her friend warned her that her scalp and hair would go through a nasty adjustment period , Sarah was n't prepared for the dandruff and excessive amounts of grease that she first experienced after she first started shunning shampoo during a three-week vacation to Thailand . Sarah recalled that during those first few weeks her hair was the ` greasiest ' it had ever been . ` I was so embarrassed that I did n't want to show my head to anyone , ' she explained . Despite the fact that she ` almost cracked ' and went back to shampoo , she forged on with her mission . After vacation she started wrapping her hair with headbands every day . When she showered she would wet her hair and scrub her scalp with her fingers . And even though her boyfriend was critical of the idea , Sarah explained that , by this point , she ` felt committed ' to her cause . New woman : The writer from New York City said her hair is now silkier and ` totally frizz-free ' since she gave up using shampoo . It took six weeks for her hair to feel somewhat normal again and then another six weeks of her hair looking ` so-so ' before the ` magic happened ' . ` I started to see what my natural hair was like when I was n't constantly doing stuff to manipulate it , ' Sarah explained . ` It was silky and wavier and totally frizz-free . ' The ` no poo ' movement has gained popularity over recent years because of celebrities such as Kim Kardashian , Shailene Woodley , Adele and Jessica Simpson who have revealed that that they avoid washing their hair for days - and sometimes months - on end . Because it is no longer considered a ludicrous concept , Sarah said that she typically does n't have a problem sharing her hair secret , but she did note that sometimes she will come across someone who just does n't get it - including one hair stylist who did n't understand why she could n't shampoo her hair . Sarah explained that her although her current regimen sounds like a ` beauty philosophy ' , she was really just experimenting to see what worked for her . ` I do n't think shampoo is evil or bad for your hair ... ' she said . ` I still have good hair days and bad hair days , but overall , my hair looks and feels so much healthier . '