Javier Hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as Real Madrid kept up their pursuit of Barcelona at the top of La Liga with a 4-2 win over Celta Vigo . Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Leo Messi who nets once every 81 minutes . The Manchester United loanee put his team in the Champions League semi-finals in midweek with the winner against Atletico Madrid and in Baliados on Sunday night he scored twice to keep Real in the title race . And if his goal at the Bernabeu was a tired shot with the goal gaping in the dying minutes , his strikes against Celta Vigo were of the highest quality and will only serve to ramp up the auction for his services at the end of the season -- who knows if his goals bring trophies to the Santiago Bernabeu , Real might even be in the race to sign him permanently . Javier Hernandez scored two more important goals for Real Madrid as they look to keep up with Barcelona in the quest for the La Liga crown . Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates his equalising goal against Celta Vigo with with team-mate James Rodriguez -LRB- right -RRB- . It 's been a week to remember for the Mexican , who currently has a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Barcelona 's Lionel Messi . The 26-year-old slots the ball through the legs of the onrushing Celta Vigo goalkeeper Sergio Alvarez . Hernandez -LRB- No 14 -RRB- now has six goals in eight starts for Real Madrid and has impressed in the absence of regular striker Karim Benzema . Manchester United loanee Hernandez salutes the fans after scoring Real 's second and putting his side ahead for the first time at Balaidos . Colombian international midfielder James Rodriguez celebrates his strike and the visitors third goal with Hernandez -LRB- left -RRB- . The Real Madrid players surround striker Hernandez -LRB- No 14 -RRB- after his first goal brought Carlo Ancelotti 's men back into the lead . The game was the perfect tonic for anyone who had sat through Arsenal v Chelsea earlier on Sunday . Both sides flew forward from the off and their ambition was rewarded though for Real Madrid the reward was ultimately far greater . They fell behind after nine minutes when former Barcelona player Nolito took advantage of poor Real Madrid defending . Sergio Ramos lost his boot and was reduced to running back towards goal with it in his hand . And without him Rafael Varane , Alvaro Carvajal and Asier Illaramendi all failed to stop Nolito as he tricked his way in from the left-hand channel and shot past Iker Casillas . Real Madrid responded on the quarter-hour when Cristiano Ronaldo crossed from the right . The ball was cleared straight to Toni Kroos who picked his spot well to fire Madrid level with his second goal of the season . On 24 minutes Real were ahead and it was man of the moment in the Spanish capital Hernandez who got the goal . Rodriguez was involed in the build-up but he still had plenty to do when he received the ball cutting in from the right to shoot past Sergio Alvarez . Celta Vigo , hoping to do their former coach Luis Enrique a big favour , did not retreat and they were level on the half hour when 19-year-old Santi Mina raced away from Madrid 's defence on to a pass from Fabian Orellana . The teenager scored from the rebound after his first shot came back off the post . Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos loses his boot as he chases back during the build up to Nolito 's opener for Celta Vigo . Double goal scorer on the night Hernandez -LRB- right -RRB- tries to round a diving Celta goalkeeper Sergio Alvarez -LRB- left -RRB- . Portuguese forward Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- left -RRB- fights for the ball against Celta 's Augusto Fernandez but was unable to add to his impressive tally . The game was chaotic in every sense and Sergio Ramos and Joaquin Larrivey both needed lengthy treatment after a clash of heads . Ronaldo was linking well with James Rodriguez and Hernandez and almost put Real ahead but saw his shot come back off the post after another fine pass from Chicharito . When the goal that put Real Madrid ahead did come it was again made by Ronaldo . He played in James Rodriguez and his deflected shot beat Alvarez to leave Celta Vigo going down the tunnel at half time stunned to have played so well in attack and yet still find themselves behind . Their front three of ex-Barça B forward Nolito , journeyman centre-forward Larrivey and teenage prospect Mina , aided by Orellana , had run Real 's back four ragged and they kept the pressure up in the second half . It was Orellana who wend down under a challenge from behind from Kroos at the start of the second half but the referee was unmoved by the home side 's appeals . Isco went close for Real Madrid and then Ronaldo raced away on another counter-attack , which ended with a pass to Hernandez , he tried to hit the shot first time and , falling as he made contact , blasted it high and wide . He would get another chance however and this time he would take it . Celta were playing football that made a mockery of the financial gulf between the two sides . Their wage bill is € 12m compared with the € 17m Real pay Ronaldo but they were inevitable leaving themselves wide open on the counter and they were also tiring badly . It was perhaps the fatigue that meant they allowed Sergio Ramos to bring the ball out from the back without a Celta player anywhere near him . Ramos picked out Hernandez with a long pass forward and he controlled it with his first touch before slotting past Alvarez with an emphatic second . A week ago he was a frustrated squad player . Now with the season approaching its climax he looks like one of Real Madrid 's most important players .