Manchester Airport was forced to temporarily suspend flights today after a drone was reported buzzing around the area , causing disruption for hundreds of travellers . All flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the potential drone sighting raised fears that the unmanned aerial vehicle -LRB- UAV -RRB- could collide with a passenger jet . Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports while a police helicopter scoured the area shortly after 11:30 am . Flights were delayed or diverted while a police helicopter scoured the area around Manchester Airport . Flights resumed after the police search failed to turn up any evidence that a drone was operating in air space used by commercial airliners . Manchester Airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights . A Manchester Airport spokeswoman said : ` Due to a report of a potential drone sighting in airspace near to the airport , some flights have experienced short delays and a small number of flights have diverted to alternative airports while Greater Manchester Police carried out an investigation using their police helicopter . ` Upon inspection , nothing was found . As the safety and security of all of our passengers is paramount , operations on runway one were suspended for 20 minutes . Radio-controlled drones have skyrocketed in popularity thanks to the growing trend of aerial photography . ` Runway two , which was unaffected , will remain open for an hour so normal traffic flows can resume . ' Police continue to investigate the report of the sighting . Unmanned drones have skyrocketed in popularity thanks to the growing trend of aerial photography , and they have become a serious problem for airports and pilots as many operators are not aware of the rules or dangers . There have been dozens of reports of drones flying too close to airports or commercial aircraft , and experts say the radio-controlled devices pose a significant threat because they could be sucked into a jet engine . The Civil Aviation Authority -LRB- CAA -RRB- has successfully prosecuted two UAV operators for safety breaches and it has another three investigations open . UK aviation authorities have successfully prosecuted two drone operators for safety breaches . John Mayhew , Nats ' general manager for air traffic services at Manchester Airport , said : ` Flying drones in the close vicinity to any airport without permission is completely unacceptable , with the reported sighting causing delays to inbound and outbound traffic and the diversion of a small number aircraft to other airports . ` The matter has now been referred to the police . ' Last year a device believed to be a drone came within 20ft of an Airbus A320 as it landed at Heathrow Airport , according to a UK Airprox -LRB- aircraft proximity -RRB- Board report . The passenger plane was just 700ft from the runway when the captain reported seeing a small black object to the left of the cockpit . The object did not collide with the plane and the pilot was able to make a normal landing during the July 22 , 2014 , incident . Under CAA rules drones can not be flown beyond the normal unaided ` line of sight ' of the operator , must always be flown at least 164ft -LRB- 50 metres -RRB- away from a person , vehicle , building or structure , and must never be flown within 492ft -LRB- 150 metres -RRB- of a congested area or large group of people , including sporting events or concerts .