A young mother is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family . Louisa Steckenreuter , 35 , a mother to two young children , Darcy , 13 , and Tilda , 2 , was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year . Now to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from Dulwich Hill , in Sydney 's inner-west , needs to raise $ 100,000 . ` What we 're hoping is that it gives me longer to spend time with my kids and watch them grow up . And grow old with husband like we had planned ' Louisa Steckenreuter is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family . ` I was diagnosed on the 23rd of June last year , ' Ms Steckenreuter told Daily Mail Australia . ` I had pain my shoulder , I sort of regularly had muscle pain in my neck and shoulder anyway but then it just got incredibly intense and for a while they thought it was something called a shoulder impingement , ' she continued . ` Then they did an x-ray and saw that the bone was very unhealthy and they did a biopsy and found out it was cancer . ' Since then the mother-of-two has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy , which while it helped also made her very unwell . ` My oncologist has recommended I try this new drug . It 's called Keytruda ' , Ms Steckenreuter said . It works differently to chemotherapy , which attacks all the cells in the system , even healthy ones . Ms Steckenreuter , 35 , a mother to two young children , Darcy , 13 , and Tilda , 2 , was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year . The mum-of-two was diagnosed after she went in for an x-ray on a sore shoulder . ` I was diagnosed on the 23rd of June last year , ' Ms Steckenreuter told Daily Mail Australia . ` Whereas the Keytruda works with your body 's immune system and recognises the fact that the body 's immune system is able to fight the cancer cells if they realise the cells are bad , ' Ms Steckenreuter explained . However the drawback is the medication costs $ 6000 a month , and is not subsidised on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme . It is usually used to treat patients with advanced melanomas . Since the diagnosis she has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy , which while it helped also made her very unwell . Ms Steckenreuter turned to a new drug , Keytruda , to help fight off the deadly disease . Her doctors believe it may help her . Ms Steckenreuter said her oncologist , Professor David Thomas , said he believes the treatment might work for her , and others in a similar situation . ` The reason he thinks it will work is that sarcoma and melanoma cancer cells are built in a similar way and respond in a similar way , ' she said . ` What we 're hoping is that it gives me longer to spend time with my kids and watch them grow up . ` And grow old with husband like we had planned , ' Ms Steckenreuter said . ` The reason he thinks it will work is that sarcoma and melanoma cancer cells are built in a similar way and respond in a similar way , ' she said . Louisa and her husband , Andre , were married in 2010 . The mother-of-two said at first she was hesitant to ask for donations , but by putting herself out there as the first Australian to try this drug for her type of cancer she might help others . The mother-of-two said at first she was hesitant to ask for donations , but by putting herself out there as the first Australian to try this drug for her type of cancer she might help others . ` I 'm just a trial , ' she said . ` It 's not just for me , if they see it 's working in the first few months it means others can be treated with it . ' Just before speaking to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday , an anonymous donor had pledged $ 10,000 to Ms Steckenreuter 's cause . She broke down in tears when told about the donation , and vowed to find out who the generous person was so she could thank them . The Sydney woman is n't quite halfway to her $ 100,000 target and has so far raised $ 48,670 , but needs more so she can try this drug which has a good chance of buying her more time . If you would like to donate to Louisa Steckenreuter 's cause , visit her donation page here .