They are a stunning visualisation of the art - and how it is orange . A programmer has created these stunning graphs to reveal the dominant colour of artworks through history . They show Orange has always been the most popular colour - although in recent years blue has begun to catch up . The software extracts the relevant colour information from images or artworks found online . The plot above is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000 . The graph shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century , with all colours increasing except for orange . ` I made a visualization of the change in colors of paintings over time , ' said Martin Bellander , a PhD student in psychology at the Karolinska Institute who created the graph . To do this , he wrote software first to scrape the images of the paintings from sites where they were available for free download - BBC , Google Art Project , Wikiart , Wikimedia commons , and various museums . Then , the software extract the relevant colour information from them , and plots it in a nice way . He found the paintings change over time - from orange to blue . ` The changes in color might be a results of a combination of factor , ' he wrote . ` One of these could of course be trends in the use of colour . ` If we assume a smooth linear deterioration of certain colours in oil paintings , it would be possible to subtract that change and study the short term fluctuation in colour use . ` For example the marked increase of blue at the time of the First World War , might actually reflect a true trend in colour use . ' Two versions of Van Gogh 's Sunflowers painting on show at the National Gallery in in London , England : Yellow and orange are the most popular colours in artworks from 1800 , it has been found . Bellander used freely available images for the project . ` There are a bunch of different sites where you can access -LRB- photos of -RRB- paintings , for instance the BBC , Google Art Project , Wikiart , Wikimedia commons , and various museums . . ` One of my favorites is the BBC 's site where you can browse through over 200K of well organized paintings - an amazing resource . ` For many of these there is also information on the year they were painted , the artist , etc. ' He believes that some experts who have claimed perhaps the change is due top the price of paint are wrong . ` I have n't found any data on the prices of blue , so that explanation is hard to elaborate on . ` However , it is not only blue that increases but all colors except orange , which might speak against the pigment prices explanation . ' The same graph , but with only oil paintings . ` UnTrou sur l'Orange ' by Jesus Rafael Soto : Researcher have found orange is by far the most common colour in art .