Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come . They could continue as rival managers . Whatever happens , they will remember this night when they went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football . There was adrenaline , action , twists and turns . It was good to see two English coaches who have come up through the ranks against each other in a match of this importance . Their teams ' Premier League statuses were not decided on Tuesday night , but this felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths . Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey embrace each other as they met at Villa Park on Tuesday night . There was adrenaline , action , twists and turns as Ramsey and Sherwood went head to head at Villa Park . Queens Park Rangers led , then Aston Villa led , then Charlie Austin gave QPR a taste of victory before Christian Benteke wiped it away with his hat-trick goal . It was absorbing stuff on the pitch as well as in the technical areas , where Sherwood and Ramsey stood . They shuffled and shouted , cajoled and pointed . Never during the match did they exchange glances , perhaps too afraid to look the other in the eye and give the game away . Sherwood and Ramsey 's relationship was forged over four years at Tottenham . They helped bring through young talent ; Sherwood predominantly picking and motivating , Ramsey mainly coaching . Harry Kane , Ryan Mason and Nabil Bentaleb are part of their Spurs legacy . Now Premier League bosses , they still live 10 minutes apart in Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire . They have been for pints this season and will do so again in the future no doubt , unpicking this game that had so much at stake . Sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team 's goal en route to Christian Benteke 's hat-trick . Sherwood throws his jacket as he celebrates the goal at Villa Park in the relegation battle . Sherwood was out at pitchside much earlier than his friend and rival , so he waited and watched as Ramsey , jacket wrapped around his waist , strode out on his own from tunnel to dugout . The Villa boss extended his hand and there was a warm embrace between the two men as an arc of photographers snapped away nearby . Sherwood wore his customary gilet . In the seventh minute it was unzipped , three minutes later it was ripped off and flung to the floor . The timings coincided with QPR 's opening goal , and Villa 's equaliser . Think Temuri Ketsbaia minus the hoarding kicks . Sherwood , as we have become accustomed , was living the match on the edge . Unafraid to hype its importance before kick-off , he was treating it as such once the whistle blew . The showdown between Sherwood -LRB- left -RRB- and Ramsey -LRB- right -RRB- ended in a 3-3 draw at Villa Park . By half-time we had seen the full show . In the 16th minute he placed his hands on his head when QPR keeper Rob Green saved from Jack Grealish . In the 24th he hurried his players to take a free-kick . Soon after he was telling fans behind his dugout to calm down after Grealish delivered a poor corner . He produced his double-fisted pump celebration after Benteke 's second , the one we saw during the latter stages of the FA Cup win over West Brom . Sherwood was more restrained in the second period , particularly when Clint Hill found a leveller . Austin 's strike left him shellshocked before Benteke put a smile back on his face . With six games to go , both men have much to think about .