The Manchester derby will be more like El Clasico , with 14 native Spanish-speaking players due to be involved . Eight of United 's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries . They are David de Gea , Victor Valdes , Juan Mata , Ander Herrera -LRB- all Spain -RRB- , Marcos Rojo , Angel di Maria -LRB- both Argentina -RRB- , Antonio Valencia -LRB- Ecuador -RRB- and Falcao -LRB- Colombia -RRB- at United , and Willy Caballero , Pablo Zabaleta , Martin Demichelis , Sergio Aguero -LRB- all Argentina -RRB- , Jesus Navas and David Silva -LRB- both Spain -RRB- at City . Sergio Aguero will be one of 14 native Spanish-speaking players to feature in the Manchester derby on Sunday . United captain Wayne Rooney -LRB- centre -RRB- is likely to be just one of nine English-speakers to feature on Sunday . Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides ' respective 18-man squads including England internationals Phil Jones , Michael Carrick , Ashley Young , Wayne Rooney , Joe Hart , James Milner as well as Frank Lampard . Both clubs pride themselves on bringing through their own products . However , when Sir Alex arrived at Old Trafford he was disgusted to learn that City scooped the cream of Manchester 's talent and quickly -LRB- and successfully -RRB- set about putting that right . A generation such as the Class of '92 is unlikely to be seen again , but the derby could see no Mancunians in either squad for the second time in a row . Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that City 's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at United . Along with Ferguson , Eric Harrison -LRB- left -RRB- brought through the Class of 92 , to include Ryan Giggs , Nicky Butt , David Beckham , Gary Neville , Phil Neville , Paul Scholes and Terry Cooke . For three years , after the departure of Wes Brown to Sunderland , Danny Welbeck flew the Manchester flag . But following the Longsight lad 's move to Arsenal , November 's first instalment at the Etihad Stadium saw not one hometown native in either squad for the first time in living memory . Rooney was only born 30 miles down the road but he may as well be from another planet as far as many from this neck of the woods are concerned . Unless Tyler Blackett can stun the football world and force his way into Louis van Gaal 's United line-up , it will be a Manc-free derby . Unless Tyler Blackett -LRB- centre -RRB- makes a comeback for United there wo n't be any local lads in the two XIs .