Manchester United striker James Wilson has revealed that if he could take one quality from team-mate Wayne Rooney and add it to his own game , it would be the England captain 's ability to take free-kicks . The 19-year-old , speaking during an interview in May 's issue of Inside United , added that he would want Robin van Persie 's movement and Radamel Falcao 's instincts . The United starlet said earlier this season that he was using his opportunity training with the first team to learn from the three experienced forwards , who have scored more than 450 professional goals between them . James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney 's free-kick-taking ability if he could have one of his qualities . Wilson says England captain Rooney practices his free kicks every day , and often hits the target . Wilson has scored one Premier League goal this season , against Queens Park Rangers . And it is Rooney 's ability to strike a dead ball that Wilson most appreciates about his captain . ` I would take Wayne 's free-kicks because he practices them every day and more often than not they go on target at least , if not in the top corner , ' Wilson said . Of Van Persie , who Wilson played alongside for the Under 21s on Monday night , the youngster praised his ability to create space to receive the ball . ` I would take Robin 's movement because he has done it for many years now , using opposite movements to get on the ball . ' Wilson -LRB- left -RRB- played alongside Robin van Persie in Monday 's Under 21 game against Leicester . United starlet Wilson -LRB- left -RRB- said he would take Holland international Van Persie 's movement . Wilson praised Radamel Falcao 's predatory instincts insisting he is always in the right place . As for Falcao , Wilson would like to harness the Colombia international 's predatory instincts in the 18-yard box . ` I would have to take Radamel 's instincts because anything in the box drops to him -- he is always in the right place . ' Wilson , who has represented England at Under 20 level , has made 16 appearances for Louis van Gaal 's side this season , netting twice .