Aaron Ramsey was relieved after Arsenal ground their way past Reading in extra time to return to the FA Cup final . Alexis Sanchez 's two goals , the second via a howler from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici , saw the defending champions through despite Garath McCleary 's goal for the Royals . Ramsey told BBC One : ` We knew it was going to be a tough game , they showed great character to come back into it and we were on the ropes at times . Aaron Ramsey was relieved after Arsenal fought their way past Reading in extra time to reach the final . Ramsey waves to Arsenal fans having swapped shirts with Reading player and friend Chris Gunter . ` Obviously we had a bit of luck in the last goal but we 're delighted to be going through to another Wembley final . ` Reading made us work for it but we got through in the end . It does n't matter how , we 're in another final . ' Federici left the field in tears after fumbling Sanchez 's shot through his legs and over the line for the clinching goal . And Ramsey said : ` I 've felt the experience of losing in a final and it 's not a nice feeling . I have sympathy with him but unfortunately a team has to lose and happily for us it was Reading today . ' Alexis Sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici . Federici tries to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp . The Reading goalkeeper , who had been magnificent until then , left the field in tears at the final whistle . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger -LRB- centre -RRB- gives instructions out to his team before the beginning of extra time . Manager Arsene Wenger said : ` It was tough , they defended well , we did n't find our stride and struggled to win the 50-50s . ` They were on a different planet , motivation-wise , to what we have seen on tape . It 's the occasion of their lives , they would n't give up until the end . ` When you 're in a final you can win , you want to win it - let 's prepare well , finish well in the league , come back here and we 'll do everything to win it . ' Sanchez turns away in celebration as Reading 's players lay crumpled on the ground after conceding . Sanchez -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates alongside team-mate Keiran Gibbs after scoring for Arsenal against Reading .