The battle of the batteries is hotting up . Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for . And sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars -LRB- pictured -RRB- can run for . Sources told the Wall Street Journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . The reports were made by Alistair Barr in the Wall Street Journal . Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team . Mr Barr explained that Dr. Bhardwaj recently described how ` solid-state , thin-film batteries could be used in smartphones and other mobile devices that are thinner , bendable , wearable and even implantable in the human body . ' He also referenced a video for Project Loon that revealed how Google has been working with experts at AllCell Technologies to develop batteries that function at subfreezing temperatures . This is vital for Google 's Project Loon balloons designed to float near the stratosphere and provide internet to wider areas . Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team . In a video for Project Loon -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Google revealed it has been working with experts at AllCell Technologies to develop batteries that function at subfreezing temperatures . Fan site AppleInsider recently spotted nine job listings on Apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and another for iOS software power systems engineer -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . The AllCell technology uses wax and a graphite material , for example , to help lithium-ion batteries absorb heat and spread it across the power pack . Last week , a team of Stanford University chemists unveiled an aluminium battery that can recharge in less than 60 seconds . Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page . It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use . All-day battery life : This includes 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music . Audio playback : The battery will last up to 6.5 hours when playing music . Talk time : Apple said the Watch can be used for up to three hours for calls . Workout : During this test the Watch lasted for seven hours when a workout session was active and the heart rate sensor was on . Watch : When used as a watch the device will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour . Power reserve : When the Apple Watch 's battery gets low it switches into Power Reserve mode letting users tell the time for up to 72 hours - with four time checks an hour . Charging time : The company said it takes 1.5 hours to charge the Watch to 80 % and 2.5 hours for a full charge . Apple 's tests were carried out in March 2015 with a pre-production Apple Watch and software paired with an iPhone using pre-production software . Apple said battery life varies with environmental factors , use , configuration , and ` many other factors ' so actual results will vary . It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery which is ` fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive ' and is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries . It also ca n't catch fire like lithium-ion technology . At present the rechargeable aluminium battery generates about two volts of electricity , the highest achieved yet with aluminium , ' but the researchers said the battery has only half the voltage of existing technology . And Google is n't the only tech giant working on such plans . Last month , Apple began recruiting for experts to help boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops . At least nine job listings were discovered by fan site AppleInsider and include listings for an iOS battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer . In particular , the iOS software power systems engineer role said the successful candidate ` will be working on design and development of software for triage of battery life issues , modeling of power consumed by different parts of the system , and analytics to understand large scale battery life trends . ' Atmel also recently announced its latest microcontrollers -LRB- MCUs -RRB- that can be fitted to a variety of gadgets and are so low power they can harvest energy from a person 's body . The SAM L microcontrollers are part of Atmel 's 32-bit ARM-based MCU range and are powered by chip maker ARM 's Cortex M0 + 32-bit processors . A number of Apple devices , including the iPhone 5S and iPad Air are powered by chips based around ARM technology . A team of Stanford University chemists recently unveiled an aluminium battery that can fully recharge in less than 60 seconds . It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery which is ` fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive ' and is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries . Last month , Atmel released its latest microcontrollers -LRB- MCUs -RRB- for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can even harvest energy from a person 's body . Atmel said its MCUs extend ` battery life from years to decades , reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices ' Atmel said its MCUs extend ` battery life from years to decades , reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices such as fire alarms , healthcare , medical , wearable , and devices placed in rural , agriculture , offshore and other remote areas . ' They use a third of the power of rival chips and tests have shown they are the lowest power microprocessor ever made . The microcontrollers run on the firm 's picoPower technology and Atmel 's Event System that makes different parts of the device work together to carry out tasks . By effectively ` sharing ' energy , the whole device uses less power and , subsequently , less battery . It can also manage how much energy is being used by other components to make them as efficient as possible . Plus , the technology is so low power it can harvest energy from the body using changes in temperature . During a demonstration of the microcontrollers at this year 's CES , Andreas Eieland , Atmel 's director of product marketing demonstrated how he could power a radio by placing his hand on a panel . This panel recognised a change in temperature between the hand and the room and this was harvested to create charge .