Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has claimed there is no crisis at Anfield despite successive morale-sapping defeats by rivals Manchester United and Arsenal . Saturday 's 4-1 defeat at the Emirates left Liverpool off the pace for the Champions League places and it seems that Wednesday 's FA Cup quarter-final replay at Blackburn now represents the Merseyside club 's best chance of making tangible progress this season . But speaking at Melwood on Monday morning , Rodgers denied suggestions that a training-ground meeting on Sunday was designed to quell dissent among his players . Daniel Sturridge -LRB- left -RRB- and Raheem Sterling are in stitches as they share a joke in training on Monday . Mamadou Sakho -LRB- left -RRB- and Emre Can were also in jovial mood as Liverpool prepared for Blackburn . Captain Steven Gerrard listens in as Brendan Rodgers addresses his players at Melwood . Gerrard smiles as he chats to team-mate and fellow Liverpudlian Rickie Lambert . ` We have lots of meetings in terms of analysing things and it was no different to a host of meetings , ' said Rodgers . ` Those are the meetings which allowed us to recover from a bad start this season . ` It was nothing , just analysing performance , looking where we 're at . ` We have seven Barclays Premier League games to go and an FA Cup quarter-final . We know what our objectives are . ` I have a great bunch of players who tirelessly give me everything . Italian striker Mario Balotelli looks in thoughtful mood at the session on Monday morning . Rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats against their rivals . Fabio Borini has a laugh with coach Mike Marsh ahead of the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park . ` We might be short in certain elements but in terms of commitment and work ethic , that 's been pretty clear since I have been here . ' Liverpool head to Ewood Park on Tuesday night without suspended trio Steven Gerrard , Martin Skrtel and Emre Can . Rodgers believes his team have the mental strength to cope , though . ` We will go there focused and desperate to play after the disappointment of the weekend , ' added Rodgers . ` It 's Important to have this game quickly after losing . Brendan Rodgers catches the ball during Liverpool 's 4-1 defeat by Arsenal on Saturday . Goalkeeper Simon Mignolet screams at defender Kolo Toure after another goal is conceded . The fallout from Raheem Sterling 's controversial interview overshadowed the build-up to the Arsenal game . Liverpool will be without Emre Can on Tuesday night after the German was sent off at the Emirates . ` The group is committed to winning this trophy but Blackburn will be tough for us . ` We are where we are . We 're in fifth and up to now this season has been an up-and-down one . ` We have a lot of young players still adapting and learning , unfortunately . It 's not a mental barrier . ` It 's something we need to keep working at as a team . It 's a very difficult challenge when you look at the four above us in the league . '