Attention is already turning to next season at Liverpool after their FA Cup semi-final exit at the hands of Aston Villa . Unless one of the top four falter dramatically in the final six Premier League games of the season , Liverpool will also miss out on Champions League qualification after only a season back in Europe 's elite club competition . Brendan Rodgers undoubtedly needs to reinforce his squad , and Sportsmail assesses Liverpool 's chances of landing five of their main targets . DANNY INGS , BURNLEY . Danny Ings has impressed at Burnley this season and is set to leave Turf Moor when his contract expires . Mario Balotelli -LRB- left -RRB- and Rickie Lambert appear set to depart Liverpool at the end of the season . Liverpool have made their play for Ings but his concern has always been that he gets a fair chance of making a starting place his own . The Reds will look to shed Borini , Lambert and Balotelli but Divock Origi arrives from Lille in June too . Manchester United , Manchester City and Real Sociedad remain in the frame for Ings . COST : £ 4million compensation fee . JAMES MILNER , MANCHESTER CITY . Has been a little upset by all accounts that his move to Liverpool was reported almost as a done deal . James Milner appears set to depart Manchester City at the end of the season when his contract expires . Milner -LRB- right -RRB- is also a target for Arsenal and Everton , as well as Serie A sides Roma and Inter Milan . Wants to see what City discuss first and it is all about how many games he plays . Arsenal , Everton , Roma and Inter Milan have also spoken to his representative about a summer deal . COST : Free . PETR CECH , CHELSEA . Liverpool have been frustrated in their pursuit of Norberto Neto from Fiorentina , who is destined for Juventus . Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech -LRB- right -RRB- appears likely to depart Stamford Bridge before next season . Cech could be out of reach for Liverpool if Paris Saint-Germain make a move for the goalkeeper . They want Cech but do n't have the budget to compete with Paris Saint-Germain , who are confident of signing the experienced Chelsea goalkeeper this summer ahead of Arsenal . COST : £ 10million . ASIER ILLARRAMENDI , REAL MADRID . Stylish young central midfielder who has lost his way among Real Madrid 's stars . Asier Illarramendi may depart Real Madrid this summer and his profile matches Liverpool 's recruitment policy . Has stated a desire to fight for his place but knows chances are limited . Liverpool like him , as they do Ruben Neves at Porto also , but face competition from Arsenal and Real Sociedad although Arsene Wenger has other targets too for that area . COST : £ 18million . MEMPHIS DEPAY , PSV EINDHOVEN . Fits the bill for Brendan Rodgers in terms of pace and pressing style and carries a goal threat . PSG have also made enquiries , as have United , who hope Louis Van Gaal 's presence can sway the deal their way . Memphis Depay -LRB- right -RRB- is an ideal signing for Brendan Rodgers , but he must compete with Europe 's elite side . If Liverpool fail to qualify for the Champions League it may be another deciding factor for the Holland international winger . COST : £ 25million .