A lesbian honors student who was told by her school principal that she was not allowed to wear a tuxedo to her senior prom has now been informed that she may wear the attire , it has emerged . Claudetteia Love , 17 , said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School 's prom in Monroe , Louisiana , because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress . Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates , who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind , to gay rights groups and strangers . But now , Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland - who had backed Claudetteia - have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all . Result ! Claudetteia Love -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 17 , was told by her school principal that she was not allowed to wear a tuxedo to her senior prom . However , she has now been informed that she may wear the attire after all . On Tuesday , the National Center for Lesbian Rights said in a news release that the pair had contacted the teenager to inform her of their decision relating to the event on April 24 . In the release , Claudetteia , who is openly gay , said she had been inspired by the countless supportive comments and offers she has received in the wake of her controversial tuxedo ban . The support included a local businessman 's offer to create a prom for her and her friends , and a letter sent to school superintendents in the state by the American Civil Liberties Union of Louisiana . `` The outpouring of support has been incredible and inspiring ; it is a source of strength that I will keep with me as I move on the next phase of my education and life beyond high school , ' said Claudetteia . She added she was ` thankful ' for the school 's latest decision . ` I am looking forward to celebrating the end of my senior year with my friends and classmates at the prom , like any other student , ' she said . Last week , Claudetteia 's mother , Geraldine Jackson , who is ` fully supportive ' of her daughter 's gay identity , said Principal Taylor had told her staff would not supervise the prom if girls wore tuxes . Principal : Claudetteia said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School 's prom in Monroe , Louisiana , because Principal Patrick Taylor -LRB- pictured -RRB- had told her she had to wear a dress . Release : But now , Principal Taylor and school board president Rodney McFarland have told the student she can wear a tux to the prom , according to a news release -LRB- pictured -RRB- by the National Center for Lesbian Rights . ` That 's his exact words . `` Girls wear dresses and boys wear tuxes , and that 's the way it is '' , ' she told The News-Star , adding that staff members had not acted on the petition started by students . Meanwhile , Claudetteia told the newspaper : ` I told my mom , `` They 're using me '' . They put me in all these honors and advanced placement classes so I can take all of these tests and get good grades and better the school , but when it 's time for me to celebrate the fact that I 've accomplished what I need to accomplish and I 'm about to graduate , they do n't want to let me do it the way I want to . ' She added : ` There are people in the world that wo n't accept you but they do n't have to be so judgmental and make you feel like you 're less of a person and that you should n't express yourself . ' Ms Jackson and Claudetteia are both now ` very happy ' after Caroll High School reversed its ban . Inspired : In the release , Claudetteia -LRB- left and right -RRB- , who is openly gay , said she had been inspired by the countless supportive comments and offers she has received in the wake of her controversial tuxedo ban . Last week , Principal Taylor told the News-Star that the earlier decision was part of the school 's dress code and not anything personal . However , Claudetteia and her family said they did not believe it . McFarland told the paper that Principal Taylor 's stance was not backed up by board policy . ` Banning her from her prom just because of what she wants to wear - that 's discrimination , ' he said . ` As far as I know there is no Monroe City School Board policy saying what someone has to wear to attend the prom . You ca n't just go making up policies . ' McFarland said he planned to ask Superintendent Brent Vidrine to talk to Principal Taylor . School : Claudetteia is a top-performing student at Carroll High School -LRB- pictured -RRB- She will represent the school at an annual scholars ' banquet and has a full scholarship to Jackson State University once she graduates . In Tuesday 's release , NCLR Executive Director Kate Kendell said : ` We are pleased to hear Principal Taylor and the Monroe City School Board corrected this wrong before any serious harm was done . ` Forbidding girls from wearing a tuxedo to the prom would have served no purpose other than to reinforce the worst sorts of harmful stereotypes and censor a core part of Claudetteia 's identity . ' Last year , Claudetteia was one of a group of students presented in a Monroe City School Board meeting as part of the school 's high achieving medical magnet program . She will represent the school at the annual Scholars ' Banquet , an event for the top students in Ouachita Parish , and has a full scholarship to Jackson State University . Neither Principal Taylor nor McFarland immediately returned calls for comment from AP .