The 2013/14 season was seen as a step forward for Arsenal , spending the majority of the campaign at the top of the Premier League and ending their trophy drought with the FA Cup . But the Gunners still finished in fourth place yet again , with Arsene Wenger 's team were heavily criticised after throwing away the title . That poor run of form in 2014 could n't seem further away now with Arsenal flying in the league , a recent 4-1 victory against Liverpool demonstrating their step forward . But still , the north London side have exactly the same record as they did at this stage last season . Arsenal were reeling after a 6-0 defeat by Chelsea at this stage last season and had 63 points from 31 games . The Gunners are now in fine form and beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday but still have the exact same record . The Premier League table after Arsenal had played 31 games in 2013/14 -LRB- left -RRB- , and now -LRB- right -RRB- . Played 31 , won 19 , drawn six , lost six - the only stat differentiating the two tables is Arsenal 's favourable goal difference in this campaign - a season which their points tally of 63 merits a place of second , rather than fourth . With the addition of Alexis Sanchez as well as a new-found solidity in Francis Coquelin and the goalscoring returns of Olivier Giroud and Mesut Ozil , the Gunners are already being tipped to challenge for the title next season . But the run of form at the start of the season - in contrast to 2013/14 when they impressed in the opening months - has cost Wenger . Defeats by Swansea , Stoke and Manchester United will be looked back on with regret by this Arsenal team , as well as dropping points late on at Liverpool and Tottenham . Mathieu Flamini celebrates after equalising in Arsenal 's 31st game last season against Manchester City . The Gunners were in fine form at the beginning of the 2013/14 season and topped the table for many weeks . They currently top the European form guide but still ca n't beat their efforts from last year , at this stage at least . Wind back a year and Arsenal were reeling from a 6-0 defeat by Chelsea , drawing with Swansea and Manchester City before another humiliating loss at the hands of Everton . Things are certainly on the up for the Gunners now and they do look in fine shape heading into the summer , but they should not forget what could have been , this season and last . Arsene Wenger will regret many results in this season - including a 3-2 defeat by Stoke City in December .