She was just eight when she first attended the Maundy Day service . The then Princess Elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at Westminster Abbey in her smart bonnet and buttoned-up coat . It would be another 18 years before her coronation . Eighty years on , the Queen yesterday gave out Maundy coins in the pre-Easter tradition . Resplendent in a turquoise coat by Stewart Parvin and matching hat , the Queen was all smiles as she arrived at Sheffield Cathedral for the traditional ceremony . Eighty years ago : The then Princess Elizabeth was pictured in Westminster Abbey at the service in 1935 . Handing out alms : The Queen presents a lady with the two Maundy Purses at Sheffield Cathedral . Joined by the Duke of Edinburgh , Her Majesty was there to present ` alms ' to 89 women and 89 men , among them D-Day veteran , Denis Gratton . ` It was just quick . I 'm not very good at hearing , ' said Mr Gratton , 91 , after the ceremony . ` She did say something but I 'm not sure what it were . ' The Queen , who had arrived on the Royal Train , was driven to the cathedral where she got a warm welcome from the flag-waving crowd and was presented with a nosegay of spring flowers . Met at the church door by Peter Bradley , the Dean of Sheffield , and the local Bishop , Steven Croft , Her Majesty spoke briefly to the clergymen before being whisked inside for the service . After the hour-long service , the Queen posed for pictures with the Yeoman of the Guard , who had lined the cathedral 's aisles during the ceremony . The Royal party then left for a reception at Sheffield Town Hall as the recipients emerged into the sunshine , all pleased with their royal acknowledgement . Patricia Durkin , 72 , said : ` It was brilliant , absolutely wonderful . When I got here the atmosphere was tremendous . ' The Royal Maundy Service is one of the UK 's oldest royal customs and sees the monarch distribute alms in the shape of two purses of specially minted coins . This year , the Red Purse contains a £ 5 coin , commemorating the 50th anniversary of the death of Winston Churchill and a 50p coin commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain . Custom : Monarchs have been presenting Maundy Money since 1210 and King John . Commemorative : The red and white bags contain commemorative coins , this year featuring Winston Churchill . Thank you : A gentleman looks pleased as he receives his commemorative coins from the Queen . Bodyguard : The Queen was accompanied by the Yeoman of the Guard who carried in the purses . Signing up : The Queen signed the visitor 's book at Sheffield Cathedral before she left . Tradition : The Queen and Prince Philip were handed traditional nosegays made from spring flowers . Historically , this sum of £ 5.50 in the Red Purse is made up of £ 3 for clothing , £ 1.50 in lieu of provisions and £ 1 for the redemption of the Sovereign 's gown . The White Purse contains uniquely minted Maundy Money , which , unlike coins in general circulation , bear the portrait of the Queen produced by Mary Gillick at the start of her reign . Gillick , a sculptor , designed the portrait which appeared on the coins of the UK and some Commonwealth countries from 1953 until preparations for decimalisation began in 1968 . The portrait of the Queen wearing a wreath on her head was considered to reflect the nation 's optimism as it greeted a new monarch in the post-war years . The Royal Maundy is an ancient ceremony which has its origin in the commandment Christ gave after washing the feet of his disciples the day before Good Friday . Warm welcome : The Queen is greeted at Sheffield Cathedral ahead of the traditional Royal Maundy Service . Jaunty : The Queen , looking wonderful in turquoise , arrived in the state Bentley with the Duke of Edinburgh . Cheerful : The Duke of Edinburgh was on jolly form as he arrived for the service . Busy week : The Queen will also appear at church in Windsor on Easter Sunday . Meeting : The Queen speaks to the Dean and Bishop of Sheffield ahead of the Royal Maundy Service . In an echo of the Last Supper , mediaeval and Tudor monarchs also washed the feet of beggars during the service . Unlike the nosegay , which was originally introduced as a means of disguising the repellent smell , that custom failed to survive the 18th century . The first monarch to take part in a Maundy Thursday service was King John , of Magna Carta and Robin Hood fame , who distributed gifts of clothes and money to the poor in Knaresborough in 1210 . John was also the first to present the poor with silver coins and is recorded as having done so in Rochester in 1213 . John 's grandson Edward I , the king known to posterity as ` the Hammer of the Scots ' , was the first to confine the tradition to Maundy Thursday alone , which , until his reign , could be conducted on any day of the year . Recipient : One of the men receiving Maundy Money clutches his ticket as he arrives for the service . Enthusiastic : A little girl waves as the Queen 's Bentley pulls up outside the Cathedral . Patriotic : Crowds of people waited outside the Cathedral , many clutching Union Flags . Turn out : A lady keeps her Union Flags tucked under her arm as she waits to see the Queen . Long wait : Many of the well-wishers outside the Cathedral had waited there for hours . By 1363 and Edward III , the tradition had evolved into a ceremony that is still recognisable today , with monarchs handing out money equivalent to their age in years . The ceremony was little changed by the dawn of the Tudor period , although rulers could - and did - increase the number of beggars involved to show their religious devotion and humility . None took it more seriously than Mary I - or Bloody Mary - who in 1556 washed the feet of 41 ` poor women ' and spent the entire ceremony on her knees . Later monarchs were less keen on the service , with some , among them Charles I , rarely bothering to take part . Charles II , anxious to curry favour with his subjects following the Restoration , took part in the ceremony without fail , including during the plague years . Originator : The custom originated with King John , shown here signing the Magna Carta in June 1209 . Modernising : The 800-year-old tradition used to involve washing beggars ' feet - hence the nosegay . Smell : The scented nosegays were originally used to disguise the stench of unwashed people . All smiles : The Queen , who has only missed the ceremony four times , was all smiles as she arrived . Schoolchildren : The Queen was also introduced to a group of schoolchildren outside the cathedral . Although today 's ceremony takes place in a different location each year , Queen Victoria insisted on doing it at Westminster Abbey - a custom that remained in place until the Queen took the throne in 1952 . The Queen has taken part in the Royal Maundy Service in all but four years of her reign , including in 1954 when she was away touring the Commonwealth . She was also forced to pull out in 1960 thanks to the imminent birth of Prince Andrew , again in 1964 for the birth of Prince Edward and in 1970 due to a tour of New Zealand . Dapper : The 93-year-old Duke of Edinburgh cut a dapper figure in his tailored suit . Bodyguards : The Queen was flanked by members of King 's Bodyguard of the Yeomen of the Guard . Long history : The Yeomen have been part of British life since 1485 and are the UK 's oldest military body . On her way : After the ceremony , the Queen was driven away for a lunch at Sheffield Town Hall . Busy : The scene outside Sheffield Cathedral ahead of the Queen and Prince Philip 's arrival .