Nestled in some of the most beautiful corners of the world , are tiny settlements of people who have adapted to live around nature . From villages under boulders in Portugal , to floating villages in Peru , these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world . The secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas , but are each set in their own natural paradises . Scroll down for video . Bravest village ever ? The settlement of Aogashima in the Philippine Sea , has 200 inhabitants who live in the middle of a volcanic crater . Aogashima , Philippine Sea . Perhaps the last place you would expect to find a living community would be inside a tropical volcanic island in the Philippine Sea . The last time the Class-C volcano erupted was in the 1780s , and it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island . Over fifty years later , the inhabitants who had escaped the island returned , and now there are 200 brave villagers living there . Hidden behind a rock ! This tiny settlement is concealed from the Greek coastline behind a giant rock on the island . Monemvasia , Greece . Monemvasia is a little settlement concealed behind a huge rock face in Laconia in Greece . The island was separated from the mainland in 375 AD by an earthquake , although a small walkway has been created since for easy access to the mainland . Inhabitants are hidden away from the rest of the world , with spectacular views of the Palaia Monemvasia bay . Giant honeycomb ! The Phugtal Monastery in India is hidden on a cliff on the entrance to a cave in the Zanskar region . Phugtal Monastery , India . The hidden cliff face village of Phuktal or Phugtal Monastery is one of the most isolated monasteries in northern India . Constructed from mud and timber , it is located at the entrance to a cave on a cliff face in the south-eastern Zanskar region in Ladakh district . Looking like a giant honeycomb it was founded in the early 12th century , but remained a hidden treasure until the 1800s when Alexander Cosmo de Koros visited the place , and stayed there for a year . The remote east Greenland village of Isortoq includes a supermarket , the large red building -LRB- pictured front -RRB- . Isortoq , Greenland . On 64 people reside on Greenland 's Isortoq village , which is set in the middle of miles of snow and ice . The Inuit inhabitants used to be forced to survive on only meat , as the harsh landscape did n't allow for plants to be grown . They do have a red supermarket nowadays , which offers a variety of other produce . There is even ketchup and mayonnaise available for eating with seal . Long way to the corner shop ! Only 16 people live in this tiny village nestled high on the cliffs near the coast of the Faroe Islands . Gásadalur Village , Denmark . The isolated village of Gásadalur situated on the west side of Vágar in the Faroe Islands . Only 16 residents live in the peaceful settlement , with stunning views of tumbling cliffs overlooking the North Atlantic 's Gulf Stream . A tunnel was built through the mountains in 2004 , but before that , a walk to the next village would have meant a strenuous hike or horseback ride over the 400m high mountain . Nestled in one of the driest locations on earth , is Huacachina ; a town complete with trees , hotels , shops and even an oasis library - tranquil ! Huacachina , Peru . In the midst of one of the driest climates in the world is an oasis town with lush palm trees , flourishing foliage , and a tranquil lagoon which is said to have curative properties . The magical town is called Huacachina , and it can be found not only on adventurers ' bucket lists , but also in a barren desert in Peru . Visitors can visit the surreal settlement and the 96 residents who thrive on running small businesses on their greatest resource ; sand . The incredible Cliff of Bandiagara in Mali is an impressive series of clay structures , which are home to the Dogon people . The Cliff of Bandiagara , Mali . It looks like a model village created by clay , but it is actually a real village in West-Africa , home to the Dogon people . The Cliff of Bandiagara is zone of tablelands , gorges and plains which has been constructed out of red-coloured clay . The series of fascinating clay chambers consists of houses , granaries , altars , sanctuaries and , or communal meeting-places , which look perfect for exploring . Fairytale village ! Undredal is hidden in a narrow valleyin the Aurlandsfjord in Norway , and looks like something out of Disney movie . Undredal , Norway . The small village of Undredal is home to approximately 100 people and 500 goats , and is a popular tourist destination along the Aurlandsfjorden . Undredal is famous for the brown goat cheese , and even produces goat sausages . Before 1988 , Undredal was only accessible by boat , but now a road connection has been made by constructing two tunnels as part of the European route E16 . A village in a Fjord ! Furore in Italy is a brightly coloured settlement tucked away in the mouth of the fjord . Furore , Italy . Tucked away in a Fjord is a quaint Italian village , completed with brightly coloured houses decorated with murals . Furore can be discovered in the Campania region of south-western Italy , although it used to be practically hidden from travellers . Following Furore being dubbed ` the village that does n't exist , ' the mayor decided it was time for action , and sought to put the minuscule commune on the map . He ordered that the tiny buildings should be painted in vibrant colours so the picturesque village could be viewed from the coastal road . Green haven ! Sapa is one of the most beautiful places in earth , and is home to villagers who farm the rice fields and sell trinkets to visitors . Sapa , Vietnam . Cascading vibrant green rice fields line the hills in the Sapa region of North Vietnam . Hill-tribe people fill the mountains with colour , and open their homes to tourists who flock to take in the incredible views across the region . Visitors can trek through the hills and buy colourful trinkets from the tribes people , who accompany them on the walk to help . Giant mole hills ? An entire population of over a thousand residents live underground in dugouts at Coober Pedy in northern South Australia . There is even an underground chapel -LRB- left -RRB- and houses that come with lounges , -LRB- right -RRB- kitchens and dining rooms . Coober Pedy , Australia . From first glance you would think that Coober Pedy in northern South Australia , is a series of giant mole hills . It is , in fact , a town concealed underground in dugouts which were built to withstand the blazing daytime heat . According to the 2011 census , its population was 1,695 -LRB- 953 males , 742 females -RRB- , who live in the area to mine the precious opals that lie there . Gorge-ous views ! Tiny hilltop village , Rougon , boasts panoramic views of the surrounding Verdon Gorge in the south of France . Rougon , France . After winding your way through the picturesque mountain views in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in France , you will stumble on a preserved , peaceful village called Rougon . Sitting under a large rocky outcrop , the hidden village is perfectly situated for panoramic views of the Verdon gorge . Visitors can explore the Saint Christophe chapel , the Huguenote church , the remains of its feudal castle and enjoy the local fair occurring in the last Sunday in June . If you are feeling adventurous , guests can camp at the village all year round . The Havasupai tribe are the smallest Indian nation in America , with just over 600 village inhabitants . It is so remote that mail is delivered by mule . Supai , Arizona . Millions travel to witness the spectacular Grand Canyon every year , but few know that this Arizona landscape is home to a secret tribe , hidden away in its depths . More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe , which is the smallest Indian nation in America . Visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule , and experience life in the village of Supai , which has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office , school , LDS chapel , and a small Christian church . The most remote location in the world : Tristan da Cunha is situated over a thousand miles from the nearest land and has 300 residents . Tristan da Cunha , Saint Helena . Taking the prize for the most remote village is Tristan da Cunha , which is only accessible by a six-day boat journey from South Africa or as part of epic month-long cruises through the South Atlantic Ocean . The inhabited archipelago stands 1,243 miles from Saint Helena , 1,491 miles from South Africa and 2,088 miles from South America in the middle of ocean . It 's just seven miles long and 37.8 square miles in area , and has but one settlement at the foot of the 6,765-foot Queen Mary 's Peak , with 300 residents all of whom farm for a living . Floating village ! The Uros live on islands made by interwoven reeds which sit in Lake Titicaca Puno . The tribe have been living on the lake for hundreds of years , since Incas expanded onto their land forcing them out . Uros Floating Islands , Lake Titicaca Puno , Peru and Bolivia . Secluded from the world are the Uros Islands in Lake Titicaca Puno which sits on the border of Peru and Bolivia . The pre-Incan Uru tribe live on forty-two floating islands that are made out of totora reeds . Reeds must be constantly added to the islands , as the bottom rots away in the water . The Uros also use these reeds for a big part of their diets , and consume the white bottom of the reeds as they are pulled from the bottom of the islands . The village under a rock ! Monsanto in Portugal has built its homes around the 200-tonne rocks in the area . Some of its 828 brave residents even sleep under gigantic boulders . Monsanto , Portugal . Residing under a roof that weighs more than the average cruise ship may make some people anxious . Residents in the Portuguese village of Monsanto , have adapted their homes around the gigantic granite boulders . In the mountaintop village , homes are sandwiched between , under and even in the 200-tonne rocks .