These are the shocking scenes as a cyclist in Russia narrowly escapes death when a HGV knocks him from his bicycle following a reckless overtaking manoeuvre on a motorway . The cyclist is pedaling in front of his friend past a junction when the truck comes speeding along the inside , clipping the rider and throwing him clear of his bike . The second cyclist does not have any time to react to his friend 's accident and is knocked to the ground after careering into the stricken bicycle . This is the moment a Russian truck flies past a cyclist , pictured , on the outskirts of St Petersberg . The truck continued along the road for 100 metres before it was stopped by the driver on the hard shoulder . Marathon rider Ruslan Bazarov , 28 , suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg when the truck overtook him on the St Petersburg ring road . Bazarov was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic Star club when the incident happened . Moments before the accident , Bazarov made a hand signal to indicate that he was moving into the right hand lane , but the truck , which was carrying flour , sounded its horn and flashed by . Bazarov was sucked in towards the truck 's trailer and knocked to the ground . The riders had planned to ride from Poklonnaya Hill , across the Vyborg , Primorsk and Zelenogorsk highways with the planned finish at Savushkina street in the city . The truck driver braked heavily as Bazorov tumbled along the tarmac where he suffered fractrues . Bazorov suffered two fractures to his legs and a pelvic area after the collision in St Petersberg . The cyclist cried out in pain due to the serious nature of his injuries suffered during the collision . Luckily Bazorov bounced clear of the truck 's massive wheels although his bike was badly bent . The video , which has since gone viral on the internet has prompted members of Russia 's cycling community to demand the creation of safe areas to ride . Bazorov suffered a double fracture to his leg as a result of his accident . The truck 's driver pulled over to the side of the road after 100 metres and blamed Bazarov for causing the incident . The driver can be heard on the video remarking : ` Do n't complain , it 's your own fault . I was driving normally , bro ! ' Fellow rider Paul Gavrilov , 35 , said : ` This accident should have been avoided because he could have been killed . If there were better cycle ways and proper access to the ones that exist it would make it safer . '