An Italian ice cream man pursued his older rival in his van and then punched him through the driver 's window in a turf war over ` stealing ' customers from a new housing development . The row broke out between Andrea Trunfio , 36 , and Mario Bretti , 64 , after the former allegedly tried to muscle in on Mr Bretti 's patch . A court heard how the pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site on a scorching day in July last year . Mr Bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before cutting him off at a junction and blocking him with his van . He then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver 's window . Pursued : Mr Bretti , 64 , was chased by his younger rival Andrea Trunfio over an argument over a disputed site . The incident took place around the new Ridgeway Farm housing development on July 22 last year , when temperatures reached 25 degrees during a spell of sunny weather . Describing what happened , Mr Bretti said : ` I have been doing this for 45 years , since I was just 18 years old . On July 22 , I got beaten up by another ice cream man . ` He decided to follow me on Thamesdown Drive in the middle of the road . He was going fast through the traffic lights , and when they went red I had to stop . He blocked me with his van so I could n't get away . ` He came up to the van and punching me threatened to kill me , saying he had claimed the building site as his area . ` I was selling there because Sparcells is my area . He was very aggressive and started punching me several times and said he would come to my home . In the end I drove away to get away from him . ' Mr Bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation and went straight to the police station , while Trunfio did a U-turn and sped off . Dispute : Mr Bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation and went straight to the police . Trunfio denied common assault and claimed Mr Bretti had threatened to kill his family and burn his van if he went back to the disputed site . Speaking through an intepreter , he claimed he had seen Mr Bretti at the site that day and his older rival had beckoned him to follow afterwards . He said when they pulled up at the traffic lights , Mr Bretti grabbed his arm before rolling up the window to trap it . He also told the court had sold ice creams in Swindon for ten years and had been at the housing development for two or three months before the incident . He also claimed there had been prior arrangements which meant Mr Bretti would no longer sell at the building site . Trunfio , from Swindon , told the magistrates ' court in Chippenham , Wiltshire : ` In our community , usually each person has an area . There is no law to say you ca n't go to certain places . ` I am not a violent person , but when you have an agreement and someone breaks it , it is like you are being taken for a ride . ` I am an easy person and do not argue with people . If I had hit him it would have been like hitting my own father . ' Disputed site : The two ice cream men argued about who had ownership of the new Ridgeway Farm housing development -LRB- pictured above -RRB- , in Swindon . Blocked : Mr Bretti was stopped on his way out of the housing development by Trunfio , who then hit him . But witnesses to the incident said Trunfio got out and attacked his older rival after driving madly after him . Sarah Miller , who saw the confrontation from her car , said : ` I saw him -LRB- Trunfio -RRB- getting out and coming to the one at the back . ` He did n't look particularly angry until he tried to open the door of the second van . ` He was jumping up and down and trying to go after the other ice cream man . I could see his fists going in and out of the window . ` He got back into his van and carried on shouting through his serving hatch . ' She added : ` I was quite shocked , and very disappointed . I thought if my children had seen that they would have been scared to go to an ice cream van again . ' Magistrates found Trunfio guilty and he was given a 12-month community order with 80 hours of unpaid work and £ 650 costs and ordered to pay £ 75 compensation to Mr Bretti .