Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney 's East . At about 10.30 pm on Saturday night , police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany . Police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him . Scroll down for video . Police officers have shut down an enormous 1000 rave on McPherson Street in Botany , Sydney . Botany Officers received calls to an abandoned industrial area in Sydney 's East where a rave was occurring . On police officer was hit by a bottle and was taken to hospital to have glass removed from his head . They were forced to use capsicum spray on partygoers after the crowd became violent . The male officer was treated at the scene and later had a piece of glass removed from is head at the Prince of Wales Hospital . According to NSW police media police were assisted by back up officers as well as the Riot Squad and Dog Squads . After further safety concerns , Public Order , Operations Support Group and Traffic and Highway patrol were also in attendance . After further safety concerns , Public Order , Operations Support Group and Highway patrol also attended . Most of the partygoers were moved from the scene relatively easily , but a number began to throw glass bottles . A number of the partygoers were treated by ambulance paramedics for minor capsicum spray contamination . Most of the partygoers were moved from the scene relatively easily , but a number began to throw glass bottles , forcing police to resort to capsicum spray . A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer . She is being interviewed by police at Botany Bay Police Station . A number of the partygoers were treated by ambulance paramedics for minor capsicum spray contamination . Police are currently investigating whether the party was advertised on social media .