Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins is now the favourite to replace disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear . A flurry of bets placed on Perkins have propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position , according to bookmakers Coral . It has made her evens for the role , ahead of former X-factor presenter Dermot O'Leary who is 2-1 and British model Jodie Kidd who is third at 5-2 . New host ? Bookmakers Coral have Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins -LRB- left -RRB- as favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson -LRB- right -RRB- as the host of Top Gear . Disgraced : Perkins is evens to take over from Clarkson -LRB- pictured -RRB- who was sacked by the BBC after he struck and verbally abused one of the show 's producers . Favourite : Perkins -LRB- right -RRB- , who hosts the hit baking programme with Mel Giedroyc -LRB- left -RRB- , is ahead of former X-factor presenter Dermot O'Leary and British model Jodie Kidd for the appointment . The firm 's spokesperson Nicola McGeady said : ` This latest gamble suggests that Sue Perkins is being lined up to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear . ` When betting first opened on Clarkson 's successor , it was one-way traffic for Jodie Kidd and now today 's flutter has convinced us that a female is in the driving seat . ' Clarkson 's future at the BBC remains uncertain but he will be back on the channel later this month to host satirical quiz show Have I Got News For You . The corporation investigated the ousted Top Gear presenter after he attacked one of the show 's producers , splitting his lip and abusing him in a 30-second verbal assault on March 4 . He was initially suspended by the broadcaster on March 10 for the attack on Oisin Tymon , before it announced his contract would not be renewed . Prime Minister David Cameron was one of the many famous faces to lend his support to Clarkson in the aftermath , while over one million people signed a petition urging the BBC to reinstate him . But director-general Tony Hall said ` a line has been crossed ' and ` there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . Clarkson will appear on stage with his former Top Gear colleagues Richard Hammond and James May later this year to fulfil a series of shows planned before he left the BBC . Exodus : Clarkson 's departure has sparked rumours that former fellow-presenters Richard Hammond -LRB- left -RRB- and James May -LRB- right -RRB- may also quit the hugely successful show . The gigs will be stripped of all BBC branding and instead be presented as ` Clarkson , Hammond and May Live ' . That means the show which will tour Australia , Norway , South Africa and the UK will not be able to use clips from the show - or even feature The Stig . The move has sparked rumours that all three men could team up to continue their careers together but sources close to the tour claim it is just a matter of fulfilling commitments to the fans . The future of the show 's other two presenters - Hammond and May - is also unclear with both men 's Top Gear contracts having run out .