Employing cheap labour from Asia and having the length of working visas doubled are two ways of combating the childcare shortage in Australia authorities have said . Instead of employing European students on working holidays to act as au pairs industry experts want to attract more workers from Asia where wages are low . Extending au pairs on working holiday visas - who earn $ 250 a week as live-in nannies - to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months is another option . The introduction of Asian nannies to Australia would go some way to help address the childcare shortage it 's been argued . Compared with childcare rates of $ 100 a day or more , overseas nannies and au pairs can provide a cheaper and more flexible option for families with more than one child . The Daily Telegraph reports that Ross Taylor of the Indonesia Institute said provided protections were in place , opening up the au pair system to more workers from Indonesia could help deal with the crisis . ` Indonesia has almost a million people working as au pairs around the world . Many are in countries that are not as safe and secure as Australia , ' he says . Labor Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says foreign nannies are not the solution for increasing problems with the childcare system . ` Why not provide a serious opportunity for women for a safe environment where they can learn English and send money home ? ' Around 10,000 au pairs travel to Australia each year . Parents and au pair agencies complain the six-month rule currently be used is unsettling for families and tough on children particularly those with autism and special needs . By working in Australia nannies from Indonesia and the Philippines can learn English and send money home . However , foreign nannies paid as little as $ 250 a week are not the answer to limited childcare and rising costs , federal Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says . The Productivity Commission has suggested that extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage . Mr Shorten says that 's not the way to solve the big challenges in childcare . Foreign nannies paid as little as $ 250 a week are not the answer to limited childcare , says Mr Shorten . ` I think what we need to do is make sure it 's properly funded , that people can afford to pay it , that the fees are n't getting out of control and of course its good quality for our kids , ' he told the Nine Network on Sunday . Social Services Minister Scott Morrison says the government will examine the Productivity Commission 's recommendations .