Lucy Mecklenburgh shot to fame as one of the postergirls of The Only Way Is Essex - and she 's not the only family member making waves in the modelling world . Lucy , who is the face of Sunkissed , has called on her younger sister Lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for the fake tan brand . Lucy , 23 , and her 19-year-old sister prove that good looks run in the family as they pose in their swimsuits and show off their golden glows in the new shoot . Scroll down for video . TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh called on her younger sister Lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for fake tan brand , Sunkissed . Speaking to FEMAIL about the new campaign , Lucy said : ` It was really lovely working together . We do n't always get to see each other a lot as Lydia is at Uni and I 'm working a lot so it 's definitely brought us closer together . ` We both love getting glammed up with hair and make-up and doing photoshoots together so it was really fun . ' Speaking about her first-ever modelling gig , Lydia added : ` As it was my first campaign it was nice having Lucy there as a bit of support as she knows what she 's doing . ' The sisters , who show off their toned legs in the new shoot , said it was ` really lovely working together ' because they do n't get to see each other often . This is fitness fanatic Lucy 's second campaign for the beauty brand - and she showcases her summer body in the snaps . As well as boosting her energy levels and her mood , Lucy admits that her figure benefits from her healthy lifestyle and says her favourite feature is her ` small waist ' Lucy , who stars in her second campaign for the tanning brand , admitted that she used to overdo it on the orange stuff in her teenage years . The Essex-born star said : ` I definitely think my style has changed over the years . I 've realised that less is definitely more , when it comes to your outfits keep them simple and classy , but still quite fun . ` With my make-up , I 've stripped it back . I do n't wear heavy smokey eyes all the time and my tan has definitely gotten lighter ! I was a little bit orange at school but now I 've realised that you should build up your colour rather than layer it all on in one go . ' Obviously Lucy swears by the product she 's promoting and cites it as her handbag essential . ` I love the smell , ' she said . ` It reminds me of holidays and coconuts . It definitely passes the boyfriend test - he -LRB- Louis Smith -RRB- loves the smell . ' Lucy admitted that she used to overdo it on the orange stuff in her teenage years but has toned it down now . The reality TV star and fitness guru says that she has stripped her make-up back over the years and does n't wear heavy eyeshadow or too much fake tan like she used to at school . As well as working with the beauty brand , Lucy has been busy establishing herself as a fitness guru - even launching Results With Lucy - an online work-out programme . The 23-year-old has been busy filming her latest fitness DVD in the hope to help kick-start a new ` summer body ' fitness regime . And Lucy is certainly a postergirl for the healthy lifestyle she preaches , admitting that working out has become an essential part of her daily life . ` If I 'm having bad day I always have a workout , ' she said . ` It makes you feel good and gets your endorphins going . ' As well as boosting her energy levels and her mood , Lucy admits that her figure benefits from her healthy lifestyle . ` I do love my small waist , ' she said of her best feature . ` I work really hard for it by doing hoola hooping and exercise , but I would absolutely love my sister 's legs ! She has the longest legs in the world and I 'm so jealous . She takes after dad whilst I take after mum on that one . ' As well as working with the beauty brand , Lucy has been busy establishing herself as a fitness guru - even launching Results With Lucy - an online work-out programme - and filming fitness videos . Luckily for Lucy , her Olympic athlete boyfriend , Louis Smith , loves the smell of her fake tan .