A taxi driver has entered the Chinese record books by taking 30,000 selfies with passengers . Teng Jiazhi or ` Uncle Teng , ' from Shenyang , North China , came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30 C. ` They had been standing in the cold for more than an hour for a taxi ' he told reporters from People 's Daily Online . Popular : Teng Jiazhi poses with three passengers in one of the thousands of selfies taken in his cab . Happy snappy : Taxi driver ` Uncle Teng ' and his passengers are all smiles for the cab camera . ` When they got in my car , they kept thanking me and offered tips . But I could not take the extra money , ' said Uncle Teng . ` Before they dropped off , they wanted to take a photo with me . The gratitude they had was very comforting and that photo was the first selfie I took with my passenger . ' Since then the cabby , who starts work at 3 am each day , has kept a camera in his car and captured thousands of happy passengers . On average , he picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him . The 58-year-old then uploads them to his page on a popular Chinese social media website , making him one of the most recognised faces in the region . Passengers have even commented on how his smile always looks the same and Uncle Teng said it is because it comes from within . Say cheese : Passengers comment on how Uncle Teng 's smile is always the same on his thousands of selfies . Infectious smile : Uncle Teng asks passengers for a picture in lieu of a tip in Shenyang , China . Many have said it brightens up their journey and commented on how his smile is contagious . ` Why not live every day with a jolly mood ? ' said Uncle Teng . ` I try my best to help my passengers with their troubles . It takes just a chat , some sing along or a joke to make them happy again . ` A few years ago , an upset young lady got on my taxi and she refused to take a selfie with me . So I started chatting with her . ` I found out that she had a fight with her mum so I sang her a folk song about how mothers always worry . She started sobbing after I finished my song and immediately called her mum to say sorry . ` Before she dropped off , she gracefully took a selfie with me and told me that it was a good day . ' Smile : Passengers pose with phones and balloons in a couple of the thousands of selfie photos Uncle Teng has gathered . Record breaker : Uncle Teng is awarded the Shanghai Big World Jinisi Record for his 30,000 selfies with passengers . Feel good factor : Taxi driver Uncle Teng is happy to have a chat to passengers and asks for a quick snap at the end of the journey . When Uncle Teng first got media attention , he already had 5,494 selfies with passengers and he already had more than 700 followers on Weibo , the Chinese equivalent of Twitter . He challenged himself to get 10,000 selfies for ` Smile Shenyang ' , part of the National Games of the People 's Republic of China that was held in 2013 . ` I have met many taxi passengers who recognised me from the news . I particularly enjoy people calling me Uncle Teng because it is such an intimate name . ' He handpicked 6,402 selfies from his collection for the ` Shanghai Big World Jinisi Record ' featuring passengers came from all over the world and hopes his record will let people see what a happy place Shenyang is . The popular driver has no plans to stop taking she snaps when he retires , saying he will find other ways to make people smile .