A top Queensland barrister with a handsome income will use case law dating back 200 years to try to avoid a $ 146 speeding fine . Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland 's speed-camera laws , The Courier-Mail reports . Mr Morris says he was n't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year . But he wo n't say who was behind the wheel . He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 , arguing it 's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there 's evidence he was not the driver . Scroll down for video . Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland 's speed-camera laws . He says he was in a meeting with top judges when the Volvo was snapped , and they are willing to testify that he was with them . He argues the spousal privilege principle , established in England 200 years ago , means a husband ca n't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife . ` I decline to identify the person who was in charge of the vehicle at the relevant time , ' Mr Morris reportedly wrote in a letter to the Department of Transport . Earlier this year , Mr Morris wrote to federal , state and territory attorneys-general saying he planned to challenge parts of Queensland 's speed-camera laws . Mr Morris is trying to avoid a $ 146 speeding fine in Queensland . Mr Morris argues the spousal privilege principle , established in England 200 years ago , means a husband ca n't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife . Car owners ca n't , under the law , say they know who the driver was but refuse to give a name . Under the laws , the registered owner of a car has two options : name the driver or say they do n't know who was driving . Car owners ca n't , under the law , say they know who the driver was but refuse to give a name . Mr Morris has told The Courier-Mail he ca n't see why he should dob someone in for driving the car when the legislation is invalid . He said the Volvo caught by the speed camera was not his usual car , but would not tell the paper who usually drove it . The case will go to the Court of Appeal within weeks .