Nigel Farage suffered a fresh blow today after a poll of key marginal seats revealed voters were deserting Ukip in droves and returning to Labour and the Tories . In 10 battleground constituencies polled by the Tory peer Lord Ashcroft , Ukip 's vote has fallen in nine . Support for Mr Farage 's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others . Scroll down for video . In 10 battleground constituencies polled by the Tory peer Lord Ashcroft , Ukip 's vote has fallen in nine of them . Support for Mr Farage 's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others . The revelation comes after a leaked poll revealed Mr Farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in Ukip 's heartland in Kent . The Ukip leader has seen his support in Thanet South collapse from a 12 point lead over the Tories . He is now sitting in second place in the Kent constituency , 1 per cent below his Conservative rival Craig Mackinlay and only just ahead of Labour . Today 's polling also mirrors nationwide polls which show that Ukip 's support has fallen by 25 per cent in the last six months alone . In November last year 18 per cent of voters said they were planning to vote for Ukip -- but this has since fallen to less than 12.5 per cent , with polling experts now predicting that it could drop below 10 per cent by next month . Ukip 's dramatic collapse in support has not , however , led to a surge in support for the Tories . According to Lord Ashcroft 's poll of 10 marginal constituencies today , the Tories are set to lose four seats to Labour but cling on in five . A tenth seat is too close to call between the two main Westminster parties . The four seats Labour are set to gain according to Lord Ashcroft are Harrow East , Hove , Morecambe & Linsdale and Stockton South . According to Lord Ashcroft 's poll of 10 marginal constituencies today , the Tories are set to lose four seats to Labour but cling on to at least five . The results suggest Labour has strengthened its position since Lord Ashcroft polled the same constituencies last year , when the party was only picking up three seats from the Tories . The one seat which switched since last time is Harrow East in West London where a small Tory lead has turned a four-point advantage for Labour . But if the General Election was held tomorrow , the Tories would hold on to five of the 10 marginal seats it won in 2010 -- Pendle , Blackpool North & Cleveleys , Loughborough , Kingswood and Gloucester . Comic Al Murray , also known as the Pub Landlord , arrived at Thanet District Council offices in Margate , Kent , today to hand in his nomination papers as he stands in the South Thanet seat against Ukip leader Nigel Farage . With the race in Thanet South going down to the wire , any votes the comic takes from the main candidates could prove costly . Lord Ashcroft has one constituency -- Pudsey -- where Labour and the Tories are tied . But the real shift in the seats , according to the Tory peer 's polling , is the huge squeeze on Ukip 's vote . Lord Ashcroft said : ` The most notable movement across the board in this round of polling was a move towards the two main parties at the expense of UKIP . ` In this group of ten seats , the UKIP share had fallen significantly -- by up to ten points -- in nine of the ten seats polled . ` In only one seat did I find the lead had switched between parties -- Harrow East , where a three-point Conservative lead in December had become a four-point lead for Labour . ' The star of Ukip 's latest election poster has admitted he is not sure he is even going to vote for the party . Tony Rutherford , 59 , features on Nigel Farage 's party 's new poster highlighting the impact of EU laws on coastal communities . The poster , which was launched by the Ukip leader in Grimsby , reads : ` Gutted . Tony 's business has been ripped apart by the EU . ' Nigel Farage unveiled Ukip 's latest campaign poster in support of the fishing industry during campaigning in Grimsby today . The party has vowed to ` reclaim our territorial fishing waters , restore our fishing fleet and introduce sustainable fishing practices ' , as well as withdrawing from the Common Fisheries Policy . Mr Rutherford , who started working full-time in the industry aged 15 , is managing director of Bideford Fisheries in Bideford , north Devon . His business has been badly hit and the quota , which has been blamed for bringing the industry in north Devon to the brink of collapse when skate and ray fishing was halted in October . He praised the work of both Conservative and Ukip politicians locally in north Devon but said he had not decided who he would support on May 7 - wishing he had two votes . Mr Rutherford , a third generation fisherman , said : ` What has been done to UK waters is totally disgusting with the amount of fish that is taken by Europe . ' Mr Rutherford insisted he was supportive of any politician who campaigned to ` get our waters back ' - blaming the EU for the decline of his industry in the UK . He said : ` It 's not political . I 'd support any MP who agrees that we should have our UK waters back under our own control . ' Mr Rutherford said he had not met Mr Farage but praised him as a ` normal working man ' , who likes a drink and a smoke . But he praised the work of Conservative candidate Geoffrey Cox , who is standing for re-election in Torridge and West Devon . He said : ` The local people for Ukip and the Conservatives have done so much for the fishing industry . It 's a pity I do n't have two votes . It will be a very tough choice . '