A father whose 20-year-old daughter was found murdered in Iowa last year made a desperate plea from China for U.S. authorities to do more in tracking down her killer , six months after the girl 's body was discovered . And police in Iowa seem to have now answered it , by issuing a warrant for the girl 's boyfriend , according to reports . Tong Shao , a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University , went missing in September 2014 . After a three week search , police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her Toyota Camry in Iowa City . Shao 's boyfriend , Xiangnan Li , 23 , was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive , however he bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared , CNN reported . Wanted for murder : An arrest warrant has reportedly been issued for , Xiangnan Li , 23 -LRB- right -RRB- , the boyfriend of Tong Shaom 20 -LRB- left -RRB- , a University of Iowa student found murdered in September after going missing . Li had transferred to Iowa from Rochester Institute of Technology to be closer to Tong . The two had meet studying English in Beijing in 2011 . They had checked into a hotel room together on September 5 , 2014 . The pair had stayed at the same hotel three times before and the owner knew them . According to police records obtained by CNN , two days earlier Tong had accidentally called Li - or ` pocket dialed ' him - and he stayed on the line for 30 minutes , overhearing a conversation . Tong was complaining about Li to a friend and said things that ` were not nice ' , the records noted . The owner of the hotel told investigators Li left the hotel either on the night of September 6 or the morning of September 7 , which he said was unusual , because he usually had to tell the couple to leave after the checkout time of 11 am . Li boarded a plane to China in Cedar Rapids , with a stopover in Chicago , on September 8 . He landed September 10 . Before Li left Iowa , a text from his phone was sent to one of Tong 's roommates . ` This message was purportedly from -LRB- Tong -RRB- and read that Li had an emergency in China and was flying back there , that she was going to take a bus to Minnesota to visit friends , and she would return in about a week , ' the police documents stated . On September 9 , Karen Yang , a friend of Li 's sent him a message asking how things were going with Tong . ` Fine for now , ' he replied . Killed : Tong Shao , 20 , was found dead in her Toyota Camry on September 26 at an apartment complex in southeast Iowa City . Police believe she had been in the car for three weeks . Disappeared : Police say Li boarded a plane to China in Cedar Rapids , with a stopover in Chicago , on September 8 , less than two days after his girlfriend was last seen alive . Tong 's roommate , Jean , filed a missing person report on September 18 , when she could n't contact her . Together her roommates reached out to Tong 's friends in Minnesota via social media , however they had not heard from her . On September 26 were body was found in her car parked near a low income housing complex on the outskirts of Iowa City . Residents had reported a foul smell , and responding officers wore Hazmat suits while inspecting the car , KCCI 8 reported at the time . Tong was found in the trunk , where her body had been for about three weeks , and next to her was a 15-pound barbell . An autopsy showed Tong died of asphyxiation and blunt force trauma . A towel from the hotel had been wrapped around her head , according to police records . Inside the car police found copies of Li 's flight information . Scene : Investigators had to don Hazmat suits to inspect Tong 's car . Her body is believed to have been in the trunk for three weeks before they found it . Investigation : Tong died of blunt force trauma and asphyxiation . Her body was wrapped in a towel , and next to it was a 15-pound barbell , police say . Stench : Investigators grimace at the smell emanating from Tong 's car after finding it dumped in September . A search of their hotel room found ` splatters and drips of various dried liquids throughout the room and behind the headboards of the beds , ' the records said , concluding that ` it is possible her death may have occurred in the hotel room ' . Tong 's father , Chunsheng Shao , told CNN he was informed by detectives last month that an arrest warrant had been issued for Li . Li is wanted for the first-degree murder of Tong Shao . Police would not confirm this , saying their investigations are ongoing . While it is the first break in the case since the discovery of Tong 's body , Mr Shao says he wants more to be done in solving his daughter 's murder . Mr Shao and his wife saved $ 100,000 to send their daughter to university , and believed Iowa would be a quiet , safe place for her . ` We 've given all our love to our daughter ' '' Mr Shao said . ` I feel my life is meaningless after losing her . ' Tragic : Tong , a junior chemical engineering student from China , was last seen in Ames more than three weeks before her body was discovered . While the U.S. has strong ties with China , there is no extradition treaty between the two . Legal experts say the most likely outcome is that China would prosecute people within China for crimes committed elsewhere . For Mr Shao , more needs to be done . ` We now plead with you , the U.S. authorities ... share the evidence you have gathered with the Chinese authorities , ' he said . ` This honorable act could very well save the life of other innocent and vulnerable victims , and will most assuredly allow the soul of our precious daughter to be comforted and rest in peace . '