Yoko Ono has led the tributes to John Lennon 's first wife Cynthia calling her a ` wonderful mother ' with a ` strong zest for life ' after she died at the age of 75 following a short battle with cancer . The second wife of the Beatles singer said she was ` very saddened ' by the news , adding that she was ` proud ' how she and Cynthia had ` stood firm in the Beatles family ' . Cynthia , who married Lennon after meeting him in college , died yesterday at her home in Spain . A message on her son Julian 's website said he was at her beside throughout , and the family ` are thankful for your prayers ' . Scroll down for video . Yoko Ono has led the tributes to John Lennon 's first wife Cynthia , posting this photo of the two women with their sons Sean and Julian . She wrote underneath : ` When we were very happy together ' Cynthia Lennon , who died at her home in Spain yesterday , later penned memoirs of her time with her famous husband , who eventually left her for Yoko Ono . This memorial website set up for her by her family carried an image of her surrounded by a love heart and a brief statement explaining she had died after a ` short but brave ' battle with cancer . In the statement , Yoko said : ` I 'm very saddened by Cynthia 's death . She was a great person and a wonderful mother to Julian . ` She had such a strong zest for life and I felt proud how we two women stood firm in the Beatles family . Please join me in sending love and support to Julian at this very sad time . ' Yoko also posted a picture which had been taken in 2010 of the two women with their sons , Julian and Sean . She captioned the picture : ` When we were very happy together . ' Cynthia Lennon , nee Powell , married Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to global stardom with The Beatles until the couple divorced in 1968 . But the pair divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband 's relationship with the Japanese artist . Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr added their condolences . Writing on his website , McCartney , 72 , said : ` She was a lovely lady who I 've known since our early days together in Liverpool . She was a good mother to Julian and will be missed by us all , but I will always have great memories of our times together . ' Left , a rare photograph taken during a private family holiday shows the couple relaxing on a boat . Right , Cynthia and her and Lennon 's son Julian are pictured together at a show in 2006 . John Lennon and Cynthia board a flight from Heathrow to New York in 1964 before thousands of adoring fans . Starr , 74 , tweeted : ` Peace and love to Julian Lennon God bless Cynthia love Ringo and Barbara xx . ' John Lennon and Cynthia met at college and married just as Lennon 's career with The Beatles propelled him to fame . Julian also tweeted a picture of his mother , who was 75 , inside a heart with the message ` In Loving Memory ' . He also posted a moving video tribute to his late mother with a song he had written in her honor . ` You gave your life for me , you gave your life for love , ' it begins , showing footage of him as a young boy with his parents . It also shows footage of Cynthia with John during the early days of Beatlemania . ` The love you left behind will carry on , ' Julian sings in a style influenced by his late father . It concludes with the words : ` I know you 're safe above . ' Cynthia met Lennon at art school in Liverpool in 1957 and the couple married just before Beatlemania transformed her husband from a jobbing musician into one of the most famous men in the world . At the height of the Beatles ' early success , she was kept so far in the background that many of Lennon 's female fans were not even aware of her existence , and she stayed at home bringing up Julian while the Fab Four toured the world and topped the charts . Cynthia Lennon pictured with The Beatles in 1964 during their rose to global stardom . The couple -LRB- pictured together left and right in 1964 -RRB- divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband 's relationship with Yoko Ono . Cynthia Lennon grew up in a middle-class community on the Wirral , met John Lennon while they were both students at the Liverpool College of Art . The pair married in 1962 , when Cynthia was just 22 , after she became pregnant with their son Julian . Beatles ' members George Harrison , Paul McCartney , and The Beatles ' manager , Brian Epstein - who was best man - all attended . The Lennons bought Kenwood , then a 22-bedroom home , in Weybridge , Surrey , for £ 20,000 in 1964 . Kenwood became the place to visit for the other Beatles , various American musicians and total strangers that Lennon had met the previous night in London nightclubs . While she had suspicions of Lennon 's infidelity over the years , with friends telling her that Lennon had had numerous affairs as far back as their time together at art college in Liverpool , Cynthia ignored the warnings . The Lennons ' marriage troubles came to a head in February 1968 when Lennon drunkenly confessed to sleeping with other women during their marriage . Lennon suggested Cynthia take a holiday with friends . She returned to find her husband sitting across from Yoko Ono on the floor - staring into each other 's eyes . In one of her book 's she wrote that she then found Yoko 's slippers outside their bedroom door - shocked and upset she left the house to stay with friends . The couple share a laugh together in 1964 . Cynthia later described her role in their relationship as like a ` walk on part ' In later years , Cynthia wrote in her book of how she was mistreated by Lennon as he soared to fame . The Beatles ' only authorised biographer , Hunter Davies , said the couple 's friends at art school never thought the relationship would last because they were such different characters . Cynthia Lennon , pictured in 1968 , divorced from the hit songwriter after he met Yoko Ono . After years of trouble , the marriage finally ended in August 1968 when Yoko Ono discovered she was pregnant . Fearing a lengthy divorce process , the couple settled outside of court , with Lennon agreeing to pay Cynthia £ 100,000 and give her custody of Julian . The divorce prompted Paul McCartney to pen the Beatles ' classic Hey Jude to help Julian cope with his parents ' separation . He changed the name Julian to Jude in the song . The line ` take a sad song and make it better , ' is about the Lennons ' broken marriage and its impact on their son . Cynthia learned of Lennon 's death on 8 December 1980 , while she was staying with friends in London . She married Italian hotelier Roberto Bassanini in 1970 , divorcing him in 1973 . In 1976 , she married John Twist , an engineer from Lancashire , but divorced him in 1983 . In an interview to publicise one of her books , 2005 's John , she told Good Morning America : ` I have read so many books and seen so many films , and it 's like we do n't really exist . We are like walk-on parts in his life . We did spend 10 years together . ' Recalling their early days , she said : ` You could n't resist being around him . You could n't resist watching what he was up to . I mean , he was a total rebel . Everybody was amazed by him . ' Author Hunter Davies , who wrote the only authorized Beatles biography in 1968 , described Cynthia as a ` lovely woman ' . He said that unlike John , she was ` quiet and reserved and calm ' and ` not a hippy at all . ' He said their friends at art school never thought the relationship would last because they were so different . In her book , Cynthia described being mistreated by John . Julian was their only child together . He said : ` When I was writing the book I spent two years with them , visiting her home and spending time with her . ` I think it was the attraction of opposites between them . When they got together at art school everyone was amazed - she was seen as refined and reserved and nobody thought they would last . A never-before-seen dossier detailing the bitter breakdown of John Lennon 's marriage to his first wife Cynthia was uncovered in February after nearly 50 years . The five-page document , drafted by the solicitors dealing with the Beatle 's divorce in 1968 , reveals details of his increasing drug use and his affair with Yoko Ono . It centres on claims made by Dorothy Jarlett , Lennon 's housekeeper of four years , on what she saw while working at the Lennon family home Kenwood in Weybridge , Surrey . The papers detail his mood swings , aggressive behaviour towards his young son Julian and heated arguments between him and Cynthia . Mrs Jarlett describes how Yoko Ono would visit the country pile while Cynthia was out of the country , and how she once found the pair in bed together . She reveals how Lennon became nonchalant towards his wife around 1967 - five years after they tied the knot - when the Beatles were at the height of their fame . She said Lennon was uninterested in playing the father figure role and that he would smack Julian if he misbehaved . The statement was made to Herbert Oppenheimer , Nathan and Vandyk - a firm of solicitors in London employed by Cynthia following the breakdown of the marriage . The document has never been seen before because Lennon and Cynthia settled out of court , with Lennon agreeing to pay her £ 100,000 and give her custody of Julian . Cynthia and her son Julian pictured together in 2006 at the opening of The Beatles ' LOVE by Cirque du Soleil . Cynthia was often left to look after the couple 's son Julian -LRB- pictured together in 2011 -RRB- at home by herself as Lennon traversed the globe with The Beatles . The mother and son , who were extremely close , attend the unveiling of the John Lennon monument in 2010 . Julian yesterday released a moving song written in tribute to his mother . The two remained close right up to her death .