Sophie English was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family . There has been very little information to help Ms English find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up and for more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage . She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC 's Foreign Correspondent reporter Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers . Scroll down for video . Sophie English -LRB- right -RRB- with another adoptee Le My Huong who has since found her mother and moved back to Vietnam . The last time Ms English had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old . Despite being grateful for the opportunity to call herself Australian , she has always struggled with the pain of not knowing her birth mother and wondering what her life could have been . ` If you think about it too long it could make you cry because ... there are n't words that could convey it , ' Ms English told the ABC . ` I might 've been on the boats , fishing and I would be working really hard like them , but I would have that sense of family . Ms English pictured here with some snakes in Truong Long village , Vietnam on her trip with Foreign Correspondent . Ms English -LRB- pictured with Ms My Huong and ABC journalist Sally Sara -RRB- goes on a journey to re-connect with her mother land , Vietnam . ` I would probably have grandchildren by now and I would have that deep need in me fulfilled . ' Journalist Sally Sara told Daily Mail Australia Ms English 's story was not about finding her mother but finding ` peace with her mother land ' . While they were in Vietnam , Ms English got the chance to meet another adoptee , Le My Huong , who had a similar story to hers . Ms Le has been lucky enough to find her mother and has since moved back to Vietnam to be with her family . Sara said Ms English and Ms Le meeting for the first time was a profound moment in their journey . ` That was probably most raw and powerful moment of the whole story when Sophie got to sit down with My Huong 's mum , ' Sara told Daily Mail Australia . ` This was the first time -LSB- Sophie -RSB- had met with a Vietnamese mother who had given up a child during the war . ' Children play on the beaches of Vung Tau , one of the places Ms English visited during her visit . A crowded beach in Vung Tau in Vietnam - the country where Ms English was sent to Australia for adoption when she was 10 months old . Young women posing in Ho Chi Minh city , formally known as Saigon , which was one of the main locations of conflict during the Vietnam War . Sara said it was very moving to see the exchange between Ms English and My Huong 's mother . ` Sophie wanted to ask My Huong 's mum what it was like to give up a child and how hard that was , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` The most important thing Sophie could n't say these things to her mother -LSB- instead -RSB- she held onto My Huong 's mum 's hand -LSB- and said -RSB- as adoptees we do n't blame you , you did what you had to do and do n't feel guilty about that and be proud of the lives we had . ' Sara said she was not sure if the trip gave Ms English the closure she needed to move on but had given her valuable insight on how to move forward . ` How could you ever extinguish hope of finding your mother ? ' she said . ' -LSB- Sophie -RSB- was pretty amazing . She said she cried more in two weeks than her whole life . ` I would say Sophie 's a very strong , intelligent woman and I really admire the way that she 's handled this whole situation . ' Foreign Correspondent airs on Tuesday from 8 pm on ABC .