Ed Miliband faced ridicule last night after privately billing himself as the ` happy warrior ' ahead of last week 's televised Election debate . The Labour leader 's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ` relish the chance to show who I am ' . And in handwritten notes , Mr Miliband appears to exhort himself to ` use the people at home ' . Embarrassingly for the Labour leader , the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios where Mr Miliband clashed with David Cameron , Nick Clegg and four other party leaders . Scroll down for video . Embarrassing : Ed Miliband faced ridicule last night after privately billing himself as the ` happy warrior ' ahead of last week 's televised Election debate . Mr Miliband faced criticism last week for his ` stiff ' , mannered performance -- including turning to look straight into the TV camera shortly after each question from the studio audience . But his discarded notes , according to the Sun on Sunday , reveal the extraordinary lengths he went to in his determined bid to get the better of his political opponents . One note appears to explain why Mr Miliband smiled serenely every time he came under fire . It read : ` Happy warrior , calm , never agitated . ' Last night , Labour sources suggested that was a reference to the poem The Character Of The Happy Warrior by William Wordsworth . In a further self-motivational message , Mr Miliband , pictured during the debate as Natalie Bennet speaks , also wrote the words ` negative ' and ` positive ' connected by an arrow . But the notes also betray the vital importance for the Labour leader of landing a blow on the Prime Minister -- and contrasting himself with Mr Cameron . He wrote ` me versus DC ' , followed by ` decency , principle and values ' . In a further self-motivational message , Mr Miliband also wrote the words ` negative ' and ` positive ' connected by an arrow . The Labour leader 's notes also reveal that several of his most successful ripostes were carefully scripted in advance . Last night , a Labour spokesman said : ` These notes will come as no surprise . They explain why and how Ed took on David Cameron over the NHS and living standards ' Looking down : Labour Party leader Ed Miliband leaves MediaCityUK in Salford following the televised leaders ' election debate . For example , after Mr Cameron reminded the Labour leader of his alleged plan to ` weaponise ' the NHS , Mr Miliband 's quickfire retort -- ` I would say to everybody at home : Use your vote as a weapon to fight for the future of the health service ' -- was drawn virtually word for word from his notes . Last night , a Labour spokesman said : ` These notes will come as no surprise . They explain why and how Ed took on David Cameron over the NHS and living standards . ` They also show how Ed set out a positive vision for the future with Labour 's better plan , including on zero-hours contracts , lower tuition fees and rents . ' Our surveys said : After four opinion polls were released , the average poll of polls put Mr Cameron narrowly ahead on 22 per cent , with 21.5 per cent saying Mr Miliband won , 21 per cent backing Mr Farage and 20 per cent favouring Miss Sturgeon .