The U.S. put the first man on the moon , but in a strange twist of history it appears the Russians may have beat America in settling Oregon . Experts proposed this new theory in a recently released 200-page report on the Molalla Log Cabin , a structure they believe could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean . Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years and say it is unlike anything else found in Oregon . Secrets hidden in wood : Experts believe the Molalla Log House -LRB- above -RRB- was constructed as early as 1795 - a decade before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean . One of a kind : The construction of the log cabin is unlike pioneer building methods at the time - suggesting it was instead made by foreigners . Russians in America : Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden believe the house could have been used by a small settlement of Russians sent to the Willamette Valley as farmers to feed fur traders in Alaska . Passion project : Gregg Olson -LRB- pictured -RRB- , of Historic Building Repair , has spend seven years working on the Molalla Log Cabin . The cabin 's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods , suggesting it was created by foreigners , and more specifically Russians . The way the logs are tightly interwoven , secured without nails and leaving no gaps to fill , is similar to Russian log cabins of the same time period , when Catherine the Great was sending envoys to Alaska to boost the fur trade . Olson and Hayden hypothesize that the 18-foot-wide cabin could have been a home for a small group of 10 to 50 Russian settlers sent to Oregon 's Willamette Valley as farmers to feed the fur trappers on Alaska 's Kodiak Island . Looking for a home : Above , a view of the cabin before its roof collapsed and it was moved indoors in 2008 . Olson and Hayden are currently trying to find a permanent place to house the cabin . The first mobile home : Olson discovered that the original builders of the cabin wrote numbers into the boards , so that the structure could be disassembled and reassembled . Expert craftsmanship : The boards fit perfectly together so that nothing is needed to fill in the gaps and winterize the structure for winter . Many uses : Throughout its storied life , the Molalla Log Cabin has been used as a home , animal shelter , machine shed and granary . Preserved : The structure was made a historical landmark in 1991 and moved in doors in 2007 when the wood was starting to succumb to the elements . Current home : Above , the structure as it sits today in a storage facility where Olson has been working to preserve the cabin . ` The unique construction and extraordinary craftsmanship of the Molalla Log House offer fascinating clues to a mystery that we did n't even know existed about the earliest white exploration and settlement of the Pacific Northwest , ' Peggy Moretti , executive director of Restore Oregon , a non-profit helping fund the research , told the Oregonian . ` It may well add a new chapter to our history and we hope more evidence will be uncovered to further substantiate Pam and Gregg 's very compelling theory , ' Moretti added . Olson and Hayden are now hoping to find a permanent location to house the structure , as well as someone with a deeper knowledge of European construction to analyze the cabin . Russian expansion : Russian merchant Grigory Shelikhov founded a fur trading settlement on Kodiak Island in 1784 . Above , a rendering of the port . Business on the Alaska frontier : Above , a 1794 drawing of the Russian fur trading post in Kodiak , Alaska . Tsarina : Russia 's Catherine the Great encouraged the expansion of her empire to Alaska for fur trading . Above , a map shows where Russian traders set up fur trading business in Alaska , and their possible farming settlement near Molalla Oregon . Throughout its storied life , the Molalla Log Cabin has been used as a home , animal shelter , machine shed and granary . It was made a historic landmark in 1991 and moved to a storage facility in 2008 to protect it from further erosion . The oldest evidence of habitation in are the Fort Rock and Paisley Caves in Lake County , Oregon , which date back 13,200 years . By 8,000 BC there were settlements throughout the state . The first Europeans to venture to Oregon were led by Spanish explorer Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo in 1543 . By the 1770s , Oregon had become a valuable port for trading to Asia . In the wake of Lewis and Clark 's expedition , which reached the Pacific Ocean in November 1805 , French Canadian trappers and missionaries started arriving in the eastern part of the state . Their presence in Oregon 's early pioneer history is evidence in the many French names throughout the state including Malheur Lake , the Grade Ronde and Deschutes rivers and the city of La Grande .