The Boy Scouts ' New York chapter said Thursday that it has hired the nation 's first openly gay Eagle Scout as a summer camp leader , which is in public contrast to the national scouting organization 's ban on openly gay adult members . The Boy Scouts ' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier , an 18-year-old Eagle Scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders . Board member Richard G. Mason said the councils see Tessier as ` an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader . ' Scroll down for video . Boy Scout Pascal Tessier , 18 , center left , and his brother Lucien Tessier , 20 , who had earned the rank of Eagle Scout , pose for a portrait with their parents , Oliver Tessier , left , and Tracie Felker , at their home . On Thursday the Boy Scouts New York chapter announced it hired Pascal Tessier as the nation 's first openly gay Eagle Scout as a summer camp leader . ` We welcome him , ' Mason said in a statement . The Boy Scouts of America did n't immediately respond to an inquiry about the hire . The national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts , but not adults as leaders , after a bitter debate over its membership policy . The change took effect in January 2014 . Advocates for letting gays participate in scouting hailed Tessier 's hire . ` This is a watershed moment , ' Zach Wahls , executive director of Scouts for Equality , said in a statement . ` We are proud to see such an important Boy Scout council standing up for the full inclusion of gay members . ' When the national Boy Scouts began allowing gay boys as scouts , liberal Scout leaders and gay rights groups celebrated the shift but called for allowing gay adults to participate , too . Conservatives involved with the Scouts , including some churches that sponsor troops , decried letting any gays -- including kids -- participate , and some threatened to defect if the ban were lifted . The Boy Scouts of America has said it does n't `` proactively inquire '' about members ' sexual orientation -- in effect , a form of ` do n't ask , do n't tell . ' Tessier 's hiring is in contrast to the national scouting organizationís ban on openly gay adult members . But it has expelled adults who were open about it , including a gay troop leader in Seattle who was removed last year after he disclosed his orientation during a TV interview . Regardless , some local Boy Scout councils have let it be known they are open to gay employees , but the New York councils ' move presents an unusually acute departure from the national policy . The 103-year-old New York group says it has never denied membership to a youth or adult based on sexual orientation , and it did n't want its policy to be affected by the national group 's stance . The New York councils serve over 46,000 scouts . Tessier achieved scouting 's highest rank last year after being one of the most prominent openly gay scouts speaking out to change the ban on gay participation . The Kensington , Maryland , teen said then he was relieved finally to have his Eagle badge approved by the Scouts ' national headquarters in Irving , Texas . ` Even if I had been kicked out along the way , I would n't have changed anything , ' he said . ` The whole experience was something worth having , not only for myself but also for all the other people involved -- and for all the people it affects . '