Burnley boss Sean Dyche has told striker Danny Ings to keep on smiling - and the goals will return . The relegation-battling Clarets have struggled for goals in recent weeks , despite some gritty performances , scoring just once in six games . The hotly-rated Ings , whose future beyond the end of the season has been the subject of considerable speculation , has not found the net in seven appearances . Danny Ings has found goals hard to come by in recent weeks as he looks to try and fire Burnley to safety . Dyche hopes the barren spell is not weighing too heavily on the 23-year-old 's mind and has urged him to focus on enjoying his game . Dyche said : ` He 's a bright young lad . He 's a very good player and a good young lad who is grounded . ` But you ca n't actually get inside someone . When that whistle blows it 's down to them to remind themselves of that freedom I speak about . I want players to play that way . ` His biggest thing is he puts a lot of demand on himself - and that can be a weakness as well as a strength . It 's good that he has a thirst to improve , as do a lot of the players . But it has to be balanced with that enjoyment . Sean Dyche is confident that if Ings starts to enjoy playing more , then the goals will flow for the striker . ` I often say to him , play with a smile and I 've told him he 's best when he does . We 're looking to him to continue doing that . ' Burnley 's battling performances have earned plaudits and despite the lack of goals , they have collected five points from a tough run of eight games . Amid that run they have beaten Manchester City and taken points off Chelsea and Tottenham . They are in the bottom three but just two points from safety and Dyche is backing his forwards to come good again . He said : ` There 's certainly not pressure -LRB- on the strikers -RRB- from me . We ventured down this road early season when the goals did n't come as freely then we had a good patch over the Christmas period . ` We have scored goals and been productive in front of goal . It 's about reminding the players what it takes to do that , different ways of doing that and how we can affect games . ' The 23-year-old has had an impressive season nonetheless , scoring nine goals in his debut top-flight year . Ashley Barnes -LRB- right -RRB- says he 's forgotten about the Nemanja Matic incident and moved on . Striker Ashley Barnes insists confidence remains high among the group . Barnes said : ` We are in this together . We are striving for one thing - to stay in this league come the end of the season . That is the main aim . ` The positivity around the group and the staff remains the same and hopefully will continue . ' Barnes has found himself in the spotlight of late following his controversial tackle on Chelsea 's Nemanja Matic . The 25-year-old escaped punishment but Matic was sent off for his reaction to the challenge in a heated confrontation . Barnes says that incident is now behind him . ` It has gone , ' he said . ` I moved on a while back . I am just concentrating on staying in this league . '