Cancer-stricken basketball player Lauren Hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $ 1.5 million . Lauren , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children 's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor . She has expressed her desire to help others there as she continues to fight her disease . During her senior year of high school , Lauren was diagnosed with DIPG -LRB- Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma -RRB- , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent . Scroll down for video . Tracking her progress : Lauren Hill 's mother Lisa posts photos of her daughter along with . Made It : Lauren Hill , 19 , made it through a full season with the Mount St. Joseph 's women 's basketball team while raising more than $ 1.5 million for research into the type of brain tumor that will likely end her life . But she still made it through a full season at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati while raising more than $ 1.5 million for others with her condition . CBS reports that Hill has a new goal which is to raise a total of $ 2.2 million for treatment and research . Her mother Lisa updates her followers on the Facebook page for Lauren 's Fight For Cure about her daughter 's progress and said that Lauren had a wonderful Easter but that she is still struggling . ` Not much has change in Laurens status since she aired on The View . Occasional headache and still very tired but humor remains intact when she can work it in . This week we are getting ready for Easter and have been enjoying some time in the spring sunshine . Some of her teammates decided to get things hopping to make sure she was ready for Sunday . Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend , ' Lisa wrote on April 1 . Blonde for Easter : Despite Lauren 's disease getting worse , she has posted photos of herself on Facebook . Most recently on April 7 Lauren 's mother Lisa wrote , ` Today was Brent 's Birthday . Lauren greeted him this morning with a huge smile and open arms . Hugs for dad on his birthday . I so wish with all my heart I could give him the gift he really wished for . What we all wish for ... . The CURE ! My heart is breaking and I wish someone would wake us all up from this nightmare . ' Lauren has maintained her resilient spirit throughout this tragic struggle even though doctors have not yet found a cure . Lauren recently appeared on ABC 's The View where she spoke about basketball and her condition . Fun times : Lauren is pictured in the hospital on St. Patrick 's Day where she seemed to be in good spirits . ` You 're supposed to make the best of every moment , but it 's hard . It 's really , really hard , ' Lauren told a WCPO crew that helped set up her interview . Lauren fails to give up in spite of her condition . In September 2014 , Hill 's doctor told her she would not live past December , FOX reports . But Hill drastically defied expectations . She played four basketball games with her team early in the season , making five layups . As her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach , attending games when possible . She tires easily now and needs to use a wheelchair often . Diagnosed : During her senior year of high school , Hill -LRB- left and right -RRB- was diagnosed with DIPG -LRB- Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma -RRB- , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent . The NCAA granted permission to move up the school 's opening game because of her worsening condition , and she made a layup for the first basket in a game at Xavier University 's 10,000-seat arena . The team had planned to have its annual end-of-the-season banquet on Feb. 22 -- a date that matches Hill 's uniform number -- but the final game got pushed back because of the weather . Hill was getting treated at Cincinnati Children 's Hospital . So the team decided to take the banquet to the hospital , using a meeting room . Instead of having a big meal and awards , the players got sandwiches and spent time together . ` We were going to get something to eat , show up , talk about the season and celebrate being with each other , ' Benjamin said . The team wore special gray jerseys for the first game at Xavier 's arena . The NCAA prohibits schools from giving gifts to players , so they bought them for $ 22 , another way to support Hill 's fundraising for cancer research . Hill signed each of the jerseys at the banquet . In a recent interview with WKRC-TV , Hill said , ` Life is precious . ... Every moment you get with someone is a moment that 's blessed , really blessed . ' Last year : Mount St. Joseph 's Lauren Hill , left , smiles at Pat Summitt last November after receiving the Pat Summitt Award during halftime of her first NCAA college basketball game against Hiram University . Never give up : Lauren , picture on March 22 , is vowing to never give up her battle with rare brain cancer . A team player : Lauren is working with her doctors and family to fight the disease that will likely kill her . Life : Doctors did n't expect Hill -LRB- center at hospital -RRB- to live this long with the tumor , which folds around parts of her brain .