Nasa has spotted an exoplanet 13,000 light-years away , making it one of the most distant planets ever found . Known as ` Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb , ' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile . The planet is half as massive as Jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way . Astronomers have spotted one of the most distant planets ever found . Known as ` Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb , ' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile . Most of the planets we know about are around 10-100 times closer . The planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing . This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another , and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star 's light . If that foreground star happens to have a planet in orbit around it , the planet might cause a blip in the magnification . Astronomers are using these blips to find and characterise planets tens of thousands of light-years away in the central bulge of our galaxy , where star crossings are more common . Most of the planets we know about are around 10-100 times closer than Ogle-2014-BLG-0124 , claims Jennifer Yee of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics . ` We do n't know if planets are more common in our galaxy 's central bulge or the disk of the galaxy , which is why these observations are so important , ' she added . The discovery demonstrates that Spitzer - from its unique perch in space - can be used to help solve the puzzle of how planets are spread out in our galaxy . The planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing . This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another , and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star 's light . If that foreground star happens to have a planet in orbit around it , the planet might cause a blip in the magnification . Astronomers are using these blips to find and characterise planets tens of thousands of light-years away in the central bulge of our galaxy , where star crossings are more common . Our sun is located in the suburbs of the galaxy , about two-thirds of the way out from the centre . The microlensing technique as a whole has yielded about 30 planet discoveries so far , with the farthest residing about 25,000 light-years away . ` Microlensing experiments are already detecting planets from the solar neighborhood to almost the center of the Milky Way , ' said co-author Andrew Gould of The Ohio State University , Columbus . ` And so they can , in principle , tell us the relative efficiency of planet formation across this huge expanse of our galaxy . ' This infographic explains how the Spitzer Space Telescope can be used in tandem with a telescope on the ground to measure the distances to planets . The planet was dicovered via microlensing which happens when one star passes in front of another , and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify the more distant star 's light . Microlensing complements other planet-hunting tools , such as the Kepler mission , which has found more than 1,000 planets closer to home . But it faces one key problem : This method ca n't always precisely narrow down the distance to the stars and planets being observed . While a passing star may magnify the light of a more distant star , it rarely can be seen itself , making the task of measuring how far away it is challenging . Of the 30 planets discovered with microlensing so far , roughly half can not be pinned down to a precise location . The result is like a planetary treasure map lacking in X 's . That 's where Spitzer can help out , thanks to its remote Earth-trailing orbit . Spitzer circles our sun , and is currently about 128 million miles -LRB- 207 million km -RRB- away from Earth . That 's farther from Earth than Earth is from our sun . When Spitzer watches a microlensing event simultaneously with a telescope on Earth , it sees the star brighten at a different time , due to the large distance between the two telescopes and their unique vantage points . This technique is generally referred to as parallax . ` Spitzer is the first space telescope to make a microlens parallax measurement for a planet , ' said Yee . Data from the microlensing event is seen here . If the foreground star is circled by a planet , the planet 's gravity can alter the magnification over a shorter period , seen in the plot in the form of spikes and a dip . ` Traditional parallax techniques that employ ground-based telescopes are not as effective at such great distances . ' Using space telescopes to observe microlensing events is tricky . Ground telescopes send out alerts to the astronomy community when an event starts , but the activity can quickly fade , lasting on average about 40 days . In the case of the newfound planet , the duration of the microlensing event happened to be unusually long , about 150 days . Both Spitzer and Ogle 's telescopes detected the telltale planetary blip in the magnification , with Spitzer seeing it 20 days earlier . This time delay between viewing of the event by Ogle and Spitzer was used to calculate the distance to the star and its planet . Knowing the distance allowed the scientists also to determine the mass of the planet , which is about half that of Jupiter . ` We 've mainly explored our own solar neighborhood so far , ' said Sebastiano Calchi Novati , a Visiting Sagan Fellow at Nasa 's Exoplanet Science Institute . ` Now we can use these single lenses to do statistics on planets as a whole and learn about their distribution in the galaxy . '