The Parole Board is reviewing the case of Colin Pitchfork , who was jailed for life in 1988 on the basis of DNA evidence after raping and killing two schoolgirls . The Parole Board is reviewing the case of a murderer who was the first man to be convicted on the basis of DNA evidence . Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls . He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her on a deserted footpath in the Leicestershire village of Narborough in 1983 . Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth , also 15 , less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda . Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages . He received a 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 years in 2009 , meaning he was supposed to be eligible for release next year . A spokesman for the Parole Board said : ` We can confirm that the Secretary of State for Justice has referred the case of Colin Pitchfork to the Parole Board for a review of his suitability for release . ` If the Board does not direct his release , it has been asked to advise the Secretary of State on his suitability for open conditions -LRB- Category D prison -RRB- . ' Once a case has been referred to the Board , it usually takes around six months before a decision is issued , meaning the double murderer could be out this year . Pitchfork argued at his 2009 appeal against his sentence that the 30 years was ` manifestly ' excessive . He was jailed at Leicester Crown Court in 1988 after pleading guilty to two counts of murder , two of rape , two of indecent assault and one of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice . Announcing the decision to reduce the minimum term by two years in 2009 , the then Lord Chief Justice , Lord Judge , said the appeal was being allowed to a ` very restricted and limited extent relating to exceptional progress in custody ' . He emphasised that the decision ` has no bearing whatever on the continuing effect of the sentence of life imprisonment on the appellant ' . The judge added : ` He can not be released unless and until the safety of the public is assured . ' Former Lord Chief Justice Lord Judge ruled in 2009 that Pitchfork should not be released until the public could be assured it was safe . After the world 's first mass screening for DNA - where 5,000 men in three villages were asked to volunteer blood or saliva samples - Pitchfork was eventually caught . The Lord Chief Justice at the time said after he was jailed that ` from the point of view of the safety of the public I doubt if he should ever be released ' . Lord Judge said in 2009 that Pitchfork 's progress since he was first incarcerated ` goes far beyond general good behaviour and positive response to his custodial sentence , but reflects very creditable assistance to disabled individuals outside the prison system ' . He added : ` On the evidence before us he has sought to address the reasons behind the commission of these offences . He has achieved a high standard of education , to degree level . ` In 20 years in custody he has never been placed on report and he is trusted to help with the well-being of fellow inmates . ' Lord Judge said : ` Beyond all that he has made himself a specialist in the transcription of printed music into Braille , thus using the opportunities he has taken to educate himself in prison to the benefit of others . ` This is an intensely specialised skill and his work is used throughout this country and internationally with the support of the RNIB . ' Lord Judge said the court could not ` identify any sufficient reason ' why the exceptional progress made ` should not be recognised and given practical effect in the assessment now to be made of the minimum term to be served by the appellant ' , and reduced it by two years . On November 22 , 1983 , the body of 15-year-old Lynda Mann was found raped and strangled on a deserted footpath running between a cemetery and a psychiatric hospital in the Leicestershire village of Narborough . Almost three years later , in July 1986 , the body of another 15-year-old , Dawn Ashworth , from nearby Enderby , was found in almost identical circumstances in a wooded area , less than a mile from the scene of Lynda 's murder . The dead girl had been taking a shortcut home from school instead of her usual route , but there can be little doubt that her assailant , believing he had ` got away with it ' once , was on the look-out for other teenagers to assault , terrorise and murder in the same way . Initially , a local man confessed to the second murder and his blood was found to be the same group as blood found at the scene . There can be no doubt that had it not been for advances in science , he would have been convicted while Colin Pitchfork remained free . However , two years later , semen samples found at the crime scenes were used to match the DNA of Pitchfork , a baker and convicted flasher . He became the first criminal in the world to be convicted based on DNA fingerprinting , following the first mass screening of 5,000 men in three neighbouring villages .