The Queen was today joined by her husband the Duke of Edinburgh as she met the Canadian Highlanders to mark the bravery of the country 's servicemen and women in the First World War . Her Majesty , who looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress , was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the reception in Trafalgar Square , central London . During the First World War commemorations , the monarch posed for a photograph with The Calgary Highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while Prince Philip sat for a portrait with The Royal Hamilton Light Infantry . Her Majesty The Queen looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress was joined by the Duke of Edinburgh at a reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square , London today . The Queen signs the visitors ' book as she attends a reception for the Calgary Highlanders , Royal Hamilton Light Infantry and Canadian Scottish Regiment at Canada House - home of the Canadian High Commission . Her Majesty was joined at the event by her husband Prince Philip and her cousin Princess Alexandra -LRB- right -RRB- . During the commemorations , the monarch posed for a photograph with The Calgary Highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - -LRB- pictured -RRB- while Prince Philip sat for a portrait with The Royal Hamilton Light Infantry . Several descendants of those of who fought in battle and current service personnel also attended the reception at Canada House , which is the home of the Canadian High Commission . The event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief . The Queen wore a special diamond-encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch for the occasion , fashioned in the shape of the cap badge of The Calgary Highlanders for whom she is Colonel-in-Chief . The brooch was a token created especially for her by the regiment who are among a trio of Canadian military units who are on a European pilgrimage to mark the centenary of the 2nd Battle of Ypres , specifically the Battle of Saint Julien and Kitcheners Wood . Today 's reception formed one of the highlights of events marking the centenary of First World War battles which are being commemorated by the trio of regiments , according to Canada 's High Commissioner Gordon Campbell . The Second Battle of Ypres was the first time Germany used chemical weapons on a large scale on the Western Front in the First World War . The Queen , who attended with husband the Duke of Edinburgh -LRB- left -RRB- wore a special diamond-encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch for the occasion , fashioned in the shape of the cap badge of The Calgary Highlanders . The Duke of Edinburgh meets guests during the reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square earlier today . The Queen , accompanied by Prince Philip , is saluted as she leaves Canada House following the reception . Today 's reception formed one of the highlights of events marking the centenary of First World War battles which are being commemorated by the trio of regiments , according to High Commissioner Gordon Campbell . The Duke of Edinburgh smiles as he is saluted during his exit from Canada House following today 's reception . Mr Campbell said : ` It is always exceptional when Her Majesty comes and joins us at Canada House , particularly now as this is the 100 year anniversary of the bestowing of the first military honours to Canadians . ` You can just feel , in the room , how important it is to everyone that she is here . ` It is really an honour and it is the sort of commemorative activity that is important to the soldiers and the service people who are involved . ' Honorary Colonel Richard Talbot , of the Canadian Scottish Regiment , added : ` To have the three royal Colonels-in-Chief here in one room is unique . I do not think it has happened before . We are proud to be a part of this day . ' Her Majesty 's visit to Canada House comes just two months after she visited the central London establishment to reopen it following extensive renovations . In February , the Queen and Prince Philip were given a tour of the newly refurbished building before formally unveiling it . Her Majesty -LRB- pictured arriving at Canada House -RRB- looked elegant in a long blue fitted coat and matching hat . The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh appeared in good spirits as they arrived to a red carpet at the event . Her Majesty was welcomed into the venue , which she reopened herself in February following renovations . Of particular interest to Her Majesty was the atrium , which was renamed in her honour and features Canadian hemlock cladding and a swathe of red oak flooring . The atrium , although the newest addition to the list , is by no means the only place named after the monarch . In Canada alone , no fewer than 62 schools , roads , hospitals and parks are named after Her Majesty , among them an observatory , an island chain and two different mountain ranges . Elsewhere , the list of places named after the Queen includes a city in South Australia , British and Australian Antarctica and Queen Elizabeth National Park , which is famous for its beauty and tree-climbing lions , in Uganda . Earlier this week , the Queen appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers as she cheered on her horse in the Royal Box at Newbury . Unfortunately for Her Majesty , her horse Ring of Truth was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner . In February , the Queen and Prince Philip were given a tour of Canada House before formally reopening it . The Queen paused for a moment as she entered Canada House with her husband the Duke of Edinburgh . The Queen 's cousin , Princess Alexandra -LRB- left -RRB- , was all smiles as she arrived with The Queen and Prince Philip . The Queen , who has long been an avid racing fan , had a second runner later in the afternoon but was once again left to rue missed chances after her horse Capel Path came in third . The royal remains an enthusiastic equestrienne and , according to sources , is a familiar sight at her Windsor stables . She is also said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies , some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren , notably Prince Edward 's children , Lady Louise and James , Viscount Severn . Along with her thoroughbred race horses , the Queen also breeds Fell ponies and has a stud specialising in Highland ponies at Balmoral .