PSV Eindhoven midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum has fuelled speculation that he is eyeing a move to the Premier League in the summer . In an interview with Sky Sports , the 24-year-old reveals that he has the ambition to play for a ` great club ' in a major European league . Wijnaldum - who has netted 16 goals in all competitions for the Dutch giants this season - has been linked with a move to Manchester United , Arsenal and Newcastle . PSV captain Georginio Wijnaldum has favourited a tweet linking him with a move to the Premier League . Wijnaldum favourited Sky Sports ' tweet that linked with a move to Manchester United , Arsenal and Newcastle . And it appears that the notion of playing at either Old Trafford , the Emirates or St James ' Park appeals to the Holland international as he favourited the Sky Sports ' tweet on Wednesday promoting their interview with him . The PSV captain could help his club help end their seven-year wait for the Eredivisie title if they beat Heerenveen at home on Saturday . And while he admits he is happy in Eindhoven , after having spoken to English-based Holland team-mates while on international duty - the lure of playing in the Premier League is a tempting one . ` I am happy at PSV but I am a player with a lot of ambition , ' Wijnaldum said . ` I want to play in a stronger league than the Eredivisie . The 24-year-old -LRB- right -RRB- has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV this season from midfield . ` With my quality I feel I can bring a lot to a team that I will join . I want to show it in the big leagues ; England , Italy , Spain , Germany and France . ` I speak with Leroy Fer and Tim Krul about England a lot . Tim has been in England since he was 17 . He only says good things about England and living in Newcastle . ` The stadium is big with 50,000 people , the fans are great and life is great there . ` You have better players and teams in England and for myself it is better to play in a better league against better players . ' Wijnaldum -LRB- right -RRB- says he speaks to Holland international team-mates Leroy Fer and Tim Krul about England .