There are moments when Falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of Manchester United and it all comes flooding back . This could have been just the start . He made his name with Porto , adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for Atletico Madrid and Monaco during five glorious years in European football . Chelsea away is a tough one to come into ; thrown into the team to start at the Barclays Premier League leaders because Louis van Gaal was short of bodies . Radamel Falcao strikes for goal but his effort is thwarted by Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Cortois . Falcao competes for a high ball with Chelsea centre back Gary Cahill at Stamford Bridge . The Colombian forward confronts Blues captain John Terry after the pair got tangled on the ground . He has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams , with his meagre return coming in games against Everton , Aston Villa , Stoke City and Leicester City . There were a couple of notable chances here , with a left foot effort flying wide of Thibaut Courtois ' left hand post and another , ten minutes later , which bounced back off his upright . It is sad to say but the knee injury he suffered in the build up to last summer 's World Cup , when he gamely tried to recover in time to play for Colombia , has cost him that critical yard of pace . In his heart he must know that . The United forward was schooled here , denied space and room to breathe by the constant , intimidating presence of Chelsea 's captain John Terry . Falcao lost almost every key battle at Stamford Bridge . When it all gets a bit narky out there , as it did in the movement leading up to Chelsea 's opening goal , which was scored by Eden Hazard after 38 minutes , Terry excels . Falcao and Marouane Fellaini stand dejected on the half-way line following Eden Hazard 's first-half strike . For a man of his experience Falcao should have been stronger , shielding the ball when he took a buffeting from Terry on the halfway line . Seconds later , Chelsea had taken the lead . There was another skirmish before the break , a collision that ended with Terry jabbing his finger in Falcao 's face after they landed together in a crumpled heap . Terry was on top of him , taking the responsibility for marking the United forward away from his central defensive partner Gary Cahill for large sections of this clash . This central defensive pairing , with their constant communication , pass strikers over for fun these days . Falcao was no different . He looked like a man short of match fitness , the usual sharpness that is expected of a player in a game of this magnitude . This was a start , but Falcao has been restricted to substitute appearances of late . Falcao and Terry tangle once more as the United striker struggles to impose himself on the game . He had just 19 touches in the first half , failing to take any of them in Chelsea 's penalty area during a period when Van Gaal 's team were almost operating at full throttle . During Sir Alex Ferguson 's era the club were blessed with great strikers , from Andrew Cole to Ruud van Nistelrooy to Wayne Rooney . All of them pulled on the United shirt in their prime . Ferguson was here at Stamford Bridge , watching this new team take shape under their Dutch coach - and he will know that they are crying out for a fully fit forward . Falcao is indifferent , short of confidence -LRB- and goals -RRB- after a frustrating eight months since his move on loan from Monaco for the season was confirmed . He is crying out for help , desperate to roll back the years after spending so much of the season out of the picture . Sadly , for a man of his stature , he is trading on memories now .