A football fan has triggered a furious row after posting a picture of two Muslim men praying at a Premier League stadium and labelling it a ` disgrace ' . Stephen Dodd tweeted a picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula worshipping on their knees in a stairwell of Liverpool 's Anfield ground . He added the caption : ` Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE . ' Fury : Stephen Dodd took this photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month . Mr Dodd 's post , made after Liverpool took on Blackburn Rovers in the FA Cup last month , was met with widespread condemnation on social media , with users branding him a ` bigot ' and ` disgrace to humanity ' . The tweet was reported to police , who investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place . They have referred the matter back to the club . Last night , Liverpool promised to take ` appropriate action ' against the supporter . It is not known if Mr Dodd is a season ticket holder , but he could have this revoked or be banned from future matches . Yesterday Mr Bodi , 46 , a solicitor from Preston , told the Daily Mail that it was not the first time he had prayed at a match . Backlash : Dodd tried to defend himself by saying that he was a long-standing fan of Liverpool . ` It only takes a few minutes and this time it was during half-time that we needed to pray , ' the lawyer said . ` We have a small window in which to pray . That day , the time came for prayer and the window would have closed before the game finished so we did it at half-time . Campaigners have called for football clubs to install prayer rooms so Muslim fans can pray in peace and avoid the possibility of anti-Islamic abuse . Fiyaz Mughal , who runs Islamophobia hotline Tell MAMA , suggested that stadiums should have a ` multi-faith prayer room ' in their stadiums . He told MailOnline : ` We are aware of incidents where practising Muslims have been abused since they have decided to quietly pray in public areas during half-time breaks . ` Given that people want to peacefully pray , we would suggest that clubs consider making a prayer room available for those fans who want to do so . ` The prayer room just has to be a space that is clean and where people can spend about 10 minutes praying and which is available through the match . ` It also can be listed as a multi-faith prayer room so that other faiths who want to use it , can do so . ' Currently both Blackburn Rovers and Bolton Wanderers have prayer rooms at their stadiums for the use of fans . The rooms are non-demoninational and can be used by fans of any religion , but are more likely to be used by Muslims because they must pray at fixed times during the day . Newcastle United has also built a prayer room at its training ground because there are a number of Muslim footballers playing at the club . ` Most people are absolutely fine with it and the stewards at Anfield are wonderful , but it only takes one or two people to react in the wrong way and you could have a nasty situation . ' Muslims are required to pray five times each day -- between dawn and sunrise ; at midday when the sun passes its highest point ; in the late afternoon ; just after sunset ; and around nightfall . Because prayer times are based on the movements of the sun they differ from place to place . Liverpool 's FA Cup quarter-final against Blackburn kicked off at 4 pm , meaning Mr Bodi and Mr Bhula had to say their afternoon prayers at half-time , as the window of opportunity closed before the end of the game . Mr Bodi , whose eight-year-old son Ayman can also be seen in Mr Dodd 's photo , added : ` My little boy said at the time `` someone is taking a picture of us '' and I thought maybe it was someone who had n't seen prayers before . I certainly did n't expect to be called a disgrace for doing it . ` But this guy was n't abusive to us and the support since has been very nice , I 'm thankful . ` I 've supported Liverpool for 40 years and I used to be a season ticket holder . From what I understand this guy does n't live too far from the ground and is probably a boyhood fan , so I would n't want him excluded from the ground or anything . ` He should be given a talking to and made to go on an awareness course or educating . ' Mr Bhula , 37 , who is also a solicitor , said he would happily meet with Mr Dodd to explain the importance of prayers in Islam . He added : ` Education is key to stopping things like this from happening . Maybe the man who took the photo has not come across Muslims before who have explained the significance of prayer . I would be quite happy to meet with him to explain why we pray and when it needs to be done . ' In a statement , Liverpool said discrimination would not be tolerated at the club and it would ` take appropriate action against the individual involved ' . In 2013 , a group of West Ham supporters were abused by onlooking fans because they were praying behind the main stand at Upton Park during a match . Match : The incident took place when Liverpool were playing Blackburn Rovers at Anfield in March .