An Alabama mayor was arrested and a city police chief was taken to the hospital in an ambulance after a fight at city hall on Friday . Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out , according to a city clerk . McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer , city officials said . Carey was later spotted ` hobbling ' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital , according to FOX6 News . Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey -LRB- right -RRB- was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade -LRB- left -RRB- , who refused to leave his office , when the fight broke out on Friday , according to a city clerk . City hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building , FOX6 News reporter Melanie Posey tweeted . McDade was holding a letter when he was arrested that read : ` Dear City of Liscomb employees , this letter is to inform you that all city employees are on administrative leave with pay until further notice . With exceptions for city dispatch . ' McDade will be held in prison over the weekend . City clerk Connie Madsen said the mayor pro term , Brenda Renz , is now in charge of the city . Madsen told AL.com the investigation into the incident is ongoing and no formal charges have been filed against McDade yet . The city clerk said all of the employees were still working and no one has been put on leave . She said McDade has made it ` difficult ' for the employees ` to function and do our jobs ' . This is not the first time McDade , who was elected in November 2012 , has gotten into trouble with the law . Both McDade and his wife were arrested and charged with domestic violence and harassment after police were called to their home last year and found they both had minor injuries . The couple had been arguing about how they were going to divide their property during their pending divorce , according to AL.com . The fight broke out at Lipscomb city hall -LRB- pictured -RRB- . McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer , city officials said . Just two months following his arrest , McDade was found guilty of attempting to elude a police officer during a traffic violation . McDade fled from the officer first in his car and then on foot while trying to avoid arrest , according to the officer 's statement in court documents . The mayor was also arrested in 2013 , when he showed up to the scene of a fire and tried to force a volunteer fire department lieutenant to leave because he had recently dismissed her . McDade was arrested for obstructing governmental process after he allegedly refused to leave , even after a police officer told him she had authorized the lieutenant to be there , according to al.com . And two years ago McDade temporarily shut down the entire city police department and laid off city employees because he said the city was having financial problems .