Fraser Ross , who founded the Kitson fashion brand , is caught up in a $ 1million legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a Los Angeles store . The tycoon behind exclusive fashion brand Kitson has been caught up in a $ 1million legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a Los Angeles store . Fraser Ross , who founded the company , is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport -LRB- LAX -RRB- to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship . Kitson , which has shops in California and the Far East , is hugely popular with celebrities including Victoria Beckham , Lady Gaga and Kylie and Kendall Jenner , who have all been spotted with the brand 's blue bags . The multi-millionaire , from Aberdeen , is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers at the LAX outlet . Despite bearing the Kitson name - Mr Ross ' middle-name - the two stores in LAX are not run by him . Instead , another business called Hudson pays Kitson a licensing fee to use the brand . It is alleged that Mr Ross is unhappy with the way the shops are being managed and has made his feelings clear to staff . Now Hudson has filed a $ 1million lawsuit to end the business relationship . Brian Timmons , a lawyer for Hudson , said : ` This is like a dysfunctional marriage that has been going on for a long time . ' In 2013 , Hudson inserted a clause into the contract with Kitson , giving it power to veto any Kitson employee coming to the airport stores . Mr Timmons claims that the firm abided by the agreement until last spring , when Mr Ross began showing up without warning and behaving ` inappropriately ' toward employees . He said : ` He started saying , `` you are running the brand into the ground . There is too much dust on the shelves '' . Lots of nitpicky things . ` It 's one thing to correct performance or provide criticism to employees . You know the difference when you go over the line , when you use inappropriate adjectives . ' Kitson is popular with celebrities , including the likes of Kendall and Kylie Jenner -LRB- left -RRB- and Jennifer Love Hewitt -LRB- right -RRB- . Despite bearing the Kitson name - Mr Ross ' middle-name - the two stores in LAX -LRB- pictured -RRB- are not run by him . According to the LA Times , Hudson asked Kitson to pay a $ 280,000 penalty for violating the terms of their agreement and another $ 750,000 as compensation for lost profits and the costs of re-branding the two stores after the partnership is terminated . Last month Kitson launched a counter legal action saying that Hudson failed to keep the airport stores sufficiently clean , organised and staffed , and sold non-Kitson merchandise in them . Kitson spokeswoman Courtney Saavedra said Mr Ross did not want to comment . She added : ` Our founder is very passionate about our brand and being represented correctly . That is never going to change . ` As far as berating employees , as far as the language they are stating that 's used , that 's simply not true . '