I see Usain Bolt on the circuit and he 's always good fun . He likes to make jokes of me ! I remember in Moscow , at the last World Championships , when I was competing in the 200m when most people saw me as a 100m runner , he killed me in the warmup . ` What are you doing ? ' he asked me . ` This is for the 200m runners -- the 100m was a few days ago . You missed it . ' I told him I was doing the 200m . ` Why ? he asked again . I said I wanted to try it . He was winding me up . It was helping me relax , actually . It was very nice . Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice . The young British athlete says he is nowhere near Bolt 's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon . Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury 's Anniversary Games this summer . It obviously worked , as I then ran sub-20 and he was praising me a lot and saying great things about me . Bolt gave me some great advice to really enjoy athletics and have fun with it . He told me to have patience with it , make sure you keep enjoying it and you will get serious when you get a bit older and start to take it more seriously but do n't put pressure on yourself to perform . No matter whatever anyone says or writes , make sure you 're always having a good time . He 's good like that . I can take that into this year . I like to think I always have a great time when I go to compete . I always give a big smile before races because you never get bored of that feeling ; people cheering for you and making you feel like ` wow ' all this training you 've done in the winter and throwing up on the track , all the hard slog is worth it . It 's a brilliant feeling . Hopefully I can get a bit more serious , now that I 've just finished uni and I will start to get a bit more competitive with those guys . I do n't think Bolt will be too worried about me at the moment , he 's something special when he gets himself into shape and competing . I 'm very lucky to be around at this time when he 's at his peak and running . To be in the mix and be a part of these guys is nice . Bolt has been beaten before , which shows he is only human . After those guys have retired -- sprinters like Tyson Gay and Justin Gatlin -- it ' s quite open for people to step in and take the mantle . Obviously the American and Jamaican sprinters have always been the top dogs , they are very powerful nations and hard guys to beat . In Britain and Europe we have some great young names coming through that can go on and push the performances up . I 'd like to think there is a chance for British sprinters to step into the void . We do n't do the sport to come second or third . You do the sport to try to be the best . There will be a nice little gap opening and it will encourage a lot of people to step up their performance . Ten British sprinters - including Gemili -LRB- centre -RRB- got together for as stunning Sportsmail photoshoot . As well as funding the Road to Rio athletes , every week National Lottery players raise over £ 33 million for arts , heritage , charity , community projects and grass roots sports clubs and facilities . Find out where your money goes at lotterygoodcauses.org.uk .