Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Sunderland 's home clash with Crystal Palace ... Sunderland vs Crystal Palace -LRB- Stadium of Light -RRB- . Team news . Sunderland . Sunderland midfielder Sebastian Larsson is suspended for Crystal Palace 's Barclays Premier League trip to the Stadium of Light on Saturday . The Sweden international will sit out the next two games after reaching 10 bookings for the campaign during Sunday 's 1-0 derby victory over Newcastle . Seb Larsson gestures to Sunderland fans during the Black Cats win over Newcastle last Sunday . Jack Rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem , while fellow midfielder Will Buckley was included among the substitutes against the Magpies following his recovery from a knee problem . However , defender Wes Brown -LRB- knee -RRB- and midfielder Emanuele Giaccherini -LRB- ankle -RRB- are still missing . Provisional squad : Pantilimon , Mannone , Reveillere , Van Aanholt , Jones , O'Shea , Vergini , Coates , Cattermole , Bridcutt , Rodwell , Johnson , Alvarez , Gomez , Fletcher , Defoe , Wickham , Graham . Crystal Palace . Crystal Palace midfielder Joe Ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness for Saturday 's Barclays Premier League match at Sunderland . Mile Jedinak is likely to return after his four-match suspension if Ledley does not make it , but the Australia captain could be included anyway . Joe Ledley applauds the Crystal Palace fans following their 2-1 victory over Manchester City on Monday . Strikers Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell -LRB- hamstring -RRB- and midfielder Jordon Mutch -LRB- thigh -RRB- remain out . Provisional squad : Speroni , Ward , Dann , Delaney , Kelly , Ledley , Zaha , Puncheon , McArthur , Bolasie , Murray , Jedinak , Hangeland , Sanogo , Hennessey , Gayle , Ameobi , Boateng , Souare , Mariappa . Kick-off : Saturday , 3 pm . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Sunderland 13/8 . Draw 9/4 . Crystal Palace 17/10 . Referee : Anthony Taylor . Managers : Dick Advocaat -LRB- Sunderland -RRB- , Alan Pardew -LRB- Crystal Palace -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Sunderland wins 10 , draws 10 , Crystal Palace wins 11 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Sunderland have only scored more than twice in two Premier League games this season and one of them came in their 3-1 win at Palace in November . Wes Brown scored his sixth Premier League own goal in the reverse fixture in November . Only two players -LRB- Richard Dunne 10 & Jamie Carragher 7 -RRB- have scored more in Premier League history . Jermain Defoe 's three Sunderland goals have come between the 34th and 45th minute . Defoe has scored three of Sunderland 's last four Premier League goals but first of those came in January . Jordi Gomez and Steven Fletcher were on target when Sunderland won 3-1 at Crystal Palace earlier this term . If the Premier League only counted games since Alan Pardew took over as Palace manager then the Eagles would be fifth , only two points behind Chelsea . Glenn Murray has scored Palace 's opening goal in four of their last six games . Crystal Palace have kept only one clean sheet under Alan Pardew -LRB- in 11 PL games -RRB- . Palace are looking to win four league games in a row for the first time since winning five in succession last April . Crystal Palace have gained 18 points from losing positions this season , a seasonal high in the Premier League . Only WBA -LRB- 23 -RRB- have conceded more home goals than Sunderland -LRB- 22 -RRB- this season .