Messy homes can understandably be a huge source of embarrassment for home owners . But it 's fair to say that everyone can admit to getting lazy with the cleaning every now and again . It turns out old mugs of tea , toothpaste-encrusted bathrooms and mouldy food are among the top ` cleaning sins ' committed by busy Brits . A study by K채rcher has revealed six in ten Brits are too busy to clean their homes . A study of 2,000 people by cleaning equipment company , K채rcher , revealed that a whopping six in ten full-time working Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week . Even more shocking is that now , three months into the new year , many have avoided certain cleaning jobs all together . One in eight have n't vacuumed at all this year so far ; a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before . Some of the top ` cleaning sins ' committed by Brits include old mugs of tea and mouldy food left to fester . Other top ranking ` cleaning sins ' include leaving hair in the plug hole , only changing bed sheets once a month and letting exploded food in the microwave fester . According to research , it seems that more than a quarter -LRB- 25 % -RRB- only do housework if they absolutely have to . And when it came to those in relationships ? Women were less likely to feel that their partner pulled their weight around the house . UK Home and Garden Marketing Manager of K채rcher , Phil Springall , has said : ` For many people , workloads are increasing and weekly routines are often hectic . 1 . Food stains from splattering . 2 . Finger marks on the mirror . 3 . Leaving dust on the skirting board and on the bannister . 4 . Toothpaste stains on the sink . 5 . Leaving expired food in the fridge . 6 . Letting dust gather on the shelves . 7 . Dust piling on the TV . 8 . Stacks of washing up in the sink . 9 . Coffee ring stains on the work top . 10 . Leaving hair in the plug hole . 11 . Leaving exploded food in the microwave . 12 . Leaving splashes on the kitchen hob . 13 . Only changing your sheets once a month . 14 . Not wiping down the kitchen hob and its buttons . 15 . Letting limescale build up in your kettle . 16 . Not vacuuming the stairs . 17 . Leaving dirty washing lying about . 18 . Over-flowing bins . 19 . Food rotting in the fridge . 20 . Not sweeping the floor when food has fallen onto it . Source : K채rcher . Other top ` cleaning sins ' include leaving hair in the bathroom plug and only changing bed sheets once a month . ` We 've seen that more than ever , full time workers are juggling their careers while trying to stay on top of the chores at home and clearly it 's a battle that many admit they fail to win . ` The result of that is that standards at home slip and that means a less welcoming environment after a hard day 's work . ` It 's important people have the ability to maintain their homes as well as they wish , without having to spend all their free time doing chores . ' 1 . It 's messy . 2 . There are lots of DIY jobs which need starting . 3 . Dated kitchen units . 4 . Cracked walls and/or ceilings . 5 . Dated carpets . 6 . It needs completely redecorating . 7 . There is lots of clutter and rubbish lying around . 8 . Faded or peeling paintwork . 9 . Dirty/stained carpets . 10 . Dated or shabby wallpaper . 11 . It 's too small . 12 . There are patches of mould . 13 . Bad/anti-social neighbours . 14 . There are lots of half-done DIY jobs which need finishing . 15 . Patchy lawns . 16 . It smells of my pets , cigarettes etc . 17 . Overgrown gardens . 18 . Old , broken furniture . 19 . Bold or garish colour schemes . 20 . It 's a bad area . Source : Sugru . It also turns out that messy homes are n't the only source of embarrassment for Brit home owners . A study , commissioned by mouldable glue company , Sugru , has revealed that a huge six in ten Brits are embarrassed of their houses . Other reasons that Brits are embarrassed by their houses are unfinished DIY jobs , mouldy patches , cigarette odour and even antisocial neighbours . It also came down to the actual house itself , with many citing bad location , dated kitchen units and the actual size as embarrassing components . So it seems only natural that many peoople would make comparisons to cleaner , fictional on-screen abodes . The research also revealed the top ten houses that Brits would most like to recreate . With luxurious gilded interiors , chandeliers in every room and plush velvety fittings , it 's not hard to see why Brits love this house . Filmed at Highclere House in North Hampshire . 1 . Downton Abbey -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . Grand , gothic and opulent , Nottingham 's Wollaton Hall was used as the location for the filming of Batman . 2 . Bruce Wayne 's home in Batman . With purple floors and mismatched decor , Brits might love this abode more because of the cherished sitcom memories that happened here . 3 . Monica and Rachel 's flat in Friends -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . Sleek , minimalist and not to mention , a real bachelor 's pad . Frasier 's suave Seattle apartment is widely coveted by Brits . 4 . Frasier 's Apartment -LRB- 1998 -RRB- . The Los Angeles grand mansion from the Fresh Prince of Bel Air is a great source of inspiration for Brit home owners . 5 . Uncle Phil 's house from the Fresh Prince of Bel Air -LRB- 1990 -RRB- . A dream house from anyone 's childhood , complete with wooden fittings and rope bridges . Real-life imitations were built at several Disneylands after the film was made . 6 . The Treehouse from Swiss Family Robinson -LRB- 1960 -RRB- . Cute , kitsch and quintessentially British , people love Wallace & Grommit 's house located in Wigan , Lancashire . 7 . Wallace & Grommit 's house -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . Ignore the wardrobe for a second - shiny mahogany floorboards , tidy and intimate layout and boho decor make Carrie 's Manhattan apartment a dream abode . 8 . Carrie 's apartment in Sex and the City . Modern architecture and expensive furnishings make the Cullen home desirable . Called the Hoke House , it was originaly designed for Nike Executive , John Hoke , and is actually located in Portland , United States . 9 . The Cullen home in Twilight -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . Floor-to-ceiling windows , squeaky-clean ivory floors , and the minimalist stylish furniture make Christian Grey 's Seattle penthouse covetable . 10 . Christian Grey 's apartment in Fifty Shades of Grey -LRB- 2015 -RRB- .