It was ten minutes short of 1 am when Javier Hernandez left the Santiago Bernabeu last night . He did so beaming from ear to ear , admitting that he had seen the tweets from his Manchester United team-mates congratulating him on scoring what he called ` one of the most important goals of my life ' . Not everyone had been as complimentary as Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney , with Sky pundit Thierry Henry criticizing him for not immediately running to Cristiano Ronaldo who played the ball to him for the goal . Javier Hernandez -LRB- left -RRB- scores to send Real Madrid into the Champions League semi-final . Hernandez struck in the 88th minute to send Madrid through and fierce rivals Atletico Madrid out . Marca -LRB- left -RRB- say Hernandez scored ` the goal of his life ' while AS praises ` Chicharito ' for winning the tie . To pick up on that and not on the out-pouring of elation is to not understand just how much the Mexican striker has toiled for the last two seasons desperate for a chance to do what he feels he does best -- score big goals in big games . ` It was a great assist -LSB- from Ronaldo -RSB- ' he said after the match once the adrenalin levels that sent him sprinting towards the Real Madrid supporters behind the stadium 's south goal , had subsided . Despite starting only seven of the fifty games Real Madrid have played this season Hernandez has wriggled his way into the affections of the club 's supporters much and on three occasions , he got himself into goalscoring positions on Wednesday night . With the first two opportunities he snatched at the chance -- shooting woefully into the side netting in the first half with Ronaldo and Isco better placed , and pulling another shot across the face of the goal in the second period . But when he hit the target with the third opportunity the stadium responded . His name echoed around all four sides of the ground and that is not something afforded lightly to any player in their first campaign . There was nothing special about the finish but getting there , to apply it when for the previous 88 minutes he had run himself into the ground does deserve credit and he had around 80,000 spectators wanting to thank him personally at the end . Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- centre -RRB- provided a splendid assist for Hernandez 's goal in the Champions League . Hernandez celebrates Madrid 's victory with team-mate Ronaldo after the final whistle . Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick led the tributes to Hernandez on Twitter after the game . The Spanish radio journalists who mobbed him as he emerged from some post-match physiotherapy , all wanted to ask him about the last great Mexican striker to wear the white shirt , Hugo Sanchez . With a goals-per-minutes ratio that is better than Karim Benzema 's , there are even claims he should be starting more games . He replaced the Frenchman last night because of a knee injury that may yet sideline him for another couple of games . Once the euphoria of a last gasp winner subsides , Benzema 's extra quality has to be recognized and ` El Chicharito 's ' place will eventually be back on the bench . In the longer-term he could satisfy himself in the knowledge that injuries will always present him with chances like last night . But he wants to be playing regularly and that will mean at the end of the season , when he returns to United , it will be to seek a new permanent deal elsewhere . ` He has suffered ' said Carlo Ancelotti after the game . ` He deserved the goal because he has never given in . He always trains well and he always gives everything when he plays . It 's a great reward for him . ' Had the 88th minute strike not come and Atletico held on to win on penalties , Ancelotti would have been criticized for his faith in the Mexican and the ` Little Pea ' might have played his last minutes for Madrid with only the league left to contest . Some believe Hernandez should start more often ahead of Karim Benzema , who currently has a knee injury . Hernandez missed a couple of chances before scoring , but his persistence eventually paid off for Madrid . Real 's players celebrate after Hernandez 's late goal secured progress to the Champions League semi-final . As it is Madrid still have nine games to play and he will play his part . He has already written himself a little piece of Madrid history and reminded everyone what he can do . No wonder he ran straight to supporters to wildly celebrate ; no wonder he did n't want to leave the stadium last night .