Faithless ' dance anthem ` Insomnia ' booms out seconds before games at Fulham , and it 's rather apt for Kit Symons . His sleepless nights must be becoming all the more frequent as these haunting weeks go by . Down rained the boos yet again from a disgruntled bunch of supporters who deserve so much more than this ; far more than a team lacking identity and direction . Those fans will quite rightly point to the fact their side were out-played for large parts against Rotherham , a club with a far inferior budget and experience at this level . They are losing faith in their manager , even though Fulham should retain their Championship status from here . Ross McCormack -LRB- left -RRB- pokes home the equaliser but Fulham were unable to push on for the winner . That they came away with a point was down to poor finishing from the Yorkshire visitors , nothing more . Ross McCormack came to the rescue after Matt Derbyshire 's early opener to spare blushes . Fulham just want this wretched campaign over . ` First half we were awful , ' Symons said . ` Second half was a huge improvement to a bit better than awful . We 're limping closer . ` The sooner we get the points needed the sooner I 'll start sleeping in an evening . ' That spoke volumes . Kit Symons -LRB- centre -RRB- admitted his side were second best and says the club need to rebuild in the summer . ` It is slow and it 's painful . We need to rebuild in the summer . It 's an anxious period - people are concerned . The players did show good character to come from behind . ' Steve Evans ' team still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player , Farrend Rawson , during the win against Brighton earlier this month . Should the Football League follow the precedent set with AFC Wimbledon last year , the Millers will find themselves lumped with a three-point deduction . When that judgement is to be made remains unclear - although it almost certainly will come before the final day on May 2 - meaning the relegation dogfight could go to the wire , with resurgent Millwall enjoying a game in hand . Rotherham knew points must be won here , and set about bossing proceedings from the very first minute . Matt Derbyshire -LRB- centre -RRB- pokes home the opener after four minutes to put Steve Evans ' side in the lead . Fulham XI : Bettinelli , Richards , Turner , Burn , Husband , Parker , Guthrie , Tunnicliffe -LRB- Hoogland - 54 -RRB- , Ruiz , McCormack , Smith . Subs not used : Kiraly , Stafylidis , Hutchinson , Woodrow , Rodallega , Kavanagh . Goals : McCormack 67 . Booked : Guthrie , Burn , Turner . Rotherham XI : Martinez , Hunt , Morgan , Broadfoot , Lafferty ; Smallwood , Arnason , Frecklington , Pringle ; Ward , Derbyshire . Subs not used : Collin , Wilson , Wood , Hammill , Bowery , Milsom , Green . Goals : Derbyshire 4 . Booked : Broadfoot . Referee : Andy Davies . How it came to pass that Matt Derbyshire might 've put the visitors three goals up inside the first four minutes will mystify Symons . Eventually the former Olympiacos striker settled for one , the simplicity galling for a club who were facing Tottenham this time a year ago . Firstly Derbyshire clipped wide inside the six-yard box before the long legs of Dan Burn prevented him from tapping home seconds later . But Fulham fell asleep from Ben Pringle 's corner to present Derbyshire with a third opportunity and he was n't to miss , stabbing in from close range to signal the Craven Cottage dissenters to find their voice . Matt Smith 's header was cleared off the line in an instant reply , but Symons ' side looked shot , as they had been here against Brentford and Wigan previously . And they allowed Derbyshire in again , this time Burn misreading a high ball , but he was thwarted by Marcus Bettinelli . Danny Ward squandered a glorious chance from 12 yards , skewing a shot wide as Fulham continued to be carved open . Bryan Ruiz -LRB- 10 -RRB- is denied a goal by the on-rush Arsenal loanee Emiliano Martinez of Rotherham . Fulham 's remaining fixtures : Blackpool -LRB- A -RRB- , Middlesbrough -LRB- H -RRB- , Norwich -LRB- A -RRB- . Rotherham 's remaining fixtures : Norwich -LRB- H -RRB- , Reading -LRB- H -RRB- , Leeds -LRB- A -RRB- . Kirk Broadfoot was guilty of missing a superb chance from another corner and the central defender later struck a post . Saying they could have scored five before the break is n't hyperbolic . ` They could 've been out of sight , ' admitted Symons . Bryan Ruiz spurned a good opportunity for the hosts , McCormack then failing to stretch far enough to covert at the back post . Every stray pass was met with groans , each overhit cross with sighs . Many are resigned to these turgid displays , but more than a small section just will not accept it . Symons was bailed out by McCormack though , who got on the end of Scott Parker 's pass to poke in a 67th-minute equaliser . It was a rare moment of quality , but edges them closer to safety . Matt Smith -LRB- centre -RRB- was unable to continue his good goalscoring form for the Cottagers . ` The goal is a blatant handball by McCormack , ' Rotherham assistant Paul Raynor fumed . ` We dominated possession and created a number of opportunities . ' ` You hope something 's going to fall for us . One thing that can never be labelled against our team is a lot of character and desire . That 's the minimum we expect . We 're enjoying the challenge and had a difficult week . A good word to use is defiance . ' Symons added : ` I 've seen the goal again and there 's probably an element of doubt , but I 'd expect them to have a moan about it . ' The goal gave the whole place a lift , Smith unfortunate not to win a penalty after Craig Morgan 's shove and substitute Tim Hoogland thumped a header over when unmarked at the back post . Oddly , one point may have been three but that would 've merely masked glaring deficiencies . For all the talk of difficulties , staying in the division is the only thing that matters . Time for Fulham to press reset and start again .