Luke Shaw has conceded his debut season at Manchester United has been a frustrating one and admits he does n't know what he would do if he scored against boyhood club Chelsea on Saturday . Shaw joined United last summer in a £ 31.5 million transfer from Southampton after an impressive campaign on the south coast , which resulted in him playing for England at the World Cup . However , injuries have plagued the 19-year-old 's start to life at Old Trafford with the defender picking up his latest fitness setback during United 's 2-1 FA Cup sixth-round exit at home to Arsenal last month . Luke Shaw admits he has endured a ` frustrating ' debut season at Manchester United giving himself a ` C - ' The 19-year-old 's campaign has been beset by injuries since joining from Southampton last summer . Shaw -LRB- second left -RRB- is back training with United after missing their last five Premier League games . In total , Shaw has only made 17 appearances in all competitions - a figure he admits is less than satisfactory . `` It 's been a frustrating one because of the injuries I 've picked up but I 'm loving it , ' he told Match of the Day magazine in an exclusive interview . ` If I was to write a school report on my first season here I 'd give myself a C - . You do n't realise just how big Man United is until you 're actually here -- it 's frightening ! It is the biggest club around . ' Despite an injury-plagued beginning under Louis van Gaal , when fit Shaw describes himself as ` lucky ' to be playing alongside players such as captain Wayne Rooney and record-signing Angel di Maria . Shaw -LRB- right -RRB- has made only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the Red Devils at present . Shaw last appearance for United came in their 2-1 FA Cup sixth round exit at home to Arsenal last month . Shaw was speaking exclusively to Match of the Day magazine - on sale between April 14-20 . ` I 'm playing with the likes of Wayne Rooney , -LSB- Angel -RSB- Di Maria , -LSB- Radamel -RSB- Falcao and it 's weird because my friends always talk about them , saying how good they are and I 'm just thinking `` Wow , I play with them ! '' I 'm probably one of the luckiest 19-year-olds to be alive , ' he added . Shaw missed United 's 4-2 demolition of Manchester City on Sunday as he continues to recover from the injury picked up on FA Cup duty against Arsenal . United 's No 3 was back in training prior to the Manchester derby as the Red Devils moved four points clear of their rivals in third place in the Premier League . Van Gaal 's men are now looking to record their seventh league win in a row when they travel to table-toppers Chelsea on Saturday evening . And Shaw , who grew up supporting Chelsea , is hoping to play a part in that fixture - adding that it is his favourite away ground to play at . ` I used to watch Chelsea every week . It was really good when I got to play at Stamford Bridge , I would say that 's my favourite away stadium to go to . Chelsea is one of the first games I look for when the new fixtures come out . ` I have n't scored yet so I do n't know . If my first goal was to come against Chelsea I 'm not sure what I 'd do . ' Shaw is relishing the prospect of facing boyhood club Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday evening . You can read the full interview with Manchester United left-back Luke Shaw in this week 's Match of the Day magazine , on sale between April 14-20 .