A judge said he had to deal with his own ` revulsion ' as he jailed four care home assistants who called their dementia residents ` fugly ' and told one she was living in a brothel . The women , who worked at the dementia unit of the Bupa-run facility , in Bretton , Cambridgeshire , told one woman she was going to be killed . Another confused patient was told she was living in a brothel and should expect male visitors . Chloe Pearsall , 26 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Nicole Howley , 25 -LRB- right -RRB- committed the acts of abuse at the care home throughout 2013 they have been jailed along with their colleagues Joanne Fisher , 36 , and Barbara Holcroft , 63 . All four workers ` systematically ' abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses . Nicole Howley , 25 , was jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of two charges of ill-treating a person as a carer under the Mental Capacity Act . Colleagues Chloe Pearsall , 26 , Joanne Fisher , 36 , and Barbara Holcroft , 63 , were convicted of one count of the same offence and sentenced to nine months each . Sentencing the women , Judge Sean Enright said he had ` put aside his own personal revulsion ' to find a ` just , proportionate sentence ' . Using the word ` fugly ' demonstrated the ` lack of respect ' they showed patients , he added , saying : ` This was systematic ill-treatment . ' The case highlights the plight of many old and vulnerable people in the care system and hospitals . The Daily Mail has repeatedly called for improved standards under its Dignity for the Elderly campaign . The four workers waged their hate-filled campaign throughout 2013 . Wentworth Croft Care Home in Bretton , Cambridgeshire has 156 rooms which offer nursing , residential and dementia care for elderly people . During a trial at Peterborough Magistrates Court earlier this year , co-worker Lanya Edwards described how the women , all from Peterborough , abused one resident with ` quite advanced ' dementia . Wentworth Croft Care Home in Bretton , Cambridgeshire -LRB- pictured -RRB- has 156 rooms which offer nursing , residential and dementia care for elderly people . The four workers waged their hate-filled campaign throughout 2013 and told one elderly resident that she was working in a brothel . ` She would ask where she was a lot . I would say she was in a care home in Peterborough and she would be staying here until she got better , ' she said . ` But I heard some care assistants tell her she was living in a brothel . She used to get quite worried . It is not a nice thing to hear . ' Miss Edwards said she heard Fisher , Holcroft and Howley taunting the women ` at least a couple of times a week ' . She also said she heard the women calling people ` fugly ' behind their backs -- although another witness , Jessica Skelly , told the court they used the term openly with at least one resident . ` It was used to her . She used to get distressed and said she would phone the police , ' she said . Describing the vile abuse meted out to the woman who was told she was working in a brothel , she added : ` Chloe , Jo and Nicole all referred to her as a prostitute ... they said she was n't pulling her weight . ' Three of the workers regularly referred to one resident as a prostitute and told another she was fugly . After the group were found guilty , magistrates decided to send the case to Peterborough Crown Court for sentencing because their sentencing powers were insufficient to reflect the ` gravitas of the offences and the vulnerability of the victims ' . Andrew Hurst , representing the women on Wednesday , said they continued to deny the offences . They were all dismissed from their jobs in February last year . A spokesman for the care home said : ` Everyone at the home is deeply shocked by the deplorable behaviour of these experienced carers . ' A fifth carer , Benjamin Appiah , denies ill-treating three women and will stand trial in June .