Cesc Fabregas wore a special protective face mask on Sunday as he scored the winning goal in Chelsea 's 1-0 victory over QPR . Having broken his nose last week , the Spaniard netted with just two minutes to go following a poor clearance from QPR goalkeeper Rob Green before removing the mask to celebrate . Fabregas suffered the break during Chelsea 's win over Stoke City last Saturday , taking a hit to the face from Charlie Adam 's forearm minutes before the Scot struck a 66-yard wondergoal at Stamford Bridge . Cesc Fabregas wore a protective mask during Chelsea 's clash with QPR after breaking his nose last week . Fabregas removed the mask as he celebrated scoring a late winner for Chelsea against strugglers QPR . The Spaniard , pictured at Loftus Road , suffered the break during Chelsea 's win over Stoke City last Saturday . The protective mask was branded with the Fabregas ' initial and squad number for the Premier League clash . Sportsmail exclusively revealed the shield Fabregas would wear against QPR on Wednesday . Fabregas wrote this note to the orthopedic centre and its craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni . Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted . On Sunday , Fabregas started the game for Chelsea and took to the field - complete with mask - sporting two large bruises around his eyes . Sportsmail exclusively revealed the shield Fabregas would wear at Loftus Road on Wednesday . The former Barcelona star travelled to Milan to see a specialist , who produced masks for Fernando Torres , Petr Cech and Demba Ba previously , in the hope of returning to action as soon as possible . The mask , branded with Fabregas 's initial and squad number ` C4 ' , was made by the Ortholabsport , an orthopedic centre in Milan , and their craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni . The centre became famous for its work with former Chelsea players Torres and Ba , but also work with Manchester City , Fulham and European clubs including Inter Milan and Shakhtar Donetsk as well as the Italian national team . Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted . The 27-year-old , who played on for the entire 90 minutes against Stoke , started for the Blues against QPR as Chelsea look to extend their lead at the top of the Barclays Premier League table . Fabregas suffered the break during Chelsea 's win over Stoke City last weekend , taking a hit to the face . The 27-year-old played on for the entire 90 minutes at Stamford Bridge last Saturday despite the knock . Chelsea captain John Terry was forced to wear a protective face mask after fracturing a cheekbone in 2007 . Fernando Torres -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured in action against Basle in 2013 , also wore a mask during his time at Chelsea .