A former Guantanamo Bay prisoner arrested over the terrorist killing of a top female prosecutor in Uganda had been awarded £ 1million in compensation by the British government following his release . Jamal Kiyemba , 36 , was detained in the Ugandan capital Kampala in connection with the death of Joan Kagezi , who was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against Islamist terror network Al-Shabaab . Kiyemba , a former pharmacy student at a university in Leicester , who grew up in London , was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years and awarded the huge payout after being released . Arrested : Ex-Guantanamo Bay prisoner Jamal Kiyemba , 36 was detained in Kampala over the brutal murder of top female prosecutor Joan Kagezi . The 36-year-old is one of 16 former Guantanamo prisoners awarded a £ 20million payout from the British taxpayer over claims of false imprisonment and human rights abuse . His case was championed by Muslim human rights group CAGE , whose director infamously branded ISIS executioner Mohammed ` Jihadi John ' Emwazi an ` extremely gentle , kind , beautiful young man ' . He was born in Uganda as Anthony Kiyemba , but converted to Islam aged 20 , changing his name to Jamal Abdullah . When the family arrived in Britain following the death of his father in 1993 , Kiyemba , then 14 , was granted indefinite leave to remain , but never applied for British citizenship . Kiyemba was arrested near Peshawar in Pakistan in March 2002 , after allegedly trying to enter Afghanistan in the company of ` a probable al-Qaeda operative , a suspected al-Qaeda operative and a low-level jihadist ' , U.S. military files reveal . Compensated : Kiyemba was awarded £ 1million from the British government over claims he had been tortured by U.S. intelligence and interrogated by the MI5 at Guantanamo which had violated his human rights . Kiyemba , however , claims he had gone to Pakistan to study Arabic and the Koran because the country was ` very cheap ' . Following his 2006 release , he claimed he had only admitted to terrorist activities under torture by American intelligence officers and that he had been interrogated by MI5 . He was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years but as he was not a British citizen , he was not entitled to representation by the Foreign Office nor , on his release , to automatic rights to return to his family . Kiyemba , whose mother , four brothers and sister all live in Britain , was instead deported to Uganda , but made several attempts to be allowed back into the UK . ` I may not be British according to some bit of paper but in reality I am a Brit and always will be , ' he said in an interview following his release . ` My doctor , my local mosque , my teens , my education , employment , friends , taxes , home and above all else my family - it is all in Britain . ' Support : Kiyemba 's compensation claims were championed by human rights charity CAGE , whose research director , Asim Qureshi , pictured , famously branded ISIS executioner Jihadi John a ` kind , beautiful ' man . Kiyemba was arrested alongside three others in a suburb to Kampala on Tuesday as a result of an operation aided by U.S. officials , Ugandan police spokesman Fred Enanga said . Jamal Kyiemba is one of 16 former Guantanamo Bay detainees paid compensation by the British Government over claims of human rights abuse . A total of £ 20million has been awarded to former prisoners in an out-of-court settlement after they made allegations against British intelligence , the Sun reports . Others include Shaker Aamer , 48 , who still remains in Guantanamo after 13 years without charge or trial , despite being cleared for release twice . Once he is released Mr Aamer , from south London , should be entitled to £ 1million . Ms Kagezi had been a prosecutor in the ongoing trial of 12 suspects accused of being involved in the July 2010 bombings in which 76 people were killed while watching the World Cup final on TV . Somali Islamic extremist group al-Shabaab , who were behind the brutal massacre of nearly 150 students at a Kenyan university this month , claimed responsibility for the attack . Earlier this year , Ms Kagezi had been appointed Head of the International Crimes Division , at the rank of Assistant Director of Public Prosecutions . Kagezi was shot twice by gunmen after she left her car -- in which she was traveling with two of her children on the way home from work -- to buy groceries in a Kampala suburb . After shooting her in the head and neck , the gunmen fled on a motorcycle , according to police . Ugandan police say there is not yet conclusive evidence tying Kiyemba to the murder of Ms Kagezi , but that detectives were questioning him about any possible role and about other offenses . Kiyemba has yet to comment on the allegations . Ugandan police on Tuesday arrested at least six suspects .