Four Royal Navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at an alcohol-fuelled party at a Canadian barracks must stay in Nova Scotia until they have been tried . The four men appeared in turn in a courtroom in Dartmouth , near Halifax , where they were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a Canadian naval base for the next few years . Bail was set at over £ 2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax . Accused : Joshua Finbow , 23 , a submarine engineer from Stockbridge , Hampshire , arrives at court today . Two of the accused , Simon Radford , 31 , of Gosport , Hampshire and Craig Stoner , 24 , from Stonehouse , Gloucestershire hid their faces as they were led to a provincial court in Dartmouth , Nova Scotia . Darren Smalley , 35 , of Gosport , Hampshire , and his co-accused were ordered to surrender their passports as part of their bail conditions . In a deal agreed with the British government , they will also continue to work for the Royal Navy and draw their current pay . It was not clear last night how they will keep themselves occupied thousands of miles from their shipmates and a representative from the British High Commission who was in court refused to elaborate . The four -- Joshua Finbow , 23 , a submarine engineer , Craig Stoner , 24 , Simon Radford , 31 , and Darren Smalley , 35 -- had been playing for the Royal Navy ice hockey team in a tournament at the Shearwater naval base just east of Halifax . The alleged sexual assault , in which police sources say all four men had sexual intercourse with their victim , took place on April 10 after the sailors had returned to the barracks from a hockey game . Sources say their victim , who is aged in her early 20s and lives in Halifax , had accompanied a friend who had been invited to attend the party by local Canadian servicemen . Yesterday , all four men -- three of them wearing black Royal Navy ice hockey team hoodies -- looked relieved to be getting out of custody as they respectfully answered Judge John MacDougall 's questions . Charged : Royal Navy sailors Joshua Finbow , 23 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Simon Radford , 31 , -LRB- right -RRB- appeared in court . Held : Craig Stoner , 24 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Darren Smalley , 35 , -LRB- right -RRB- are being held by military police in Canada . They all said they understood their bail conditions and Crown prosecutor Eric Taylor said outside court that the accused had not asked to be returned to the UK . They were ordered to return to court on May 27 and given the names of seven people -- the victim and six witnesses -- who they were forbidden to contact . They must not leave the province of Nova Scotia and can not apply for new passports . They must remain employed by the navy and must not resign without the court 's permission . The four , no longer trying to hide their faces , later filed out of the court building and were driven away together in a large white SUV to their new home on the close Stadacona base . They ignored a question over how they might plead in the case . Commander Michael O'Sullivan , the air and naval advisor at the British High Commission , has spoken to the four and described the alleged offences as ` serious ' but stressed they were as yet only allegations . Naval base : The East Coast Navy base at Halifax , Nova Scotia , near to where the alleged incident occurred . Military base : An aerial view of the Shearwater military base where four British sailors are accused of assaulting a civilian . The Commander , who drove the car the men left the court in , added : ` We 're assisting the Canadian authorities with their investigation . ' The four are charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault -- offences that are punishable by up to 14 years in prison . Crown prosecutor Eric Taylor said the investigation was still at an early stage and the results of forensic tests could result in additional charges . ` It will be up to the Royal Navy to decide now how to employ them while their charges are working their way through the court , ' he said . Canadian military investigators have described the alleged offences as ` a disturbing accusation of sexual assault ' . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .