This is the hero passenger who saved an elderly man who slipped and fell onto electrified subway tracks . Charles Collins , 28 , sprang into action at the metro station in central Philadelphia when elderly Alfred McNamee lost his footing and fell onto the rails . Surveillance footage of the dramatic incident shows Collins , who was walking ahead of McNamee , turn round when he hears him fall . He walks to the edge of the platform of the Septa -LRB- Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority -RRB- subway 's 15th Street station , jumps down and helps McNamee to escape . Savior : Charles Collins is pictured above with Alfred McNamee , whom he rescued after he slipped from a subway platform in Philadelphia . Slip : Alfred McNamee is pictured left falling off the platform at the 15th St station on the Septa metro system in Philadelphia . His rescuer , Charles Collins , is seen in the center of the footage with his back turned and a newspaper in his jeans pocket . To the rescue : After he realized that McNamee had fallen , Collins jumped onto the tracks after him . Collins stepped forward to speak about his actions as footage of the rescue was broadcast on TV screens and online across the nation . But despite the widespread praise for his actions , he put it all down to ` instinct ' and denied that he is a hero . McNamee was badly hurt by the fall . He broke his back and several ribs , shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen - but managed to get away with his life . According to local TV station WPVI , Collins went to visit McNamee in hospital the day after the rescue . Heave : Other commuters can be seen to the left pulling McNamee to safety . Hero 's return : Collins was pulled from the dangerous tracks - which have an electrified third rail - just after McNamee . The incident took place around 6:30 pm on Wednesday - at which time schedules for the Market-Frankford line say a train arrives around every eight minutes . Speaking to WPVI , Collins said : ` I just saw him and jumped down ... just instincts ' . He also insisted that he 's ` not a hero ' . Collins hurt his leg during the rescue , but it was only a minor wound . Septa officials commended Collins 's bravery , but said that others should n't copy him . The best thing to do instead , a rail service spokesman said , is to alert the station 's cashier , who will be able to stop any incoming trains and dispatch a rescuer .