Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard was the toast of the English game as he carried off the PFA Player of the Year award . The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals across all competitions for his club this season , helping the Blues win the Capital One Cup and putting them on the brink of a first Premier League title since 2010 . He was rewarded for his sterling performances with the top individual award of the night at the Grosvenor Hotel in London . Victory in their next two games - at Leicester and at home to Crystal Palace - would see Chelsea wrap up the championship . Eden Hazard poses with the PFA trophy after winning the award with a superb season in a Chelsea shirt . The 24-year-old Belgian poses with the trophy after collecting the gong at a glittering award ceremony at London 's Grosvenor Hotel . Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and put pen to paper on a new five-and-a-half-year deal with the club in February . Didier Drogba posted this picture on Instagram of Branislav Ivanovic , Nemanja Matic , Cesar Azpilicueta , Hazard , John Terry and Cesc Fabregas . John Terry posted this photograph with Didier Drogba , Frank Lampard and Gary Cahill at the PFA Awards ceremony . Hazard has remarkably won Player of the Year or Young Player of the Year every season since 2009 with Lille or Chelsea . Hazard said of his award success : ` I 'm very happy . One day I want to be the best and what I did this season is play very well , Chelsea played very well . ` I do n't know if I deserve to win but it is good for me . ` It is good , it is better to be voted by the players - they know everything about football . This is good . I 'm very happy . ' He took the Young Player of the Year prize 12 months ago , and has rapidly progressed to the top award . ` We are almost champions , maybe this is the key , ' said Hazard . ` Last season we finished third and this season we have an opportunity to win the league . This has changed from last season . ` I continue like I did last season - I try to be the same . I try to score more goals than last season . Personally I have played a good season , I have been there in the big games and I scored a lot of important goals , this is why I 'm better this season . ' Hazard has dazzled for Chelsea this season as the Blues look certain to win the first Premier League title of Jose Mourinho 's second stint . Hazard coolly slots past David de Gea to score the only goal of the game against Manchester United to extend Chelsea 's lead at the top . Hazard battles for possession with Francis Coquelin as Chelsea continued their march toward the title with a goalless draw at Arsenal . PFA Young Player of the Year : Harry Kane . PFA Merit award : Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard . PFA Premier League Team of the Year . PFA Championship Team of the Year . PFA League One Team of the Year . PFA League Two Team of the Year . PFA Women 's Player of the Year : Ji So-yun . PFA Women 's Young Player of the Year : Leah Williamson . Hazard 's goal last weekend earned Jose Mourinho 's men a 1-0 win over Manchester United . He picked out that moment as one of his best of the campaign . Asked to describe his season in a single word , Hazard struggled . ` I do n't want to say ` amazing ' because it is not finished yet - maybe amazing ! ' he said . ` I started the season not to be the PFA player of the year but it was in my head - I want to be the best and I hope one day I can win a lot of trophies . ` I just want to say thank you to the players who voted for me - it is always good to have an individual trophy but the most important thing is to win the league . ` I hope I can win a lot of trophies again - the most important is to win the league , without my team-mates I would not be here . ` Jose -LRB- Mourinho -RRB- lets me play , we talk sometimes together and when I 'm on the pitch I know what I have to do , this is most important . ` We are almost there to win the league . ` Last season we finished third , now we can bring the trophy to Stamford Bridge , personally I have played a very good season , have scored a lot of important goals and this is why I 'm here . Hazard is embraced by team-mates after giving Chelsea the lead against Arsenal in October . Hazard has already won silverware this season , with the brilliant Belgian clutching the Capital One Cup with countryman Thibaut Courtois . Hazard -LRB- front -RRB- skips past the challenge of Manchester United 's Wayne Rooney as the Chelsea man launches another attack . Mourinho has long sung the praises of the 24-year-old , believing he is rivalled by only Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo in the global order . ` I had lots of stars , but he is the humble star , ' the Portuguese said last weekend . ` He knows that he is one of the three best players in the world , the responsibility that comes -LRB- with that -RRB- and he is coping with that responsibility . ` He understands that his talent is fundamental for the team . ' Hazard was earlier on Sunday named in the PFA Premier League team of the year - for the third time in his three seasons in England . He was one of six Blues players in the XI , along with captain John Terry , Gary Cahill , Branislav Ivanovic , Nemanja Matic and Diego Costa . The PFA Premier League Team of the Year for the 2014-15 season was announced ahead of Hazard being named Player of the Year . Hazard has benefited from working with Mourinho , with the Portuguese coach adding grit to his naturally flamboyant game . Ivanovic , though , was in no doubt as to the team 's most influential cog . The Serbia defender , speaking about Hazard last week , said : ` He has been our most important player since day one . ` He is the guy who you just have to give the ball and he will do everything . ` Sometimes he looks so impressive , like he is not from this world . ' Hazard arrived at Stamford Bridge in June 2012 - having been crowned Ligue 1 player of the year in each of his final two campaigns with Lille - for a fee reportedly around £ 32million . Tottenham 's Harry Kane - the only English attacking player in the team of the season - took the 2014/15 Young Player of the Year award . The 21-year-old has enjoyed a remarkable rise to stardom , scoring 30 goals for Spurs in all competitions this term despite not being given a regular starting slot until November . He helped Mauricio Pochettino 's men to the Capital One Cup final , and also scored 79 seconds into his senior England debut as a substitute in the 4-0 European Championship qualifying victory over Lithuania at Wembley last month . Elsewhere , Ji So-yun of Chelsea Ladies won the PFA Women 's Player of the Year , while Leah Williamson of Arsenal Ladies won the PFA Women 's Young Player of the Year . Harry Kane capped a tremendous breakout season by walking away with the Young Player of the Year award . Kane 's fairytale season featured a goal at Wembley on his England debut , just seconds after coming on against Lithuania . Kane was only handed a starting spot by Spurs in November , with the 21-year-old hitting 30 goals in all competitions this season . Ji So-yun -LRB- left -RRB- won the PFA Women 's Player of the Year , while Leah Williamson won the PFA Women 's Young Player of the Year .