CBS correspondent Lara Logan , who was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting in Egypt in 2011 , is back home and recovering after she reportedly checked into a DC hospital for at least the fourth time this year . She is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories . A close family friend of Logan 's , financial pundit Ed Butowsky , confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized and revealed the extent of the journalism heavy hitter 's suffering since the attack in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . Scroll down for video . Lara Logan is back home and recovering after being hospitalized for the fourth time this year . Logan pictured shortly before she was sexually assaulted in Tahrir Square while she was reporting on the Egyptian protests in February 2011 . ` Very few people know how stoic and incredibly tough this lady is ... No idea the physical suffering she has been enduring , ' said Butowsky according to the New York Post . Butowsky previously told Breitbart that Logan had been in and out of the hospital since the attack , which occurred while Logan was reporting on the Arab Spring . On February 11 , 2011 , Logan was the victim of a ` sustained and brutal ' sexual assault as she reported from Cairo on the resignation of President Mubarak . She was surrounded by a mob of 200 - 300 men after being dragged away from her TV crew in Tahrir Square , seconds after Egyptian colleagues heard men talking about wanting to take her pants off . The group tore her clothes from her body , groped and beat her , she later told The New York Times . ` For an extended period of time , they raped me with their hands , ' the reporter said and she was subjected to ` aggressive pinching ' . She was rescued by a group of women and up to 20 Egyptian soldiers . Logan has since returned to the Middle East . On Sunday , 60 Minutes aired her report on the persecution of Iraqi Christians by ISIS . ` She did the story while ISIS was just four to six miles from where she was reporting , ' Butowsky said . ` She did the story over the last four to six months on location in the face of ISIS all while suffering from the brutal sexual assault she suffered at the hands of evil forces at play during the Arab Spring . ' CBS told Breitbart in an email : ` We were sorry to hear this morning that Lara was readmitted to the hospital . We wish her a speedy recovery . ' ` In spite of everything she 's had to face in the last two years , people have no idea the physical suffering she has been enduring due to the brutal sexual assault she encountered , ' Logan 's family friend Ed Butowsky -LRB- pictured left -RRB- said . A handful of weeks ago , CBS released a similar statement after Logan was admitted to hospital in late February , as she suffered internal bleeding reportedly from diverticulitis -- a potentially stress-related intestinal condition . The foreign affairs correspondent has digestive diverticulitis , reported Page Six . The condition could have been aggravated by stress . She was expected to remain in the hospital for several days to recover . She had since been released at least long enough to complete her report on Iraqi Christians . Diverticulitis , according to the NIH website , occurs when when pouches , called diverticula , form in the colon and then become inflamed . The last few years have not been completely kind to the South Africa native . Aside from her beating and sexual assault in 2011 , she was forced in 2011 to take a seven-month leave of absence after admitting her report on the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , was based on a discredited first-hand account . And last year she was quarantined in South Africa after reporting from the Ebola hot zone in Liberia . Logan has been married to defense contractor Joseph Burkett since 2008 . The couple have a son and daughter along with Burkett 's daughter from a previous marriage , and live in DC . Lara Logan and her husband Joseph Burkett at the annual White House Correspondents ' Association dinner in DC in 2011 . The couple have been married since 2008 and have two children together . Diverticula are small , bulging pouches that can form in the lining of your digestive system . They are found most often in the lower part of the large intestine -LRB- colon -RRB- . Diverticula are common , especially after age 40 , and seldom cause problems . Sometimes , however , one or more of the pouches become inflamed or infected . That condition is known as diverticulitis . Diverticulitis can cause severe abdominal pain , fever , nausea and a marked change in your bowel habits . Mild diverticulitis can be treated with rest , changes in your diet and antibiotics . Severe or recurring diverticulitis may require surgery .