After two months and more than 100 witnesses , the prosecution has rested in the murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez . The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back . Lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister , was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez 's home on June 17 , 2013 . Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29 , including surveillance videos from inside Hernandez 's home that showed him holding a black object that appeared to be a gun less than 10 minutes after Lloyd 's killing . Scroll down for video . Trial : The jury has rested in the murder trial of former New England Patriots football player Aaron Hernandez after two months and more than 100 witnesses that featured in the prosecution 's case against him . William Zane , of the state medical examiner 's office , points to a mannequin while testifying about the location of bullet wounds in the body of Odin Lloyd during the murder trial of former New England Patriots tight end . A joint found near Lloyd 's body had DNA from both men on it . And the shell of a bullet matching the one that killed Lloyd was found on the floor of Hernandez 's car - stuck to a piece of gum that matched the former Patriot tight end 's DNA . On the final day of testimony , the prosecution heard from William Zane , of the state medical examiner 's office , who used a mannequin to point to where Odin Lloyd was allegedly shot - in the chest and in the back . The defense team , in contrast , is not expected to take long hitting back . Jurors could be sent to deliberate as early as next week . At the time of the alleged murder , Hernandez had a $ 40 million contract with the Patriots . Hernandez 's legal team has contested the legitimacy of the evidence , calling into question the testimony of an employee of weapons manufacturer Glock who had identified the black object as a gun and arguing instead that it was a piece of electronics such as an iPad or a TV remote . They also have gone after the police investigation , painting it as bumbling and inept and saying Hernandez was targeted as a suspect because he is a celebrity . Decision : The defense team is expected to wrap up quickly next week before the jury delivers a verdict . Prosecutor William McCauley announced on Thursday that the prosecution had rested . Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh then sent the jurors home . Garsh is expected to hear arguments Friday on several pending issues . Hernandez 's lawyer James Sultan told Garsh this week that the defense team expects to call witnesses Monday and be completed with their questioning that day . Once the defense rests , each side will deliver a closing argument . Then the jury will be given instructions , and three alternates will be randomly selected from among the 15 jurors immediately before deliberating . A final jury of 12 members will decide Hernandez 's fate . Eighteen jurors began the trial in January , but three were dismissed , including one who is accused of misrepresenting her answers during screening in a bid to get onto the jury .