China have said they are to start tracking the actions of their citizens abroad , following a string of reports about behaviour abroad . The China National Tourism Administration -LRB- CNTA -RRB- said on its website on Monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China , and if necessary , the police , customs officers , border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted . They are hoping the strict measures will encourage Chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad . Big spenders : Shoppers from China and the Far East scramble for bargains during the Christmas sales at Selfridges in London 's Oxford Street . Chinese travellers spent an incredible $ 164 billion on foreign trips last year . Horrific ! A group of Chinese travellers who scalded a flight attendant with hot water and noodles and threatened to blow up a plane . The passengers lashed out at cabin crew after they became enraged over sitting arrangements on a charter flight from Bangkok to Nanjing . According to China People 's Daily , bad behaviour will include : disorder on public transportation － including flights － damaging public facilities or historical relics , ignoring social customs at tourism destinations , and becoming involved with gambling or prostitution . Research by the Bank of America Merrill Lynch found that there were 109 million Chinese tourists in 2014 , who spent $ 164 billion . These figures are a dramatic increase from the 10 million outbound tourists in 2000 , and reflected the rise in numbers of reports on disruptive behaviour . It has been suggested that higher incomes have attributed to more Chinese citizens opting to spend their holidays outside of their country . The CNTA administration said in a separate post : ` tourism reflects on the country and the people 's image , ' and more ` social supervision ' of tourists is needed . In December a brawl started on a Chinese flight from to Chongqing to Hong Kong over a woman 's crying baby . A Chinese holidaymaker has been hit with a fine for washing her feet in a public bathroom on one of Thailand?s picturesque tourist islands . The woman was spotted washing her feet in a sink less than 30 minutes after island officials posted a no foot washing sign . Over the last few years , a number of embarrassing incidents have helped to tarnish the worldwide reputation of Chinese tourists . In December 2014 a group of Chinese travellers scalded an air stewardess with hot water and noodles and then threatened to blow up the plane , after they were told they could not sit together . It is hoped stricter measures will deter future misdemeanours abroad . Airport staff at the place where Chinese passenger Hu Hsieh caused chaos at the airport after opening the emergency door in his eagerness to get out . China Eastern Airlines flight MU2036 travelling from Chengdu to Beijing was already seven hours behind schedule at 3:45 am on Saturday morning because of snow when a man named reportedly opened three emergency exits .