A series of billboards posted around New York City are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to Detroit . The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them . ` The idea really is to spread the word about Detroit as far as we can . We love the idea of Detroit being appealing to talented people from New York or anywhere , ' said Detroit native Courtney Henriette told The Detroit News . A series of billboards posted around New York City - including this one in Bushwick in Brooklyn - are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to Detroit . The people behinds the ads not only want exposure for their new restaurant but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them . She , together with chef Brad Greenhill , live in Detroit while a third partner , Philip Kafka , owns the New York-based boutique billboard company responsible for the ads . There are four billboards -- two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn -- which went up about a month ago . The posters say things like ` Detroit : Just west of Bushwick , ' another says , ` Detroit : Be left alone ' below a rainbow and a third states ` Detroit : Now Hiring . ' Katoi , which opens in June , is hiring staff , but the billboards are more about advertising Detroit 's entrepreneurial and creative opportunities , explains Henriette . She says she has been encouraged by the response the campaign has received so far and that while NYC offers an established culture , Detroit offers people the opportunity to start from scratch . There are four billboards -- two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn -- which went up about a month ago . Detroit restaurant Katoi , which opens in June , is hiring staff , but the billboards are more about advertising Detroit 's entrepreneurial and creative opportunities , said Courtney Henriette . ` Detroit appeals to people who really want to make something . There is so much opportunity but in order to grow we need people to come with their creative ideas and that brain power can be inspiring to all of us , ' she told Daily Mail Online . In 1950 , Detroit was America 's fifth largest city and one of the most prosperous on the back of its booming motor industry . But almost 55 years on , a dwindling motor industry and a dramatic fall in blue collar jobs has caused people to leave the Michigan city , abandoning their homes and businesses . For decades blighted by financial troubles , Detroit is currently undergoing a program of revitalization and with low rents and plenty of space it can offer opportunities for people increasing being priced out of NYC . For decades blighted by financial troubles , Detroit is currently undergoing a program of revitalization and with low rents and plenty of space it can offer opportunities for people increasing being priced out of NYC .