Ben Grower -LRB- above -RRB- , a Labour councillor , refused to deal with a constituent because they supported Ukip , it has been claimed . A Labour councillor refused to deal with a local resident because they supported Ukip , it has been claimed . Pensioner Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping . He signed off his email with : ` That 's why I 'll be voting Ukip ' . Ben Grower , leader of the authority 's Labour group , responded : ` As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted . ' Mr Roberts said he was shocked by the ` petty ' reply . The 65-year-old said : ` I am certainly not a racist and I do not think Ukip is racist . ` My comments about regaining our country is in relation to the fact that we are getting more and more laws from the EU . ' A formal complaint has been lodged against Mr Grower and the council is investigating . However Mr Grower stood by his comments , saying : ` Ukip is a racist party . ' He added that he has nothing to apologise for . ` I do n't believe that everyone that votes for UKIP is racist just like I do n't believe everyone who votes for Labour is socialist . , ' he said . A spokesman from UKIP said : ` This is a serious breach of his -LSB- Mr Grower 's -RSB- responsibility to treat all people from Bournemouth in the same courteous and respectful manner , regardless of their race , colour or political persuasion . ' Six years ago Mr Grower was subject to another council investigation after it was found he had used an alias to praise his own work on a local newspaper website . He used the pseudonym ` Omegaman ' to publicly big up the part he played in the community . Pensioner Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping -LRB- stock image above -RRB- . He signed off his email with : ` That 's why I 'll be voting Ukip '