Hillary Clinton is deadly serious about attracting young and tech-savvy voters in 2016 , hiring a new digital guru who hails from the world 's most powerful online brand . Stephanie Hannon , who was the tech giant 's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact , will serve as her presidential campaign 's chief technology officer . In that role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites , mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state 's brand through the 2016 elections . Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps . She also spent some time at Facebook , and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite , according to her LinkedIn profile . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . DEADLY SERIOUS : Clinton , 67 , is priming the pump for a digital outreach campaign tailored to the expectations of younger , more tech-savvy voters . SECOND TIME AROUND : Clinton ran unsuccessfully for president in 2008 , but the online landscape has evolved since then . That profile describes her Google projects as including ` changing how the world prepares and responds to natural disasters , using big data and experiments to enable cities to make evidenced based decisions and sharing transparent election ballot , candidate and results globally . ' Stephanie Hannon , director of product management , civic innovation and social impact at Google , has come aboard the Hillary Express as Mrs. Clinton 's technology guru . Seasoned digital talent is in high demand as nearly 20 potential White House hopefuls plan for a 2016 campaign season that will rely heavily on clicks , likes , shares and other indications of a broad reach . Every major party candidate will have to navigate the brave new world of online fundraising , too , which President Barack Obama 's team mastered in 2008 en route to his victory -- including a stunning Democratic primary upset of Clinton . Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul , who announced his candidacy on Tuesday in Louisville , poached his tech leader from rival candidate Ted Cruz late last year . Vincent Harris , who also helped manicure Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell 's online image during a bruising re-election fight in 2014 , runs his own Texas consulting firm with a staff of 20 . His team was responsible for McConnell 's breakthrough video ` What rhymes with Alison Lundergan Grimes , ' a brief online ad that launched a year-long slap-fest directed at McConnell 's unsuccessful challenger . IN YOUR FACE : The ` Ready for Hillary ' super PAC has adopted an iconic , mock-worthy photo of Clinton on her Blackberry as its poster image , laughing off claims that Clinton 's infamous private email server will get in the way of her presidential ambitions . POACHED : Vincent Harris -LRB- left -RRB- , the Rand Paul presidential campaign 's digital chief , worked for Ted Cruz unti lthe Kentuckian lured him away . The Washington Post was first to report Clinton 's latest hire . The onetime first lady and former U.S. senator has n't yet launched an official campaign , but an announcement is expected in the next 10 days . Her campaign-in-waiting has already signed a lease for two floors of a Brooklyn , New York , office building , starting a 15-day countdown for a formal declaration of her candidacy set by the Federal Election Commission . Clinton 's staff also includes several key members who came over from the White House . Kristina Schake was first lady Michelle Obama 's aide responsible for recasting her as a fun-loving ` everywoman ' through TV appearances on pop-culture shows . She will help transform Clinton into a softer , more accessible public figure . White House Communications Director Jen Palmieri stepped down this month to helm Clinton 's campaign communications team . Palmieri has been replaced by Jen Psaki , the former State Department chief spokeswoman . EMAIL-GATE : South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy has n't let go of demands for Clinton 's home-brew email server , which contained her correspondence from the State Department until she erased it . It 's unclear whether Hannon will be able to help Clinton shed her image as a ham-fisted and digitally aloof schemer , a reputation that has followed her since a scandal broke over emails she deleted froma private server she maintained during her years in the Obama administration . Questions remain about whether Clinton acted improperly when she conducted all her State Department email communications on a home-brew system completely separate from government computers and the archiving required by federal law . South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy , at the helm of a special congressional committee tasked with investigating the deadly 2012 terror attacks at a State Department facility in Benghazi , Libya , did not respond to a request for comment about the status of the probe into Clinton 's emails .