Three people have been sent to prison and another two are awaiting sentencing for their roles in a horrific assault on a 53-year-old man , who was beaten , tied to a chair , and covered in offensive tattoos . A Philadelphia court heard Thursday that Corry ` Corey ' Campbell , 21 , was the ringleader of the gang , who have become known as the ` tattoo terrorists ' . Campbell believed the victim , Greg Valecce , had hurt his cat , Pebbles . Valecce , an unemployed drug addict , had been staying in the basement of Campbell 's mother 's house in Mayfair , in the city 's northeast , however that basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days . Torture chamber : Corry ` Corey ' Campbell , 21 -LRB- left -RRB- , the ringleader of a gang dubbed the ` tattoo terrorists ' was jailed for 20 years Thursday for the abuse in March/April 21 . David Harrison -LRB- right -RRB- is awaiting sentencing . Accomplices : Sandra Ng , 19 -LRB- left -RRB- , Campbell 's girlfriend , was sentenced to 23 months in state prison for her role in the shocking assault last year , while another defendant Jennifer Pratt , 40 , is awaiting trial . Campbell apparently discovered that Pebbles had suffered a broken leg and had reason to believe Valecce was responsible . The incident occurred in late March 2014 , according to philly.com . Campbell , his girlfriend Sandra Ng , 19 , and friend Carl Halin , 18 , cornered Valecce in the basement and took turns punching , slapping and spitting on him . On top of hurting Pebbles , Campbell believed Valecce had also stolen money and some weed . The trio , described by the paper as ` wannabe gangsters ' , filmed the abuse , with the video played in court this week . ` Please stop , ' Valecce could be heard saying while crying into his hands . ` Please , please stop . ' Ng could be heard in every video screaming at Valecce to stand up , so she could pummel him and call him a ` b -- ' . After Valecce was beaten he was tied to a chair . While restrained Campbell tattooed ` RIP Pebbles ' onto his right arm along with a smiley face that had breasts for eyes and a penis for a nose . Halin then took over the tattoo gun . He inked swastikas , Stars of David , two variations of the N-word and a penis ejaculating on a rainbow with the words ` Gay Pride ' beside it , Philly.com reported . Valecce suffered three busted ribs , two broken wrists and fractured bones in his face . He was able to escape on April 1 while the others slept and contact police . The incident lasted about 42 hours , the court was told . Scene : The abuse occurred in the basement of a rowhouse on Brighton Ave , Mayfair in north Philadelphia . During a search of the house , police allegedly found a tattoo gun , needles , ink vials and related paraphernalia , along with 155 grams of marijuana , several bottles of prescription drugs and Valecce 's debit card , which he claimed had been stolen from him . Valecce has since had the tattoos removed , with a local parlor giving him free service , but says the incident has left him with irrevocable damage . ` I 'm scared to go outside now , ' Valecce told Common Pleas Court Judge Charles Ehrlich Thursday . ` I have nightmares . I ca n't sleep . ' All three were charged with aggravated assault , conspiracy and false imprisonment . They all pleaded guilty . Campbell 's attorney said his client had a rough childhood , with his father leaving , suicide attempts and dependencies on Xanax and weed . He was sentenced to 20 years in state prison . Halin received the same sentence for what he did to Valecce . Ng , whose attorney who said she had fallen in with the wrong people at school , was sentenced to 23 months in a state prison . Another man involved , David Thomas , 28 , is awaiting sentencing , while another defendant Jennifer Pratt , 40 , is awaiting trial .