A mass doggy wedding saw more than 40 pooches , complete with tulle wedding dresses and celebrity guests , tie the knot in a park in Beijing on Sunday . The collective ceremony , which was billed the first of its kind to be held in China , was organised by a new social media app designed for pets . A traditional wedding march played as the love-struck pooches were led down the aisle by their owners to ` exchange vows ' and receive marriage certificates , according to the People 's Daily Online . Love-struck pooches were led up the aisle by owners to ` exchange vows ' and receive marriage certificates . Canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and , in one case , a stretch Hummer limousine . Forty-two dogs tied the knot at the wedding , which is complete with tulle wedding dresses and celebrity owners . No expense was spared for the special occasion , as the 21 canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine . Organisers set up lavish flower arches and banquet tables in the park , where the couples showed off their outfits . One pet owner who attended the wedding , Ms Li , said : ` I have attended many weddings before , but this is the first time I 've ever been to such a large scale collective pet wedding . ` Looking at these lovely pets getting married and listening to their stories , I was really moved . ' One owner said this was the first collective pet wedding for her and she was really moved by the scene . Organisers said the wedding was designed to give pets and their owners a day to remember . The ceremony was also designed to raise awareness of animal rights , said the organiser . Organiser Zhang Zhongsham , CEO of pet social media app Smack Talk , said the event was designed not only to give pets and their owners a day to remember , but also to raise awareness of animal rights . He said : ` The idea of a collective wedding came about from our previous communication and research with users . ` This is our first try and we want to take the opportunity to continually promote the development of the pet industry , improve the social lives of our pets and allow them to enjoy egalitarian treatment to that of mankind . ' Among the guests were Chinese Olympic gymnast and gold medallist Teng Haibin , who married off his pet . The organiser Smack Talk , which is available in Simplified Chinese on iPhone and Android , allows pets to have their own social media profile page and aims to get pets ` speaking ' via their owners . The app has gained millions of users in three months . Chinese Olympic gymnast and gold medallist Teng Haibin -LRB- centre -RRB- also married off his pet . The wedding is organised by Smack Talk , a social media app for pets to have their own online pages .