An alleged online sex offender accused of raping five children and involving 20 more in the making of child pornography has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences . The 47-year-old man from Warwick , 150 km south-west of Brisbane , has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states , including taking some of his victims to hotel rooms where he allegedly raped them . Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography . So far 28 victims have been identified from Queensland , NSW and Victoria , but police believe there may be others as far away as Western Australia . The 47-year-old man -LRB- not pictured -RRB- from Warwick , 150 km south-west of Brisbane , has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states -LRB- file photo -RRB- . The man is accused of offering his victims money or using extortion to force the children to send him indecent images . The alleged offences took place between 2002 until 2015 . The man allegedly used a variety of social media sites and chat rooms using names like ` Jazz ' , ` Jazzman ' and ` David Bourne ' to lure the children in . ` He 's used different methods to try to get kids to perform sexual acts on him , ' police said , according to the ABC . ` He offered money , lots of other things , various services . ` What the man has done is horrific . ' The man faces five charges of rape , four counts of indecent treatment of children under 16 , and eight counts of grooming child under 16 with intent to procure engagement in a sexual act . He is also charged with 20 counts of involving children in making child exploitation material , 11 of making child exploitation material , two of making a child abuse film , and one of distributing child exploitation material . Police allege the man from Warwick used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them . He will appear in the Warwick Magistrates Court on Monday . Police say investigations are continuing and they want to hear from anyone who may have had contact with a man using the names Jazz , Jazzman and David Bourne on social media sites . Anyone with information that could assist with this matter should contact Crime Stoppers via 1800 333 000 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .