Greece 's Football Federation -LRB- EPO -RRB- could be suspended from international competition over government interference should a proposed new law be voted in , FIFA and UEFA have warned . Following continuous problems with crowd trouble , the Greek government has put together a new set of regulations in an attempt to crack down on violence at sports events . FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence in running their own affairs and sent a joint letter to EPO president Giorgos Girtzikis warning that it ` would have no option but to refer the case to the relevant bodies for immediate sanctions , including the suspension of the Hellenic Football Federation -LRB- EPO -RRB- . ' The Greek government wants to stamp out incidents such as this in a March AEK Athens-Olympiakos match . A new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events is opposed by FIFA and UEFA . The bill , entitled ` Measures for the confrontation of violence in Greek sports and other provisions ' , will be initially reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee from April 27-30 and then discussed in parliament on May 4-5 . Stavros Kontonis , Deputy Minister for Education , Culture and Religious Affairs , criticised FIFA and UEFA in a strongly worded media statement , accusing both governing bodies of showing little interest in helping solve the issues of violence which have caused matches in Greece to be suspended three times just this season . ` It appears that they are not interested in solving the evils plaguing Greek football , but are instead seeking ways to offend the Greek constitutional order and the Greek people , especially the country 's football fans , which have to put up with the current scene of rot and corruption , something which the government is trying to overturn , ' Kontonis said . Football 's governing bodies have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence . Kontonis has invited FIFA and UEFA to Athens ahead of the planned three-day discussion of the bill . ` We hope that both federations understand the serious , accumulating problems of Greek football and that they will engage constructively and actively in the process of consolidation , democratisation and transparency , ' he added . -LRB- editing by Justin Palm .