Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week , prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain 's biggest fans - and a series of serious warnings from health experts about the calorie-laden food options , some of which contain more than half of an adult 's recommended daily intake of salt . The new menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts , one 380-calorie loaded bagel , one 640-calorie chicken-filled pretzel bun and a ` low fat ' 210-calorie steak and cheese wrap . ` This new menu is laden with calories and fat . Many of these calories are considered `` empty calories '' meaning that they have little or no nutritional value , ' cardiologist Dr Kevin Campbell told Daily Mail Online . Warnings : Dunkin Donuts ' new spring menu features the 640-calorie Pretzel Roll Chicken Sandwich which contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance of salt . Sweet tooth ? The new menu also features two new flavors of the chain 's Cheesecake Square Donuts , which each contain upwards of 340 calories . Obesity and obesity-related illness has become epidemic ; in the US alone obesity and obesity-related illness accounts for a $ 150 billion dollars of healthcare expenditures annually . ` As adults we must set good examples for our children because they pattern our behavior we must avoid eating food such as these presented on the new menu at Dunkin' Donuts . ' Indeed , the food chain 's new Pretzel Roll Chicken Sandwich - which is described on the Dunkin Donuts website as containing ` delicious breaded chicken , cheddar cheese , bacon and honey mustard ' which are all ` served on an oven-toasted pretzel bun ' - contains a whopping 640 calories , almost a third of your recommended daily intake . Additionally , the sandwich contains 1,560 mg of sale , which is equal to 68 per cent of the daily recommended intake of 2,300 mg . The roll also contains 25g of fat - 38 per cent of your daily intake . And when paired with one of Dunkin Donuts ' new ice cream-inspired coffee flavors - Rocky Road Swirl , Butter Pecan Swirl , or Cookie Dough Swirl - customers are adding a minimum of 200 odd calories to their meal , if they opt for whole milk and sugar in their coffee . Another option listed on the new menu is the Southwest Supreme Bagel , which is stuffed with cheese , corn , black beans , peppers , tomatoes , onions and spices and contains 380 calories and 890 mg of salt - which is 37 per cent of the recommended intake . Something savory : The Southwest Supreme Bagel contains 380 calories and 890 mg of salt . Healthy ? The 210-calorie Snack N ' Go Steak Wrap is intended to be a low-calorie alternative to the other menu options , however it still contains 25 per cent of your daily saturated fat intake . Healthier than the pretzel roll , yes , but still not the most nutritious treat around . Indeed , the only ` healthy ' option offered on the new menu is a small Snack N ' Go Steak Wrap , a 210-calorie snack that contains ` our delicious angus steak , a slice of cheddar cheese and honey mustard sauce , wrapped in a warm tortilla ' . But while this tasty treat is being marketed as a healthier , low-calorie option , it still contains five grams of saturated fats , which is the equivalent of 25 per cent of your recommended daily intake . Last , but not least , the menu also contains two new varieties of Dunkin Donuts ' signature Cheesecake Square Donut , which is essentially a sugary pastry stuffed with cheesecake filling , this time in Oreo and raspberry flavors . And while the nutritional information for these individual sweet treats has not yet been made available on the Dunkin website , the standard Cheesecake Square Donut contains 340 calories and eight grams of saturated fats - 40 per cent of your daily allowance . Unsurprisingly , the chain 's unhealthy menu options have prompted some health-conscious Twitter users to voice their concerns over the calorie-laden choices . ` If Dunkin Donuts replaced their white flour with organic whole wheat and sugar with stevia , they would probably still be unhealthy , ' one man wrote , while one woman added : ` These Dunkin Donuts options have to be the most unhealthy things ever . '