Sergey Bubka , Sebastian Coe 's rival for IAAF president , launched his election manifesto on Wednesday with a promise to take a hardline approach to doping . The Ukrainian pole vault great is battling with fellow IAAF vice-president Coe for the top job at athletics ' world governing body . The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics . Sergey Bubka launched his election manifesto on Wednesday with a promise to crack down on doping . Bubka is Sebastian Coe 's rival for IAAF president , the top job at athletics ' world governing body . Bubka launched his manifesto , entitled ` Taking Athletics to New Heights ' in an internet broadcast and presented his plans for the future of the sport . Speaking on Wednesday , the 51-year-old said : ` We need to show clear zero tolerance for doping . ' Bubka said there was ` no acceptance for cheaters ' , adding : ` We must protect clean sport , clear athletics . ' Bubka also called for a ` very deep study ' to look at the possibility of imposing sanctions on national federations who have a high number of doping cases , given the associated legal complications . ` You would like to do many more sanctions , you would like to do more punishment , but to combine it legally it 's always created an issue , ' he said . Bubka launched his manifesto , entitled ` Taking Athletics to New Heights ' in an internet broadcast . ` We need to study legally how we can strengthen our position , in which way we can put sanctions , if we need to put sanctions on the national federation which violates , I believe this issue needs to have very deep study . ' He emphasised the need to hold members of an athlete 's entourage , like coaches and doctors , to account in doping cases , the importance of education in the fight against doping and collaboration with the World Anti-Doping Agency and national federations . In his manifesto , Bubka also stressed the importance of engaging with a younger audience and attracting younger participants and of helping to strengthen national associations . An Anti-Doping test is taken during the European Athletics Championship in Zurich in August last year . ` Strong national associations mean a strong IAAF , ' he said . He outlined his plans for an extensive review of the sport called Vision 2025 . ` Vision 2025 aims to identify and examine every significant element of our sport and determine how it can be improved to ensure we are in the best possible shape for the future , ' he added . The vote to decide whether Coe or Bubka will succeed Lamine Diack takes place in Beijing in August . Bubka said , if elected , he would create the new position of chief executive , set up a business commission and look to attract new global sponsors . ` The IAAF is a global brand and we must generate greater commercial revenue , ' he said . The vote to decide who will succeed the long-standing IAAF president Lamine Diack will take place at the IAAF Congress in Beijing in August .