A 17-year-old boy who was killed after breaking out into Gangnam Style dancing in his local corner shop had aspirations of going on Britain 's Got Talent , his heartbroken mother has revealed . Speaking for the first time since Jordan Brennan 's killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter , Kim reveals how her son was a ` cheeky chappy ' and ` lots of fun ' , and would ` dance and sing all the time . He was a real show off ' . However , the 43-year-old mother-of-five , from Gorton , Manchester , has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence , saying : ` There is no justice at all . ' Jordan 's heartbroken mum , Kim , 43 , said : ` Jordan loved dancing -- and he was killed because of it . ' She told of how her son longed to go on Britain 's Got Talent , and how he had made a recording of an Ed Sheeran song . Jordan Brennan was attacked in September last year , as he left his local shop . ` His favourite question was : ` Have you got £ 1 mum ? ' . In tribute , his mother Kim says they all threw a pound coin into his grave for him . Jordan was attacked in September 2014 , after breaking into the dance made famous by South Korean artist Psy , but it enraged the other boy , 16 , who thought his South East Asian ethnicity was being mocked . After claiming Jordan bumped into him as he spun round , the 16-year old attacker tried to stop the victim and ordered him to apologise - but the pair became involved in a tussle . As they struggled , Jordan fell back and hit his head on metal shutters before his head hit the concrete floor below . College student Jordan got to his feet and walked home not realising he had suffered a serious head injury in the bust up . He was found lifeless in bed at 9 am the following morning when Kim tried to raise him for breakfast . Tests showed he had suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on the brain . At Manchester Crown Court in March , the killer , now 17 , was jailed for eight months . Speaking about the incident for the first time , Kim said : ` His six-year-old sister had taught him a new dance on the day he died , and he was showing off in his local shop , in high spirits , which was typical of him . ' Speaking about the incident for the first time , Kim said of Jordan : ` His six-year-old sister had taught him a new dance on the day he died , and he was showing off in his local shop , in high spirits , which was typical of him . ' ` He always sang in front of the mirror and he loved admiring himself , ' Kim Brennan -LRB- right -RRB- said of her son -LRB- left -RRB- , who she added loved dancing and showing off . She told of how her son longed to go on Britain 's Got Talent , and how he had made a recording of an Ed Sheeran song . ` He loved dancing to ` Gangnam Style ' and The Shuffle , but that day , it cost him his life , ' she said . She said that Jordan was a typical teenager , a keen footballer and fisherman , who loved girls , music , singing and fashion . Kim said : ` Jordan was a really cheeky chappy . He was lots of fun ; he loved music and dancing and when Gangnam Style was released , he loved it . He would dance and sing all the time . He was a real show-off . ` He always sang in front of the mirror and he loved admiring himself . ` His favourite question was : `` Have you got £ 1 mum ? '' . In tribute , we all threw a pound coin into his grave for him . It broke my heart . ' Kim said Jordan , pictured holding his baby sister , always sang in front of the mirror and loved admiring himself . His mother Kim says she went to the local shop in Gorton , Manchester to see what had happened . The shop owner confirmed Jordan had been dancing the shuffle and ` Gangnam Style ' before he was attacked by a stranger who had then disappeared . Jordan 's mum , Kim , says the killer 's eight month sentence is an insult to her son 's memory . On the day that Jordan died in September last year , his little sister , Millie , six , had taught him to do a dance called ` The Shuffle ' . Kim said : ` The pair of them were dancing in the kitchen and they had me in stitches laughing . ` Millie kept saying to him : `` Do n't bend your knees '' . ` Eventually , he got the hang of it and he and Millie were messing around and laughing . ' Early in the evening , Jordan went out with his friend , Lewis . Kim said : ` Jordan came back and said that someone in the local shop had hit him because he was dancing . He was rubbing his neck so I checked him over thoroughly but he seemed fine . ` He seemed a bit tipsy and I told him off and said he 'd have a hangover in the morning . ` It was only after he died that I found out he was n't tipsy at all - he had a head injury . I just presumed , like a typical 17-year-old , he had sneaked a couple of drinks . ` I torture myself that I did n't take him to hospital . ' Kim herself went to the local shop to see what had happened , and the shop owner confirmed Jordan had been dancing the shuffle and Gangnam Style before he was attacked by a stranger who had then disappeared . Kim said : ` Jordan seemed OK , he ate dinner and went to bed but was sick during the night . Again , I thought it was perhaps alcohol , and so I cleaned him up , helped him change his pyjamas , and he went back to sleep . ` I looked in on him again when I went to the toilet at around 3 am and he was fine . ' But at 8.30 am , when Kim and her daughter Millie went to wake him , Jordan was dead . Kim said : ` Millie and me went into his room as usual ; she was full of beans and she was armed with a deodorant because she always complained that Jordan 's feet smelled . Jordan 's family and friends walk past the funeral procession . Jordan 's mother Kim said she knew there was something wrong when she found him lying in bed . Pictured , friends and family at his funeral . ` But I knew , from one look at his face , that there was something dreadfully wrong . ' Kim called an ambulance as she frantically tried to resuscitate her son . Police inquiries revealed that Jordan had been attacked as he left the shop , with his killer pushing , pulling and kicking him , causing him to fall twice , banging his head on metal shutters and again on the pavement . Kim said : ` I had to move out of the house whilst forensics took over . It was horrendous . Millie kept asking for her big brother . Our whole family was devastated . ' A now 17-year-old youth was charged with murder , but prosecutors accepted a guilty plea to manslaughter , concluding he could not be proven he intended to kill . The court heard the ` flashpoint ' for the fatal incident was Jordan ` dancing and making reference to ` Gangnam Style ' . The attacker claimed he took the remarks as ` racist ' and ` mocking ' because of his ethnicity . But prosecutor Rob Hall said Jordan may simply have been ` in high spirits and exuberant ' and that he was of good character and there was nothing at all to suggest his actions were racist . The youth was jailed for just eight months , leaving Kim and her family devastated . Kim said : ` For the killer to say he took Jordan 's dance as racist or offensive is disgusting . Jordan was just dancing , as he always did , regardless of who was watching . ` Jordan was killed because he had a sense of fun , that 's all there is to it . It 's a disgrace that his killer is allowed to say such things when my son is n't here to talk for himself . ` There is no justice at all . The sentence is an insult to Jordan 's memory . '