Overcoming terminal cancer through healthy eating - that statement in print appears dubious at best . But it becomes completely believable when it is brought to life through the inspirational , optimistic , comeback story of a charismatic , beautiful , young woman named Belle Gibson . Belle cast a spell through her endearing vulnerability and charming personality , collecting an enormous social media following who were enamoured with her brave account of reclaiming her health . Wellness warrior Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness . Now that Belle has admitted she made her story up , we ask ourselves , how could we have fallen so hard for an account of what many have called a medical miracle , without a shred of supporting evidence ? The answer is very simple . We wanted to believe . And we did not so much believe in Belle 's story , as we believed in Belle . Everyone loves a heart-warming account of overcoming the odds . We were enchanted by Belle 's journey , as well as by Belle herself . A beautiful , young , inspirational woman , we fell in love with her story as well as with her -- which caused us even to downplay the rumours and suspicions of sceptics within the medical community as the fabric of her brave fight against cancer began to unravel . Here are five ways that the Belle 's of the world win us over . She founded the Whole Pantry - a book and app which over 300,000 people have downloaded . Appearances are Reality -- and Seeing is Believing . Believe it or not , studies show that people can not distinguish between behaviour that is honest and behaviour that is deceptive . This causes us to make the easier judgement -- that other people are truthful . To make matters worse , when we like someone , we are likely to believe they are truthful , even when they are lying . How do we overcome the truthfulness bias ? One way is to closely examine a person 's motives . When someone relays a heart-warming story , as Belle did , what is she getting out of it ? While many people do not want to spoil a happy ending with a cloud of suspicion , examining prospective outcomes for the storyteller often raises suspicions about potential ulterior motives that might otherwise never come to light . Wendy L. Patrick PhD says we fell for Belle Gibson because ` we love heartwarming stories -- especially comeback stories ' Born to Bond - There is a Bit of Belle in All of Us . We love heart-warming stories -- especially comeback stories . Especially when we feel an affinity to the heroine . We were Belle 's cheerleaders as she recounted her fight against cancer -- using a weapon we all have at our disposal : healthy eating . Every one of us could be Belle in the future , because cancer strikes without warning . We loved walking along side her in her journey , recognizing there is a bit of Belle in all of us . We identified with her vulnerability , celebrated her success in regaining her health , and felt empowered by the recognition that although we each face different hurdles , if she could beat the odds , so can we . ` We loved walking along side her in her journey , recognizing there is a bit of Belle in all of us ' Credibility Clouds Perception : Failing to Heed Belle 's Alarm Bells . Credible people are welcome sources of security . We feel comfortable following their lead , and taking their advice . Belle released a whole foods recipe book and top-rating food app , which thousands of people bought . Why ? Because she was a certified nutritionist ? Because the medical community validated her recipes ? Nope . Simply because we liked her , and therefore viewed her as credible . When we view someone as credible , we rely on their guidance and believe what they say . Unfortunately , this blind trust can create emotional blinders that cause us to miss , misinterpret , or discount red flags . Credibility is not a speaker trait , but a perception created in an audience . Credible , likeable , well-spoken communicators are believed to possess a wide range of positive traits including reliability , trustworthiness , goodwill , and expertise . Believe it or not , we also view such people as an authority , even when we do not have any personal knowledge of their credentials . Wendy L Patrick is the author of RED FLAGS : How to Spot Frenemies , Underminers , and Toxic People . The Power of Attraction -- the Halo Effect . Belle Gibson is an attractive young woman with an endearing personality . We ca n't help but smile as we watch the video footage documenting her journey , including her hopes , dreams , and bright plans for the future . Belle 's emotional appeal stems from the halo effect -- where we tend to clothe attractive , likeable people with a host of other positive characteristics that they do not have . These characteristics include trustworthiness and honesty . ` Once we form a positive impression of another person , good luck trying to change our mind ' Trading Rose Colored Glasses for Reading Glasses . Once we form a positive impression of another person , good luck trying to change our mind . We are incredibly resistant to negative information that threatens an emotionally pleasing positive impression we have of someone we have grown to like , respect , or admire . So many people fell in love with Belle 's approachable , endearing , likeable persona , they were fanatical in their support of her straightforward , simple , healthy strategy of battling one of the world 's deadliest conditions . The lesson here ? The next time you hear a seemingly unbelievable story narrated by an attractive , emotional pleasing storyteller , trade in your rose colored classes for reading glasses , to ensure that you can and should believe what you see . Dr. Patrick 's book outlines how to spot 'em otional blinders ' and what red flags to pay attention to . Wendy L Patrick PhD is the author of RED FLAGS : How to Spot Frenemies , Underminers , and Toxic People , available now through Nero .