Phil Taylor suffered his fourth loss of the Premier League season with defeat to Dave Chisnall in a dramatic night of darts on Thursday . Taylor , the 16-time World Champion , squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4 . The defeat for Taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth . Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall during their Premier League darts clash . Chisnall celebrates after his victory moved him up to second in the table after nine matches of the season . Michael van Gerwen 7-4 James Wade . Phil Taylor 4-7 Dave Chisnall . Stephen Bunting 6-6 Kim Huybrechts . Adrian Lewis 7-4 Peter Wright . Gary Anderson 6-6 Raymond van Barneveld . In contrast the victory for Chisnall moved him up to second in the table after Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van Barneveld . This clash was the last in a pulsating evening in Manchester dubbed ` Judgement Night ' with five of the 10 players all facing the threat of elimination . Going into his match against Anderson , Van Barneveld knew he needed a positive result to keep his Premier League hopes alive following Adrian Lewis ' 7-4 win over Peter Wright earlier . And the Dutchman duly delivered by taking a 5-3 lead against the Scot , which ensured he earned at least a point , before drawing 6-6 . That draw , coupled with Lewis ' win , meant that Wright was one of two players to be eliminated from this year 's tournament - and cruelly so via leg difference . Raymond van Barneveld survived elimination on ` Judgement Night ' with a 6-6 draw against Gary Anderson . Van Barneveld 's draw meant that Peter Wright -LRB- left -RRB- was one of two players to be eliminated this season . Wright was cruelly eliminated on leg difference after losing 7-4 against Adrian ` Jackpot ' Lewis . Belgian Kim Huybrechts also suffered Premier League elimination after a 6-6 draw vs Stephen Bunting . The 45-year-old was joined by Belgian Kim Huybrechts after he lost his sixth Premier League match of the season . Huybrechts knew he needed to take a victory to keep alive his hopes but instead he missed hree match darts as he drew 6-6 with Stephen Bunting . Elsewhere league leader Michael van Gerwen continued his unbeaten record in the competition as he swept past James Wade 7-4 . Van Gerwen has now won seven and drawn two of his opening nine matches of the campaign . Michael van Gerwen -LRB- pictured -RRB- continued his unbeaten record as he swept past James Wade 7-4 .