Row : Tinie Tempah pictured performing at an ` intimate gig ' in Canterbury last night , where he arrived late and then played just two songs . Fans of rapper Tinie Tempah were left furious when the star turned up hours late to his own ` intimate gig ' and only performed two songs before leaving . Music lovers paid nearly £ 40 to see the singer perform in Canterbury last night - only to wait for more than three hours for him to arrive . He then spent just a few minutes on stage , playing two of his songs before telling the crowd ` See you on tour ' and leaving . The club which hosted the event has apologised to the audience and accused Tinie of breaking his contract with them . The event was advertised as ` an exclusive and intimate gig with one of Britain 's most talented performers ' , with tickets starting at £ 30 plus booking fees . Some fans are believed to have paid more than £ 100 to meet Tinie , 26 , whose real name is Patrick Okogwu and who is best known for his 2010 hit Pass Out . Ticket-holders had been warned that they would not be let in if they arrived after 11 pm - even though Tinie was not there until at least three hours later . One member of the audience told MailOnline that she stormed out in disgust when the star failed to turn up until after 2 am , and then stayed in a VIP area meeting fans for another hour . ` We were told we needed to be there by 11 , but he did n't turn up until well past two , ' said the 20-year-old student , who did not want to be named . ` Me and my friend left after three and he still had n't played . ` We were n't the only people who left early , a lot of people left . People were n't happy . ' Fans who stayed for the late-night performance were treated to just two songs before Tinie walked off stage , telling the audience : ` See you on tour . ' Venue : Bosses at Club Chemistry said they would seek a refund from Tinie 's management . One ticket-holder wrote on Twitter today : ` Clearly success does n't equal class , Tinie Tempah showed how little he cares about his fans in Canterbury last night . ' She added : ` He did n't deliver on his promises to the club , half-heartedly performed two songs rather than a full set then left . ' A spokesman for Club Chemistry told MailOnline that Tinie had breached his contract for the event - and claimed that at one point he threatened not to play a single song . ` We have never been so utterly let down or disappointed by someone we were so excited about , ' she said . ` There was nothing we could do . At one stage his manager actually told us he was not going to perform at all ! ' Success : Tinie Tempah pictured in 2011 after winning two Brit awards for his debut album . Organisers apologised to those who had bought tickets , saying in a statement : ` We are as disappointed as you . We were promised a two hour set with DJ Charlesy that included a decent performance from Tinie Tempah , as well as meet , greet and photos . ` It was all a massive let-down . We have lodged a formal complaint with his management and have demanded your ticket money back . ` Club Chemistry is committed to delivering quality artists and entertainment and it would appear that some people are not as dedicated to the cause as we are . ' The club said that it would make sure members of the audience are ` compensated ' and promised to keep them updated . Representatives for Tinie Tempah failed to return a request for comment on the row .