With its blend of Portuguese and Chinese culture , it did n't take us long to discover the unique appeal of Macau . Soon after arriving by high-speed TurboJET ferry from Hong Kong , we were sitting in Antonio , a beautifully tiled restaurant that could easily have been in Lisbon . The food and drink was excellent -LRB- owner Antonio Coelho whips up a mean souffle -RRB- , and the fado singing of entertainer Marcelino was truly memorable . Scroll down for video . Macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , The Venetian . Located at the mouth of the Pearl River Delta at the southern tip of China , Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands -- Taipa and Coloane -- connected by three dramatic bridges . It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China . Wandering with our guide through Macau 's Historic Centre the next morning , it was evident how the Portuguese influence has been maintained through the architecture and cobbled streets . The highlights for us were the Ruins of St Paul 's , elegant Senado Square , and A-Ma Temple , which is more than 500 years old . My husband Neil and I were impressed by just how clean and tidy Macau is -- they even have WCs for dogs with entrances marked In and Out . Judith Chalmers and her husband travelled to the city and it did n't take them long to discover the unique appeal of Macau . After lunch at Cafe Litoral -LRB- a fusion of Portuguese , Chinese , Indian , South American , African and Malaysian flavours -- it works ! -RRB- we headed over to the Macau Tower , which has the world 's highest bungee jump . Plunging 764ft in 17 seconds is not for the faint-hearted , but neither is Skywalk X , where you are harnessed and take a thrilling -- if that 's the word -- walk around the outer rim of the Tower with nothing to hold on to . We were disappointed that , for technical reasons , we were n't able to see the multi-million-pound production of The House Of Dancing Water . Incredible skyline ! View of Grand Lisboa and Wynn Hotel and Casino at dusk . Developed by the man behind many of Cirque du Soleil 's dazzling shows , it features acrobats , motorcycle stunts and fountain effects . Mention Macau and many people automatically think ` casinos ' . There are 26 of them , including the world 's biggest , The Venetian . It looks the size of Wembley and has about 500 baccarat , roulette and blackjack tables . Contrasting scenery ! The peaceful Coloane island is world 's apart from Macau . Gambling is illegal in Hong Kong , except on horseracing , so thousands from Hong Kong as well as mainland China try their luck here . Free shuttle buses run between the casinos , and as the doorman at our hotel , the Sofitel , said : ` It 's either that or a Rolls-Royce ! ' Lord Stow 's Bakery is the home to the Portuguese egg custard tart . The island of Coloane , meanwhile , has green hills , small villages and a peaceful coastline . In the Town Square we were intrigued to find Lord Stow 's Bakery , home to the Portuguese egg custard tart . Launched by Englishman Andrew Stow in 1989 , the store is now run by his sister Eileen , and it sells more than 3,000 of the delicacies every day . Macau has a typhoon season from June to September when the bridges can be closed , but a long tunnel keeps the traffic flowing . As a destination , it is far cheaper than Hong Kong and there is plenty of accommodation . The food is wonderful , and when you stir in the Portuguese heritage and influence , you get a fascinating and colourful melting pot . Wendy Wu Tours -LRB- wendywutours.co.uk , 0844 875 2436 -RRB- offers a five-day Hong Kong And Macau Discovery tour from £ 1,099 pp , including return flights , b & b accommodation , transfers , half-day Hong Kong tour , Macau city tour with lunch and direct ferry to Macau . For further information , visit en.macautourism.gov.mo . British Airways offers return flights from Heathrow to Hong Kong from £ 697pp .