Education Secretary Nicky Morgan today signalled she would quit the Cabinet if the Tories entered a power-sharing deal with Ukip . The senior Tory said Nigel Farage is ` not my cup of tea ' and would question whether she was ` happy to serve ' with the Ukip leader . David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to ` come home ' to the Conservatives , but has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the Eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority . Scroll down for video . Education Secretary Nicky Morgan signalled she would quit the Cabinet if the Tories entered a power-sharing deal with Ukip . Mr Farage sparked controversy last week when he used a televised leaders ' debate to target people with HIV coming to Britain . The Ukip leader was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHS that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV , 60 per cent were born abroad . After saying this was something the other leaders would be ` mortified that I dare to even talk about it ' , he said : ` You can come to Britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with HIV and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £ 25,000 per year per patient . ` I know there are some horrible things happening in many parts of the world , but what we need is to put the National Health Service there for the British people and families who have paid into this system for decades . ' It later emerged the comments were pre-planned in what Ukip insiders called a ` shock and awful ' strategy . In an interview with The Times , Mrs Morgan condemned the remarks . She said : ` To say that in a calculated way to appeal to your core vote is pretty stomach-turning . ' She added it is a ` legitimate question ' to ask senior Tories about the make-up of future coalitions , if as the polls suggest no party gets an overall majority . Ukip leader Nigel Farage , who spent today on a boat in Grimsby with reality TV star Joey Essex , has said he is not seeking ministerial office in a coalition . But Mrs Morgan suggested she would not be willing to sit around the Cabinet table with Ukip : ` I can give you the answer which is that we are not talking about anything but a majority government . ` But I think if we end up in coalition discussion territory people will have to ask themselves who they are happy to serve with . ` It is difficult envisaging what might happen but Nigel Farage is not my cup of tea . ' Mr Farage , who spent today on a boat in Grimsby with reality TV star Joey Essex , has said he is not seeking ministerial office in a coalition . But he would demand a referendum on Britain leaving the EU as the price for Ukip MPs supporting a Tory minority government . However , recent polls have suggested support for Ukip is slipping and Mr Farage might struggle to win his own seat in South Thanet . Mr Farage yesterday admitted Ukip has ` slipped back a bit ' in the polls as the sense of euphoria among the party 's supporters has waned . The Ukip leader has seen support for his party drop from 16.75 per cent in November to just 12.25 per cent today , with voters appearing to switch to the Tories in the run up to the election . Mr Farage is also facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the Tories in Thanet South , Kent - despite enjoying a 12 point lead over his Conservative rival just two months ago . Speaking on a tour of the Midlands , he added : ` We are exactly where we were last August , having won the European elections - we were on 14-and-a-bit per cent . ` We won the European elections , we found that level and we did have a rally in the Autumn through the remarkable events of first Clacton and then perhaps more remarkably the Rochester by-election . ` We 've slipped back a bit since then , there are 30 days to go and I think the issues Ukip is campaigning on are back in play . ' David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to ` come home ' to the Conservatives , but has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the Eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority . Mrs Morgan is the only senior Tory minister defending a marginal seat , in Loughborough . Elected in 2010 , with a majority of 3,744 , Mrs Morgan became a Treasury minister in 2013 before being promoted to the Cabinet in July last year . Her rejection of the idea of power-sharing with Ukip comes after weeks of contradictory statements from senior Conservatives . In January , Tory party chairman Grant Shapps insisted his party would not enter a deal with Mr Farage . He said : ` I can rule -LSB- it -RSB- out , we are not going to do pacts and deal with Ukip , we are looking for an overall majority . ' But Mr Cameron has only said that he is pushing for a majority , telling MailOnline in February : ` I 'm not going to speculate about any outcome other than victory . ' On Tuesday he issued a plea to those who had left the Tory fold : ` Look , we 've heard the message loud and clear about the things you want to see changed and we 'll change those things . Come with us , come back home to us , rather than risk all of this good work being undone . '