The U.S Surgeon General has enlisted Elmo to urge American children to get vaccinated in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization . A campaign video sees Dr Vivek Murthy and the Sesame Street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children -LRB- and parents -RRB- why it is so important . In what appears to be a direct response to anti-vaccination campaigners , Elmo and Dr Murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot . Scroll down for video . Campaign : Surgeon General Vivek Murthy and Elmo explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep other children safe and healthy . As Dr Murthy visits Sesame Street , Elmo tells him he is ` worried about getting a shot , ' asking the Surgeon General : ` Why does everyone need a vaccination , anyway ? ' In response Dr Murthy compares getting vaccinated to using an umbrella when it rains and wearing a helmet on a bike . This calms Elmo who gets the shot he needs , and after realising how quick and painless it is to get a shot , he asks Dr Murthy whey everybody does n't get a vaccination ? ` That 's a good question , Elmo , ' Murthy says , looking at the camera . ` That 's a good question . ' The video , produced by the Daily Dot , is accompanied by a shorter 30-second video of Elmo and the Surgeon General released by the Department of Health and Human Services . Important message : Dr Murthy explains that the best way Elmo can help him to do his job and keeping Americans healthy , is by getting ` all his Sesame Street friends ' vaccinated too . It sees Dr Murthy explains that the best way Elmo can help him to do his job and keeping Americans healthy , is by getting ` all his Sesame Street friends ' vaccinated too . The campaign videos have been released in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in December , sickened 147 people in the U.S. , which has seen the debate over vaccination flare up . Officials at the California Department of Public Health said no new infections have been reported for the past 42 days -- or two incubation periods -- meaning the outbreak is over in the U.S. . Many who fell ill in the Disneyland episode were not immunized against measles . Some cited personal reasons for refusing shots , and others were too young to get the measles-mumps-rubella vaccine . In California , where 131 of the 147 measles cases could be found , a vaccination bill has generated intense debates pitting personal rights against public health . The campaign videos have been released amidst debate across the United States over whether vaccines should be compulsory in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in December . The measure would bar parents from seeking vaccine exemptions for their children because of religious or personal beliefs , joining California with Mississippi and West Virginia in such strict requirements . Medical waivers would only be available for children with health problems , forcing unvaccinated children to be homeschooled . California lawmakers were set to vote on the bill last week , but this was postponed by supporters postponed so authors could work on revisions to address concerns raised in the Senate Education Committee . The proposal 's lead author , Sen. Richard Pan , a Democratic pediatrician from Sacramento , said he is confident he can clarify his bill so lawmakers are comfortable in supporting his bill . ` Every child deserves an opportunity at education , ' Pan said , ` and every child deserves an opportunity to be safe at school . '