Like hundreds of thousands of others , model and TV personality Jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson and followed her inspirational story of cancer survival . But after Gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses -- following months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire -- Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception . ` I am so disappointed and shocked and on every level , this is so irresponsible on her behalf , ' Campbell said on the Today Show on Thursday morning . ` I was actually at an awards ceremony - the Cosmopolitan Fun Fearless Female Awards - and she was awarded with one of the big awards there . ` And she was on stage and she was giving this speech , and she was crying , and I was crying , and I just feel like she 's really let everyone down . ` It 's just so irresponsible . I followed her on her blog , on her app , it 's really disappointing . ' Scroll down for video . Jesinta Campbell -LRB- right -RRB- says she shed tears with Belle Gibson -LRB- left -RRB- at the Cosmopolitan Fun Fearless Female Awards last year . They are both pictured at the event . Belle Gibson pictured at the awards with Sunrise host Samantha Armytage in November last year . The controversial wellness blogger has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses . Model Jesinta Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel let down by Belle Gibson . In a magazine interview , Belle Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer ` diagnoses ' were lies . ` No . None of it is true , ' she said , during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women 's Weekly . Ms Gibson 's interview is published in this month 's edition of the Australian Women 's Weekly . In the interviews - which questioned her relationship with the truth and her understanding of cancer - Gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness . ` I do n't want forgiveness . I just think -LRB- it -RRB- was the responsible thing to do . Above anything , I would like people to say , `` Okay , she 's human '' . Gibson 's confession was the first time she has spoken publicly since - under fire from furious former fans - she told Daily Mail Australia she feared for her family 's safety . On Thursday , Victoria Police told Daily Mail Australia they were not investigating Gibson and the matter was being looked after by Consumer Affairs Victoria . In 2013 , the wellness blogger became a prominent Australian social media personality after she announced she had cured a malignant brain tumour through diet and natural therapies . Her Instagram fan base ballooned after she ` revealed ' she had prolonged her life by embracing an alternative lifestyle . Her Instagram fan base ballooned and her ` whole foods ' business became hugely successful . Penguin published her recipe book The Whole Pantry and her app was to be offered on the Apple Watch . But it all fell apart last month after revelations emerged Ms Gibson had failed to fulfill promised donations to various charities . Friends then began to cast doubts about her cancer diagnoses . She then tearfully ` admitted ' she may have been ` misdiagnosed ' by a ` Dr Phil ' . ` I am so disappointed and shocked and on every level , this is so irresponsible on her behalf , ' Campbell said on the Today Show on Thursday morning . Ms Gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview . The magazine article claims Gibson is due to meet with her publisher Penguin Books - which incurred a number of losses when the company was forced to withdraw her book and cancel overseas launches - but a company spokesman said there was no meeting planned . ` We are disappointed that , despite several requests for clarification regarding recent allegations made against her , Belle is yet to respond to us directly , ' a spokeswoman said . ` We have read with interest her recent interview and are considering our rights and options as set out in our agreement with her . ' The Weekly insists it did not pay for the story and that it was approached by Ms Gibson 's ` people ' , the Melbourne ` corporate advisory ' firm Bespoke Approach . Ms Gibson said her partner , Clive Rothwell , was sticking by her in spite of the controversy . But she said he had taken a ` stern ' line with her and insisted she play a straight bat . ` He 's been very stern , along the lines of , ` I just want you to acknowledge where you 've f *** ed up and try not to smooth over that , ' she was quoted saying . In the article , titled ` My Lifelong Struggle With The Truth ' , Ms Gibson also said she had been forced to raise herself from the day she started school . Ms Gibson , pictured kissing her son on the head , said : ` None of it was true ' Her business empire in tatters and her relationship with her fans broken , Ms Gibson is thought to be struggling financially . The Women 's Weekly said she was not paid for her interview . She said she took upon common household responsibilities , such as bringing her brother to school and making lunches . But she would not provide her mother 's name or contact details to the magazine . In her previous interview , Ms Gibson said she understood ` everyone 's anger and confusion ' . But she took aim at many of her former fans who she believed had responded ` maliciously ' - claiming that her son 's childcare details , home address and floor plan were published online . Former friends had called upon Ms Gibson to ` come clean ' with the truth about her situation and had long privately questioned the veracity of her story . A former friend of Ms Gibson directly called on her to ` come clean ' in an interview with Daily Mail Australia in March . Mother-of-two Jayme Smith , 28 , from Sydney , became a confidant of Ms Gibson 's after they met on a parenting discussion page on Facebook around 2010 . The Whole Pantry -LRB- pictured above , in cookbook form -RRB- was also a popular app . It will not appear on the Apple Watch any longer . They forged an online friendship and confided over their experiences with cancer - Ms Smith having lost her mother to lung cancer in 2003 and Ms Gibson saying she had brain cancer . Ms Smith told Daily Mail Australia last month she was ` baffled ' when reports emerged this week where friends raised doubts about Ms Gibson 's medical diagnoses and charity donations . ` I am just so shocked and I feel betrayed , that we all fell so hard for the illusion that she created , ' Ms Smith said . ` It has hit all of us , who I know , -LRB- who -RRB- also know Belle , like a tonne of bricks . ' ` We only knew her online , but we all believed to a point that she was a genuine pioneer , who was surviving aggressive cancer . ` Belle and I talked quite a bit about my feelings about -LRB- cancer -RRB- , how she could empathise with me , the feelings I felt about my mother dying and how I 'd wished I was more responsible when it happened , that I 'd wished I had tried to explore more ideas , like Belle did . ' Ms Smith said Ms Gibson ` pushed ' - and nearly convinced her - not to vaccinate her children , but that she did not blame her for nearly making that choice , which she ` backed out of at the last minute ' . Jayme Smith -LRB- pictured left , with her two children -RRB- met Belle Gibson online and maintained a friendship over social media until they had a falling out . ` That was my own choice , based on information provided by Belle . I regret that choice -LRB- to nearly not vaccinate -RRB- , but it was my own . I 'm not here to place blame . ' In November 2014 , Ms Gibson told Sunday Style magazine she blamed the cervical cancer vaccine Gardasil for her cancer . She told her social media followers last year her brain cancer had spread to her blood , liver , spleen , uterus and that she did not expect to survive . After friends and medical experts cast doubt on her medical claims , Ms Gibson told The Australian she may have been ` misdiagnosed ' . ` It 's hard to admit that maybe you were wrong , ' she told the newspaper , adding that she was ` confused , bordering on humiliated ' . Ms Smith said of Belle Gibson -LRB- above -RRB- : ` If I saw Belle now , I would just ask her to tell the truth . That 's all I want '