The businessman father of a 15 year-old girl who fell 19 floors to her death says he is ` distraught ' as he faces the prospect of losing a second daughter to social services while his wife remains in police custody . Nick Cousins , 57 , was arrested over alleged ` ill treatment ' of Blanca after it emerged police are investigating whether her birth , and that of her 14-year-old sister , were ever registered . It is also alleged that they did not attend school . She died in the early hours of Tuesday after falling from the family 's luxury apartment in Hong Kong . Mr Cousins was also questioned over claims that his Filipino partner , Grace Garcia Cousins , 53 , had overstayed her visa by 20 years . Scroll down for video . Blanca Cousins , 15 , who fell to her death from her family 's flat in Hong Kong this week , told friends she went to an American school to explain why they never saw her in a uniform . A mother at the local pony club Blanca and her sister attended said that not even the sisters ' closest friends knew they were n't going to school . He was released on bail yesterday pending police inquiries . Speaking for the first time , from the £ 7.5 million family home , he said : ` I am distraught . We all are . There is nothing else I can say . ' Police yesterday applied for a ` care and protection order ' for his second daughter but she has been returned home pending a second court hearing . Ms Cousins remained at a detention facility . Mr Cousins , originally from Thurrock , Essex , is managing director of the Hong Kong arm of international insurance broking firm Jardine Lloyd Thompson , and has worked for the firm in Asia for more than 20 years . It is understood that his partner moved to Hong Kong from the Philippines in the 1990s to work for Mr Cousins as a domestic helper before becoming his partner . It is unclear whether they had married , although she uses his surname . Their two children were both thought to have been born at a private hospital in Hong Kong . The couple were watching television in the family 's home , on the 19th floor of Hong Kong 's most luxurious apartment buildings , when Blanca locked herself in a bathroom following a row at around 2 am . She fell to her death from a window just before dawn . Paramedics declared her dead at the foot of the building in Repulse Bay Road . It is alleged British businessman Nick Cousins , 57 , and Filipino Grace Garcia Cousins , 53 , never registered the births of Blanca and her 14-year-old sister Carla . A police spokeswoman said a security guard found Blanca lying on the ground at the foot of the apartment . Police sources claimed while no suicide note had been found they were aware the girl had been ` unhappy ' in recent weeks . Blanca -- who was known as Blancs -- was due to celebrate her 16th birthday in July . If their births were not registered , it means she would not have been able to attend school , travel abroad or receive medical treatment -- unless paid for privately . School attendance is mandatory in Hong Kong , but a more relaxed approach is taken with expatriate residents and some ` home school ' their children without official permission . She appeared to have enjoyed a relatively normal life , and seemed to have a wide circle of friends among the city 's well to do expatriate community . She was a member of the Hong Kong Pony Club and had recently attended Hong Kong Sevens rugby tournament , after her father secured a box there , and had invited friends to join her at the event . Today , the mother of a member of the Hong Kong Pony Club where the sisters attended regularly told MailOnline everyone at the club was shocked with the news . ` The two girls told us they went to an American school in Hong Kong and that was why they were n't wearing uniforms . They seem to have had it all planned , ' the mother , who asked not to be named . ` Even one of the girls closest to Blanca did not know they were n't going to school . ` Blanca was a lovely girl and everyone is in absolute shock . We had no idea what was going on . At first we wondered if her death was down to cyber bullying , but when we found out the story we could n't believe it at first . The girl 's father has been named as Nick Cousins -LRB- pictured -RRB- the managing director of insurance broker Jardine Lloyd Thompson 's Hong Kong office . ` I met the mother once at a pony camp but I never saw her again . Her dad was always here . He would pick the girls up after pony club and take them home . He was very kind and we thought they were a normal family with a dad that was involved with his children . ` Was it one lie that led to another lie ? We simply do n't know . ' It is understood that she received private tuition with her younger sister . Yesterday , some of her friends paid tribute and expressed their shock at her death . Chiara Martin said on Twitter : ` R.I.P Blanca Cousins You were a great friend and a sister to me ' , posting a picture of Blanca nuzzled up to a pony . Charmaine Kima said : ` Such devastating news of Blanca and her family #RIPBlanca #staystrong . ' The 21-storey apartment block is one of the city 's most prestigious addresses , with four-bedroom apartments selling for £ 7.5 million each while they rent for £ 8,000 a month . Neighbours told the local Apple Daily newspaper that they would often see Blanca walking her dog ` smiling ' or carrying books . They said her mother was ` elegant ' and often accompanied her husband when he went out . They said she would talk to neighbours , but rarely spoke about their private life . Last night , police would not comment whether or not the girls were registered saying only that the matter was ` under investigation ' . Officers have applied for a ` care and protection order ' for the youngest daughter . However the court is not due to rule on this until early May , and she has been returned to her family in the meantime . She is understood to be back at the family home with her father . Ms Cousins remained at a detention facility which houses illegal immigrants last night . A friend of the couple 's said yesterday : ` The girls were/are adored by their parents , anyone knowing them knows this - but it 's a shock to even their close friends that they did n't attend school , no-one knew this . ' This week , one expat who knows Mr Cousins described the family as ` down to earth and decent ' . He added : ` He is n't a Hooray Henry at all , like so many of the expats in top jobs in Hong Kong . He 's more of an Essex-boy type who worked his way up the corporate ladder and is just very bright and very good at what he does . ' Tragedy : Blanca fell to her death in an apparent suicide early on Tuesday morning after locking herself in a bathroom of the apartment in Hong Kong 's exclusive Repulse Bay Road -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The 21-storey apartment is one of the wealthy city 's most prestigious addresses with luxury four-bedroom apartments selling for prices in the region of £ 7.5 million . A police source last night said : ` Initial investigations showed there were no suspicious circumstances and -LSB- Blanca -RSB- was suspected to have fallen from a height . ` We arrested a 53-year-old Filipino female for overstaying and a 58-year-old British male for aiding and abetting an overstayer . ` Both have also been arrested for suspected ill treatment of the girl . Our investigations indicate the girl was unhappy with her life . ' Last night a spokesman for the Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group said : ` We can confirm that our colleague Nick Cousins , the managing director of our Hong Kong office , has suffered the loss of his eldest daughter in tragic circumstances . ` We are giving Nick our full support through this difficult time and he will be on compassionate leave until further notice . ` We are aware that the authorities are investigating a number of matters that have come to light in the wake of this tragic event . As these are private matters , it would not be appropriate for us to comment further . ` Our thoughts are with Nick and his family . ' For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details .