Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea 's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday and tops this week 's EA Sports ' Performance Index after another thrilling installment of Premier League action . During a weekend of stunning goals , Gomis got in on the act with an impressive overhead kick before doubling his goal tally in the last minute of Swansea 's victory . The Frenchman - who made a slow start to his career in south Wales after playing second fiddle to the recently-departed Wilfried Bony - has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games and earned a Game Index score of 52.9 this weekend . Bafetimbi Gomis scores with an overhead kick during Swansea 's 3-1 victory over Hull on Saturday . The Swansea striker celebrates with young fans and tops this week 's EA Sports ' Performance Indez . The EA Sports PPI is the official player rating index of the Premier League . It measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team . The intention is to remove any opinion bias and only work with proven statistical measurements which become more accurate as the season progresses . So , what are the six indices ? 1 . Winning performance . 2 . Player 's performance per match . 3 . Appearances . 4 . Goals scored . 5 . Assists . 6 . Clean sheets . With Gomis in first place , Queens Park Rangers forward Charlie Austin is this week 's runner up with a Game Index score of 52.2 after scoring and assisting a further two goals in the Hoops ' 4-1 victory away at West Brom on Saturday . Austin has scored 16 goals for Chris Ramsey 's relegation strugglers this term and continues to impress as QPR battle to beat the drop with seven games remaining . Chelsea star Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 51.7 having scored from the spot during the Blues ' 2-1 win over Stoke . Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera is in the top four , like his club , after scoring twice and recording a total pass completion rate of 95.9 . Arsenal trio Olivier Giroud , Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil - who all found the net in the Gunners ' 4-1 victory over Liverpool - make the top 10 . Glenn Murray also makes the list following his tap in during Crystal Palace 's victory over Manchester City on Monday night , while midfielders Esteban Cambiasso and Ki Sung-Yeung were among the Premier League 's top 10 performers this weekend . Charlie Austin -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with team-mates during QPR 's 4-1 win against West Brom at The Hawthorns . Eden Hazard celebrates after scoring from the spot as Chelsea defeated Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge . Alexis Sanchez fires the ball at goal to score for Arsenal as the Gunners beat Liverpool 4-1 at The Emirates .