Some of the most common pregnancy cravings are chocolate , ice cream or even pickles . But one unlucky woman from New York had a craving for something rather unusual and potentially very damaging - rocks . For Silvia , star of the series My Extraordinary Pregnancy , suffered from pica , an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances . In the Discovery TV show My Extraordinary Pregnancy Silvia revealed how she suffered from pica during her third pregnancy meaning she wanted to eat rocks . In the programme that followed Silvia throughout her pregnancy , she is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her house , saying : ` I feel really upset and guilty , I feel ashamed but I have to do it . ' The New Yorker is then heard saying : ` Over here are the ones that are easy to break , ' as she walks around the garden . Silvia says on the show which airs on TLC : ` If I could trade with someone that 's craving pickles or sushi I would do it , I would love that , I would trade that any day . ` When I see certain kind of rocks my mouth waters . Literally . It 's like when you see something you really really want to eat . ` I try not to look down at the rocks and I try not to go by construction sites Because my system goes haywire and I get so excited . I want to eat some , I want to eat some , you know . ' Dr Robert K Silverman Silvia 's obstetrician explains : ` Pica is just eating any substance that is not food . It can be as simple as something like ice or it could be as complicated as eating nails . Silvia picks up the rocks outside her house , she is seen picking the ones that are small and soft . Silvia finds the rocks outside in little piles and then hides them around her house . ` We 've talked about the risk of taking in pebbles , there are all different kind of diseases that you can get , there are all different types of parasites . ` And the fact that they can fill up their stomach can cause an obstruction . Pica can be very dangerous . ' Silvia says : ` Obviously I need to stop , I 've tried just about everything they 've told me to try , I 've tried eating corn starch , I 've tried eating different type of candies that got the same consistency , but nothing so far has helped . ' Silvia is seen hiding her tiny rocks around the house , behind lamps and behind the curtains , or even in a tea cup in the kitchen . But she is worried about the effects her bizarre eating habits are having on her unborn child : ` I could go the whole day without eating which is not healthy because the baby is not gaining the weight that he is supposed to be gaining . ` I 'm not gaining the weight that I 'm supposed to be gaining , there 's no nutrition going in my body . ' ` I 've had a lot of stomach pains from eating rocks which is kind of scary , I worry about mine and the baby 's health . ' Silvias obstetrician says that pica can be very dangerous when , like Silvia , you are eating rocks . A pregnant Silvia plays with her two little boys in her garden ahead of their new arrival . Silvia 's partner Estevan tells cameras : ` It 's frustrating because everything she consumes the baby consumes , so when she has pains it 's all because of this stuff that she 's eating . You ca n't digest rocks . ' When he decides to throw some of her rocks away Silvia reveals that it makes her feel anxious and stressed . Silvia said : ` He worries because he does n't want me to hurt the baby , when he does find out I 'm eating something he just feels like he 's not doing enough . Estevan says : ` It 's like being in a relationship with someone who does drugs , the hiding spots , the little drugs stashes here and there , the sneaking around . ` It does get frustrating but arguing about it is not going to help the situation . ' Silvia says that she tried everything to stop her cravings but nothing worked . Silvia 's partner Estevan is worried about her and what her rock eating habit is doing to their unborn child . After having stomach pains , the programme follows Silvia as she goes to the hospital and she admits that with her baby almost due she 's been trying to keep herself away . When it 's time for Silvia to give birth surgeon Jodi Wallis says : ` Pica in pregnancy is a concern because of the mom not getting other nutrients which she may need to get . ` Things that we 'll look for in Silvia 's baby is making sure the baby is healthy nutritionally and making sure that the baby does n't have iron deficiency because that would be the biggest risk . Thankfully when the tiny tot is born he 's completely healthy , the couple are thrilled with their bouncing baby . Silvia says : ` I 'm so excited that he 's okay . '