A mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give birth to her sick baby at just 20 weeks had her wedding dress redesigned so her tiny daughter could be buried in it . Jaye Cox and her husband , Matthew , decided to deliver their daughter Annabelle prematurely on May 5 last year after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida . Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her distraught parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived . Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at just 20 weeks in Canberra Hospital after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida . ` We were planning a life for her and you think you 're going to see her laugh , walk , talk , go to school , get married , ' Ms Cox told Daily Mail Australia . ` But we were faced with this decision - do we let her go and free her of the suffering , or do we go ahead and bring her into the world and watch her suffer . ` My husband and I had to make the decision to let her be at peace . ' Immediately after they made the decision , Annabelle 's parents contacted Angel Gowns - a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon . ` I wanted something beautiful and meaningful to bury Annabelle in . She 'll never get to wear a wedding dress ... so this is as close as she will get to that , ' Ms Cox said . ` We were able to send her to heaven in something beautiful . ' After they made the decision to give birth prematurely , the Cox 's contacted Angel Gowns to help the couple create a dress from Jaye 's wedding gown to bury Annabelle in . Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her parents and siblings , Charlotte and Sophie , were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived . Angel Gowns delivered Annabelle 's dress on the day she was born and Ms Cox dressed her so the family could spend time her . ` She was born with a very faint heartbeat . My husband delivered her and she wrapped her finger around his - for him it was really special , ' Ms Cox said . ` They put her on my chest and she was alive for about five minutes . She never took a breath because her lungs were to undeveloped . ` My husband and I stayed the night and sat there holding her for most of the night . She looked beautiful in her gown , it was very emotional . ' Angel Gowns came and picked up Ms Cox 's wedding dress and returned the redesigned version for Annabelle on the day she was going to be born . Angel Gowns is a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who pass away too soon . The family , including her two older sisters Charlotte and Sophie , were able to take photos with Annabelle in her gown before the funeral . Angel Gowns created a replica dress for the family to have in their house and Ms Cox says she looks at it every day to remember her daughter . ` This would never have happened if it was n't for Fiona Kirk and her team at Angel Gowns . Just to know we could bury her in something so meaningful ... we are so grateful . ' Angel Gowns currently donates outfits to more than 80 hospitals and funeral homes across Australia . They also deal directly with families like the Cox 's , as well as a number of different children charities . To donate your wedding dress or volunteer with Angel Gowns , visit www.angelgownprogram.com.au . Angel Gowns delivered Annabelle 's dress on the day she was born and Ms Cox dressed her so the family could spend time her before she was buried . Angel Gowns created a replica dress for the family to have in their house and Ms Cox says she looks at it every day to remember her daughter .