The desperate parents of a boy whose head hangs at a 180-degree angle have admitted they would rather he died than continue to suffer . Mahendra Ahirwar , 12 , from Madhya Pradesh in central India , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body . His weak backbone means he ca n't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position . Mahendra can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet . Undiagnosed : Mahendra Ahirwar 's parents say they would rather see him dead than suffer the way he is now . Mahendra 's mother Sumitra Ahirwar , pictured here with her son , says watching his life is ` devastating ' His father Mukesh Ahirwar , 40 , and mother Sumitra Ahirwar , 35 , who both work as labourers when they can , say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across India but none could diagnose his condition . ` I can not see him suffer anymore , ' said Sumitra . ` Watching his life is devastating . ` He can not do anything by himself . He just sits in a corner of the room all day . It 's no life . ' She added : ` I have to carry him like a baby everywhere but he is 12 years old , how will I carry him when he grows even older ? ' ` If doctors can not treat my son it is better that God takes him . ' Shockingly , members of the community have blamed Mahendra 's condition on Mukesh 's past sins and believe he is to blame for his son 's disability . Sumitra , who also has healthy 16 and 10-year-old sons and a 14-year-old daughter , did not visit a doctor when she was pregnant with Mahendra . Family : Mahendra pictured with his mother Sumitra -LRB- left -RRB- , sister Manisha -LRB- second from left -RRB- , and brothers Surendra -LRB- second from right -RRB- and Lalit -LRB- right -RRB- . Mukesh -LRB- pictured left carrying his son -RRB- has borrowed money from friends and relatives to help find medical treatment for Mahendra -LRB- left and right -RRB- . Mukesh said : ` Our other children had all been born normally with no problems so we never thought to consult a doctor or have an ultrasound done with Mahendra , and he was born at home just like his siblings . ' The couple only noticed their son 's head was starting to hang when he was about six months old . ` At first we thought he was just a little weak and he 'd be fine in time , but by his third birthday he was n't able to keep his head upright at all , ' his father explained . Mukesh , who earns about Rs200 -LRB- £ 2 -RRB- a day on construction sites , has borrowed money from his friends and relatives to help find medical treatment for his son . But he said two years ago he decided to stop taking Mahendra to see any doctors , adding : ` I took him to all the hospitals that I could afford . ` Even India 's premier hospital , All India Institute of Medical Sciences in New Delhi , but after spending two weeks there doctors failed to tell us if my son could be treated . ` With a broken heart we returned home and decided to raise him and try to give him as comfortable a life that we can . ' Mahendra pictured with his father Mukesh -LRB- left -RRB- , mother Sumitra -LRB- seated -RRB- and brothers Lalit -LRB- centre -RRB- and Surendra -LRB- second from left -RRB- . Sumitra has now lost all hope of a treatment being found for her son and says : ` If doctors can not treat my son it is better that God takes him ' Mukesh added : ` People say bad things about him , and they often laugh at him . It really hurts us . ` We can not tolerate people 's attitudes and discrimination . They say I must have committed some terrible sins and this is why he is suffering , it 's awful . ' Mahendra does n't go to school so his only friends are his siblings and his cousins . Dr Shashidhar Tatavarthy , an ear , nose and throat consultant at Delhi 's Artemis Hospital , thinks Mahendra has a muscular disorder . He said : ` This is one of the rarest of rare cases . His condition could be due to a spine anomaly or muscular disorder , but it can only be concluded after a thorough investigation . ' Mukesh is still hoping for a miracle . ` If doctors can treat babies born with severe disabilities like two heads and give them lifesaving operations then why not my son ? ' he said . ` I still have so many hopes and dreams for him . I want to see him go to school and play with other kids . I want to see him living a normal life and I am hoping that my wish will be fulfilled one day . '