Less than a week since it smashed its previous speeds , the so-called Japanese bullet train has entered the record books once more . The seven-car Maglev - short for ` magnetic levitation ' - hit a top speed of 375mph -LRB- 603 km/h -RRB- and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph -LRB- 600km/h -RRB- during a test run near Mount Fuji . The run beat last week 's speeds of 366mph -LRB- 590kph -RRB- , which in turn beat the train 's previous 12-year record of 361mph -LRB- 581km/h -RRB- . Scroll down for video . The seven-car Maglev -LRB- pictured -RRB- - short for ` magnetic levitation ' - hit a top speed of 375mph -LRB- 603 km/h -RRB- and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph -LRB- 600km/h -RRB- during a run near Mount Fuji . It beat last week 's speeds of 366mph -LRB- 590kph -RRB- , which in turn beat the train 's previous record of 361mph -LRB- 581km/h -RRB- . The train is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway . It hovers four inches -LRB- 10 cm -RRB- above the tracks and is propelled by electrically charged magnets . The technology promises a ride that 's smoother , quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail . Owner Central Japan Railway plans to have a train in service in 2027 to join Tokyo and the central city of Nagoya - a distance of 177 miles -LRB- 286 km -RRB- . The speeds , however , wo n't be as high when the new line between Tokyo and Nagoya comes into service . Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track . This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore reduces friction , providing a faster and quieter service . Acceleration and deceleration far exceeds that of conventional trains . And maglev also makes for much smoother journeys . Right now speeds are limited at up to 400 kilometres -LRB- 250 miles -RRB- per hour due to the excessive air resistance encountered at these speeds . But vacuum tube designs could allow them to travel over seven times faster in the future . According to engineers , the trains will travel at 314mph -LRB- 505km/h -RRB- - but this will still cut the journey time for the journey by more than half . For comparison , the UK 's HS2 rail line will run at 224mph -LRB- 360km/h -RRB- . By 2045 , Maglev trains are expected to link Tokyo and Osaka in just 67 minutes , slashing the journey time in half . The Maglev trains are expected to eventually consist of 16 carriages and carry up to 1,000 passengers at a time . Japan is well-established as the world leader in high-speed trains , having developed the first ` bullet train ' in 1964 . It is now hoping to bring the technology to the US and has outlined plans for a line between Washington and Baltimore , which will cut travel times between the cities to just 15 minutes . Maglev was first proposed as a method to propel trains as far back as the mid 20th century . The first commercial maglev train to come into operation was a relatively low-speed shuttle at Birmingham International Airport in 1984 . This travelled at a rather mundane 26mph -LRB- 42km/hr -RRB- . It was not until the turn of the century , though , that high-speed maglev would come into commercial operation , mostly in Japan and China . Maglev trains -LRB- pictured -RRB- hover four inches -LRB- 10 cm -RRB- above the tracks and is propelled by electrically charged magnets . This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction , providing a faster and quieter service . Acceleration and deceleration far exceeds that of conventional trains . China was the first country to have a commercially-operated Maglev service . The Shanghai Maglev opened to the public in January 2004 , and has a top commercial operational speed of 268mph due to the short track length.It cost $ 1.3 billion -LRB- £ 830million -RRB- to build . Manufacturers claim that Maglev technology is less polluting than the flights that currently link the cities . But not everyone is convinced that the technology is safe . Andy Kunz , president of the US High Speed Rail Association . told the Los Angeles Times that maglev trains have proved to be expensive , power-intensive , and potentially unsafe . ` The problem is if you have one tiny little settling of the Earth - which happens all the time because of plate tectonics - that can create little movements in the maglev system , which can send trains crashing into stuff , ' he said . By 2045 maglev trains -LRB- example pictured -RRB- are expected to link Tokyo and Osaka in just one hour and seven minutes , slashing the journey time in half . The Maglev trains are set to eventually consist of 16 carriages and carry up to 1,000 passengers at a time . Owner Central Japan Railway plans to have a train in service in 2027 to join Tokyo and Nagoya - a distance of 177 miles -LRB- 286 km -RRB- . The speeds , however , wo n't be as high when the new line comes into service . According to engineers , the trains will travel at 314mph -LRB- 505km/h -RRB- - but this will cut the journey time by more than half . ` It 's a very difficult system to make operational . ' A new development called super-maglev could be set to push the limits even higher . Last year , China 's first manned megathermal superconducting maglev was been tested successfully by the Applied Superconductivity Laboratory of Southwest Jiaotong University . The technology works by using a vacuum tube to decrease the speed limitations imposed by air resistance on regular maglev trains . ` ETT -LRB- Evacuated Tube Transport -RRB- systems might allow HTS Maglev trains to attain speeds in a new order of magnitude , such as super-high 3,000 km -LRB- 1,800 miles -RRB- per hour , which could be applied to some military or space launch systems , ' the researchers write . Pictured on the left is a test model Maglev train from 2003 . On the right , the new Hokuriku ` shinkansen ' , or bullet train , bound for Tokyo heading out of Kanazawa station in Ishikawa prefecture on 14 March .