David Cameron 's desperate attempts to appear cool have failed to impress his children . The Prime Minister has revealed eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy , the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family . He admits the comparison is ` not great ' , with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old . David Cameron has revealed eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy -LRB- right -RRB- , the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family . Now in its sixth series , Modern Family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of American since Friends . Dunphy , played by Ty Burrell , is one of the stand-out characters in the American show . He is convinced he is a cool parent , a view not shared by his three children or his wife Claire . Mr Cameron , who has often name checked ultra-cool bands to burnish his credentials , revealed the pain of discovering his children really view him as a British version of Dunphy . Nancy has taken to using the putdown ` That is SO Phil Dunphy ' to highlight her father 's flaws . It occurred on a recent shopping trip , Mr Cameron told The Sunday Times . ` I said , ` That 's a nice shirt ' , and she said , ` Dad , that is so Phil Dunphy ' . I thought , ` Oh dear . It 's happened ' . ` She does regularly say : ` That is so Phil Dunphy ' . If you watch Modern Family , you will know what that means . It 's not great . ' In the show , Dunphy is often mocked by his wife Claire , but has become one of the best loved characters for his pearls of wisdom dubbed ` Phil 's - osophy ' Samantha Cameron , who has joined her husband on the campaign trail , has also teased the Tory leader over his DIY skills . ` When life gives you lemonade , make lemons . Life 'll be all like ` what ?! ' ` If you 're ever in a jam , a crayon scrunched up under your nose makes a good pretend mustache . ' ` Some people call me a salesperson . I call myself a salesfriend . ' ` If you love something , set it free . Unless it 's a Tiger . ' ` Watch a sunrise at least once a day . ' ` Take a lesson from Parakeets . If you 're ever feeling lonely , just eat in front of a mirror . ' I got to be the top realtor of the year by thinking inside the box . That 's right , I said inside . Because while everyone is chasing each other outside , what is the box ? Empty . ' ` If you get pulled over for speeding . Tell them your spouse has diarrhoea . ' Now in its sixth series , Modern Family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of American since Friends , with Dunphy a standout character . The real estate agent 's trademark pearls of wisdom have become one of the most popular aspects of the show , and have spawned fansites , online lists and even books . They include gems like : ` If you love something , set it free . Unless it 's a Tiger . ' Mr Cameron is not averse to making similarly bizarre comments . In the interview he was asked about the low-key nature of the Conservative election campaign so far . Some Tories are asking themselves whether their leader has a tiger in his tank . But the PM insisted : ` I 'm hugely enthused . There 's not just a tiger , there 's a couple of elephants , a lion and a yeti in the tank . This is a very energetic campaign . ' Dunphy is often mocked by his wife , particularly by his attempts at DIY around the family home . Last weekend , Samantha Cameron revealed how her husband also struggles with odd jobs . ` Historically , I 'm the one with the drill , ' she told the Mail on Sunday . ` He 's become quite expert at putting together flat-pack furniture over the years . Normally , when I 've just had a baby . ' Mr Cameron also revealed that Nancy has threatened to a write memoir of her time in Number 10 . It would include the embarrassing episode in which her father mistakenly left her in a pub . Mr Cameron also revealed that Nancy has threatened to a write memoir of her time in Number 10 , including the embarrassing episode in which her father mistakenly left her in The Plough pub . The PM added : ` She sometimes stands on a table outside the pub in Cadsden recounting the story of how she was left -LSB- there -RSB- . ` Every now and again there are Morris dancers so there 's competing entertainment with Nancy telling her story and me with my head in my hands . '