When it comes to yoghurt lids there are typically three types of people : the ` licker ' , the ` spooner ' who scrapes the remaining yoghurt back into the pot , and the ` waster ' who throws it away . But a new kind of lid will unite these groups . Called Toyal Lotus , the technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking . Scroll down for video . The Toyal Lotus technology -LRB- right -RRB- stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots -LRB- left -RRB- . German maker Toyo Aluminium 's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation and the firm has teamed up with Japan 's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers . Maker Toyo Aluminium 's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation and the German firm has teamed up with Japan 's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers . Yoghurts in Morinaga 's product line can be opened and the lids peeled off without any liquid left on the surface . Toyo Aluminium claims that the amount of yoghurt that sticks to lids worldwide is the equivalent to the volume of yoghurt consumed in Africa . The technlogy was inspired by lotus leaves -LRB- pictured -RRB- that repel water to prevent being weighed down by rain , for example . In 1977 , German botanist Wilhelm Barthlott studied the surface of a lotus leaf under a microscope and found that instead of having a smooth surface , the leaf was covered in microscopic bumps . These bumps increase the contact angle at which droplets touch the surface , which in turn force the droplets to form into spheres . The bumps also create pockets that push air up . On a lotus leaf this contact angle is typically 150 degrees , while the Toyal Lotus lid 's creates an angle of 170 degrees -LRB- illustrated -RRB- . The inspiration for the lid came from the lotus leaf , hence the name . Lotus leaves repel water to prevent being weighed down by rain , for example . Lotus leaves repel water to prevent being weighed down by rain , for example . In 1977 , German botanist Wilhelm Barthlott studied the surface of the leaf under a microscope . He discovered that instead of having a smooth , waxy surface , the leaf was covered in microscopic bumps . These bumps increase the contact angle at which droplets touch the surface , which in turn force the droplets to form into spheres . The bumps also create pockets that push air up . As a result , these spheres ca n't fit in between the bumps and roll off the surface . On a lotus leaf this contact angle is typically 150 degrees , and the higher the angle the higher the level of repellency . This is known as the ` lotus effect ' and has inspired a range of hydrophobic and superhydrophobic materials . The Toyal Lotus lid 's surface is based on this principle and creates an angle of 170 degrees . In 1977 , German botanist Wilhelm Barthlott studied the surface of a lotus leaf under a microscope . He discovered that instead of having a smooth , waxy surface , the leaf was covered in microscopic bumps . These bumps increase the contact angle at which droplets touch the surface , which in turn force the droplets to form into spheres . These spheres ca n't fit in between the bumps and consequently roll off the surface . On a lotus leaf this contact angle is typically 150 degrees , and the higher the angle the higher this level of repellency . This is known as the ` lotus effect ' and has inspired a range of hydrophobic and superhydrophobic materials . The Toyal Lotus lid 's surface is based on this principle and creates a contact angle of 170 degrees . It aluminium surface is modified using a water-repellent material that is compliant with various food and hygiene standards . ` Inspired by lotus leaves , Toyal Lotus is an innovative functional packaging material used for yogurt container lids , ' said the firm . ` The inside sealing surface of the lid offers extremely high water repellency . ` This material prevents the adhesion of yogurt to the inside surface of the lid allowing it to stay clean and providing an added sanitation benefit , meeting the needs of their consumers . ' The surface of the Toyal Lotus lid -LRB- right -RRB- is modified using a water-repellent material that is compliant with various food and hygiene standards . The water-repellency of untreated aluminium foil is pictured left .