The new Marvels movie , The Avengers : Age of Ultron , is sure to wow the crowds at the cinema but the exclusive clothing line produced by a little-known Brisbane is already lining the owner 's pockets . Wade Lange and his team Living Dead Clothing , have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week - so massive has the interest been , that the company 's website has crashed due to the demand from around the world . ` It 's so hard to put a dollar figure on what 's been sold , as it 's only been available for a few days but we 've seen massive sales , ' Mr Lange told Daily Mail Australia . With a range of almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie , ranging in price from $ 45 to $ 100 , estimates from industry insiders suggest the coup by the Queensland clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative Marvels contract , will be worth tens of millions of dollars to the one-time backyard operation . Scroll down for videos . The Brisbane designer is already raking in millions on the back of Hollywood 's blockbuster moving ` The Avengers : Age of Ultron ' . There are almost 50 types of garments to choose from featuring the film motifs . Swimwear and t-shirts have been very popular , the release of their new line caused the website to crash . Some of the men 's items sold out in minutes when launched this week , including the rainmaker t-shirts pictured here . Living Dead Enterprises has begun producing Avengers character garments for women , from bodysuits to leggings and bikinis too . The small Brisbane based company beat some of the world 's biggest names to snare the licence from Disney 's Marvel range . ` The sheer popularity of the Marvels characters , particularly in the United States but also Asia and Europe , means they might be lucky to keep up with demand , ' one envious competitor suggested on Thursday . And he would appear to be right on the money . There was an overwhelming response to the announcement of the Age Of Ultron collection , ' Mr Lange added . ` Our loyal customers knew this was coming and with so much world-wide hype surrounding the movie , people were absolutely dying to get their hands on it . ` We thought there would be a lot of excitement around the collection but we were completely blown away by how much there actually was . ' Fans of the film series are buying up big to wear the clothing at the early screenings . And the website warns : ` Please note any orders made after the 15th of April may not have their orders before the movie release ' . The most popular items have been both the men 's and women 's rainmaker shirts and singlets , at $ 85 each and all but every design is all but sold out . The cheapest item on the page is the bikini - starting at $ 45 , while , at the other end of the price range , the Iron Buster dress and Thunder God equivalent both sell for $ 100 . Fans of the series are buying up big hoping to wear the outfits at early screenings . The most expensive items are the Iron Man and Thor themed dresses at $ 100 . The leggings are $ 70 . The brains behind the operation . Wade Lange says he 's been run off his feet ever since he started making the Marvel based clothing and it is paying huge dividends now . Living Dead Clothing last year beat a who 's who of global clothing manufacturers last year , to ink a deal with Marvel Comics Superheroes . Initially they were selling women 's only garments but have now released their men 's range and the . Mr Lange and his team of 15 , including girlfriend Kelly , have already developed a wide range of the hugely popular Captain America wear and Guardians of the Galaxy garments . But the impending release of the movie blockbuster , featuring an all star cast , including Robert Downey Jnr , Chris Hemsworth , Scarlett Johannson , Mark Ruffalo , James Spader and Samuel L. Jackson , will take it to another level . ` This was always going to be a big collection for us but we had no idea just how popular the collection would be with existing customers , ' Mr Lange added . ` And it 's how many new customers who have found us because of it . Captain America , Thor , Hulk and Iron Man items have been widely sought-after by the women and men . ` Our loyal customers knew this was coming and with so much world-wide hype surrounding the movie , people were absolutely dying to get their hands on it ' Wade Lange said . Avengers lines of clothing mean that the Living Dead Clothing team of two quickly grew to a staff of 15 inside a large all-encompassing warehouse and Mr Lange admitted that ` we 've gone from working in a small garage to a million dollar company ' Living Dead Clothing boasts about being a company ` without the excessive price tag and without the rules and 100 % Made In Australia ' and the men 's line has been a huge success . ` In the hours after the collections release our websites server could n't handle the sheer amount of traffic we were getting and went down for a few minutes . ' The growing team of 15 is working over-time . ` This will no doubt be our best selling collection to date with some styles selling out in minutes , ' he added . ` The new men 's line has been an absolutely huge hit and we will be definitely expanding upon this for future collections . ` There has been a huge amount of interest from the US , even more so than normal . ` We 've had sales from countries all across the globe through and there is a great deal of new fans in Europe . ' The pitch to Marvel pitted him against some of the biggest names in clothing , keen to get their hands on the lucrative contract with Disney . He is convinced it was dedication that got them over the line . ` I have n't had a day off for many months now and we are determined to be successful , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` His dedication certainly rubs off on all of us , ' added Living Dead Clothing PR boss Taryn Watt . ` I started doing it -LRB- making leggings -RRB- on a bit of a whim , I already had a 9-to-5 job , so it was just a bit of extra work in my garage , ' he said . Things began to move very quickly , within months the small side business had begun to grow and then the Disney deal was on the table . The team of two quickly grew to a staff of 15 inside a large all-encompassing warehouse . ` We 've gone from working in a small garage to a million dollar company , ' he admitted . `` We 've secured this exclusive contract for the Marvel characters in stretch-wear and moved into new premises - we are all 100 per cent dedicated to be successful , like him and we work hard for it , ' said Ms Watt . ` We stood out from the others because we could show we really cared about our customers and they are very loyal to us . ' Mr Lange knew success was brewing and moved quickly to bring in PR Manager , Taryn Watt . ` Marvel , as we all know , brings with it such a massive cult following - some guys have been reading the comics since they were five years old , they will be a must-have item , ' she said . And everything is developed and produced in-house . ` We do not bring anything in from overseas , not one thing , ' Ms Watt added . ` It 's 100 per cent Australian , from the ideas , to the designing , printing , packing and shipping , we do it all . '