If you live in the UK or US you can expect to have already been hacked -- at least according to the real life conman turned fraud prevention expert whose escapades inspired Catch Me If You Can . Frank Abagnale , whose early life on the run from the FBI was brought to life on the screen by Leonardo Di Caprio , has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters , the Times reported . In the 2002 Steven Spielberg film Abagnale , now 66 , poses as a doctor , a lecturer , a lawyer and an airline pilot over the course of a crime spree that eventually landed him in prison . Scroll down for video . Frank Abagnale -LRB- right -RRB- has said individuals in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen . He was played by Leonardo Di Caprio -LRB- right -RRB- in the film about his misspent youth as a conman . However the former conman changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention . In an interview Mr Abagnale told of how in an age of information overload , those of us living in the western world have probably already had our identities stolen . He highlighted the recent theft of details from more than 80 million Americans whose names , dates of birth , children 's details and and social security numbers were held by the US underwriter Anthem insurance . He added that there had been so many similar incidents in recent years that societies should just assume personal information had been stolen . Mr Abagnale works as a consultant to British company LexisNexis and has written three books on the nature of fraud . He has called the constant effort by security companies to stay ahead of hackers a ` battle ' , saying it is always necessary to be thinking a move ahead of the fraudsters . Abagnale , as is depitced in the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can , posed at one point as a senior medical doctor . The conman turned fraud expert also travelled the globe posing as an international airline pilot for Pan Am . Mr Abignale exaplained that while he used ink and paper to fraudulently access money , the scope for internet fraud is greater and easier for hackers . A survey by the digital consultancy Centrify shows one in four Britons know they have had their identities stolen . In 43 percent of those incidents the ensuing difficulties took more than a month to rectify . Forty-seven percent said they had to pay money to resolve the problems . Of these , 28 percent had to pay at least £ 60 . Mr Abagnale explained these kinds of cases were not the work of some mastermind fraudster but more often than not down to employees simply not following proper procedure . Details can be lost when individuals download work files at home , insert unknown memory sticks into work terminals or open attachments on untrustworthy emails . Because fraudsters will sit on stolen information for drawn-out periods of time , people are normally hacked two or three years before their identity is stolen . However the typical reaction is to assume the theft is recent , Abagnale explained . The tools of his trade were pen , paper and charm but Mr Abignale says what he did 50 years ago as a teenaged boy is now ` a thousand times easier , ' adding that changes in technology always open the door to crime . As a prime example he explained that to forge a cheque in the 1960s required a special printing press . Now a coporate logo and a managing director 's signature can all be found on the web at the click of a button . Typically Abagnale will drop memory sticks with the word ` Confidential ' written on them on the floor of a new client 's offices . Inevitably they will be picked up by an unwitting employee and placed in a work computer , allowing the bug he has placed on it to enter the system . Frank Abignale worked as a fraudster during his teenaged years in the 1960s - he now deeply regrets it . Frank W Abagnale Jr has become one of the world 's foremost authorities on forgery and secure documents . He has worked with the FBI , hundreds of financial intitutions and corporations and international government agencies . As well as the 2002 Steven Speilberg film made about his life , a Broadway musical also called Catch Me If You Can opened on broadway in April 2011 . Between the ages of 16 and 21 , he successfully posed as an airline pilot , an attorney , a college professor and a paediatrician . While doing so he cashed $ 2.5 million in fraudulent checks in every U.S. state and 26 foreign countries . Apprehended by the French police when he was 21 years old , he served time in the French , Swedish and U.S. prison systems . After five years he was released on the condition that he would help the U.S. federal government without remuneration . More than 14,000 financial institutions , corporations and law enforcement agencies now use his fraud prevention programs . He said the amount of money lost to fraud was ` beyond the imagination ' . Medicaid , Mr Abagnale said , and Meidcare , the two U.S. healthcare assistance programmes , pay out more than $ 100 billion in fraudulent claims every year . The conman turned FBI consultant insists he is not proud of his youthful adventures and said he regretted the Speilberg film . However he said he has paid back society with interest . $ 2 milllion of the $ 2.5 million he took was recovered by the U.S. Government and he has spent 40 years helping catch criminals . He stole $ 2.5 million dollars , $ 2 million of which was recovered . Mr Abagnale then spent 40 years working with the FBI .