Despite battling an a rare congenital condition two-year-old Nathaly Hernandez wo n't let things get her down , as a heartwarming new video shows . The smiley toddler - who has lived at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old - was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball . Footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song - particularly as the rousing chorus builds . As she opens her mouth wide and scrunches up her face , Nathaly determinedly raises her arms to indicate she 's singing at the top of the lungs . She also sways her head to the beat . Scroll down for video . Sing-a-long session : Despite battling an array of health complications two-year-old Nathaly Hernandez wo n't let things get her down , as a heartwarming new video shows . Getting into the groove : The smiley toddler - who has lived at the Home of the Innocents in Kentucky since she was months old - was filmed as she performed a passionate lip-sync to Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball . At various points the infant tunefully sounds words through her breathing tube . Nathaly was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement . She is able to sit but can not walk , and a custom-made wheelchair allows her to get around . She also has an oxygen tube in her neck that helps her breathe . Nathaly 's caregivers said she became obsessed with Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball after her teenage roommate played the track . She then starting singing along to the song and moving her body in a bid to evoke emotion . Bundle of joy : Nathaly -LRB- above , pictured with her father Angel -RRB- was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement . Staff at the Home of the Innocents were stunned by Nathaly 's antics and made a video of her in action last Friday and posted it online . To date , the clip has been watched thousands of times with viewers giving it a big thumbs up . ` I could watch this over and over . She is precious ! ' one commenter wrote . Another added : ` My little girl who is the same age made me play this video three times in a row , she adores this as much as I do ! ' Nathaly 's parents , Angel and Maria , also shared the video via Facebook . They told Wave 3 News watching her sing to Miley Cyrus was a big ` surprise . ' Little smiler : To date , Nathaly -LRB- above , seen with her older sister -RRB- has been receiving round-the-clock care from nurses and therapists at Home of the Innocents , which is a non-profit organization . Inspiring others : Touching on Nathaly 's zest for life , her father concluded : ` I do n't have words to explain . She has changed my life ' The Hernandezes - who have another daughter - are hoping to get Nathaly home with them soon . They plan for her to go to a local public school with a special needs assistant on hand to help . Already Nathaly is bilingual and able to understand Spanish and English . To date Nathaly has been receiving round-the-clock care from nurses and therapists at Home of the Innocents , which is a non-profit organization . Her caregivers say that they have been impressed by her progress . Mary Peters , a speech-language pathologist at Home of the Innocents , said : ` I do n't think you can quite hear it as much on the video but , there are times when she will sing along with her songs . ' Touching on Nathaly 's zest for life , her father concluded : ` I do n't have words to explain . She has changed my life . '