Winston Reid says West Ham no longer suffer from the fear factor that came with facing Manchester City as they prepare to visit the Etihad Stadium on Sunday . City had won their last five games against West Ham -- by an aggregate score of 14-1 -- before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October . And after a recent run of form that has seen the Barclays Premier League champions lose six of their last eight games , Hammers defender Reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrini 's side . Winston Reid says West Ham no longer suffer from a fear of facing Manchester City after beating them at last . West Ham celebrate after inflicting City 's second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October . City had won their last five games against West Ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 - in dominant style . ` Yeah , ' Reid said when asked whether the fear of facing City had gone . ` When we beat them , we were having a good period ourselves and we need to get back to that . ` I think of the last of those games last season where they tore us apart . The boys obviously said to themselves `` we 've got to do a bit more '' . ` We have to be at our best . ' While City are missing Wilfried Bony , Stevan Jovetic and James Milner through injury , principal threat Sergio Aguero is back in form after scoring twice last Sunday . But Reid -- who kept the Argentine relatively quiet in October 's win -- says he has the experience to know what to do against the Premier League 's joint-top goalscorer . ` We 've got to work hard , he 's pretty tough to play against , ' the New Zealand captain said . ` We 'll see how we do . Reid battles with Marko Arnautovic during West Ham 's clash with Stoke City last month . West Ham United players Diafra Sakho , Winston Reid and Mark Noble pose for photographers outside the Olympic Stadium the club are set to move into , with next season being their last at Upton Park . ` He 's too quick for me , but you 've just got to be in the right position . We 've played against him a lot of times , so you just have to be in the right position and make sure you 're defending properly . ' Reid hopes to reach the peak of English football after signing a new six-year contract at West Ham . To start , and to take anything from the Etihad , the Hammers must remedy their late-goal curse which was topped by Marko Arnautovic 's 95th-minute equaliser for Stoke last week . Sergio Aguero will be City 's principal threat and Reid says he has the experience to cope with his pace . Reid signed a new six-year deal with West Ham this year and is looking forward to staying with the Hammers . ` The last games have n't been the best but we believe in ourselves . We can go up there and do something , ' Reid said . ` It 's something that we have to change . ' Manager Sam Allardyce agrees . ` We had a brilliant performance -LRB- when beating City -RRB- , ' he said . ` It was hugely difficult but we managed to win it . We had a bit of luck which is always what you need against the big boys . ' West Ham manager Sam Allardyce hopes luck will be on the side of his team at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday .