Manager Steve Evans has revealed Rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend . The Millers were sanctioned by the Football League last week as they played Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday after his youth loan had expired and the paperwork over an extension was not dealt with correctly . They have had to endure a nervy wait to discover their fate after the league said a disciplinary panel would hear the case at ` the earliest opportunity ' , while also indicating that the club will be open to the ` full range of punishments ' , which includes a potential points deduction . Rotherham manager Steve Evans beleives a decision is imminent on a possible points deduction for his side . On loan Derby defender Farrend Rawson -LRB- third right -RRB- played in the 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday . The three-man panel is finally set to meet on Thursday , with Evans expecting news of his club 's fate in the next 24 hours . ` It 's going to happen very soon , ' the Scot , whose side host Norwich on Saturday , said . ` It 's not my job to talk when it is and when it 's not , it will be soon enough . ` I 've been told this morning that we hope it will be concluded by the time we arrive here on Saturday , whether that 's today or tomorrow I am not 100 per cent sure . ' The Millers have vowed to fight the charge , hiring top QC Jim Sturman to defend them , but a three-point deduction is thought to be the likeliest punishment should they be found guilty . But Evans insists he does not know the strength of his club 's defence and has not been involved . Rotherham drew 1-1 with Fulham on Wednesday night , leaving them four points above the relegation zone . ` I am not involved in the case , all I know is the chairman that has spent many hours heading the football club on this with a legal representative , I 've not been involved in any of the meetings because it is not my department , ' he added . ` I have almost been kept at a distance . ` You have to accept there 's been an error . Certainly , knowing people inside this football club , no one means to make an error . ` I do n't want to cast judgement on people who make genuine mistakes . I have made enough of them . I have often said that in my career and I mean it . '