Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists , called Life Paint . Volvo is known for making cars packed with safety features but it 's a low-tech safety solution for cyclists that has proved a surprising success . The car manufacturer teamed up with a Sweden-based start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists , called Life Paint . The paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days . And some of these are now on sale on eBay for £ 45 -LRB- $ 66 -RRB- at the time of writing . Volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road . It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car 's headlights , alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark . The paint is invisible in daylight , but in the dark it reflects light in the same direction as the light source to illuminate the objects it has been sprayed on . Dispensed in a spray can , the paint can be washed off , so it can also be applied to clothes , helmets , pushchairs , dog leads and obviously , bikes . A trial began in London bike shops on 2 April to gauge public interest and 2,000 cans were given away free as word of the popular product spread . At the time , Volvo said that if the paint proved a hit , the project ` will expand nationally and internationally ' . A spokesman told MailOnline that the company is ` extremely pleased with the response ' and experts at Volvo 's headquarters in Stockholm are discussing whether the product could be sold , and is comparable with Volvo 's auto offering . Scroll down for videos . The paint contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car 's headlights , alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark . It washes off but can last for days on bike frames -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Life Paint is a reflective safety spray . It 's invisible by daylight but reflects light in the dark . Designed to react to a car 's headlights , the spray reflects light in the same direction as the light source - shining brightly and alerting drivers to a cyclist 's presence . It washes off completely and wo n't mark surfaces , so it can be used on clothing , helmets , metal frames and even pets ' collars . The paint lasts approximately one week after application , depending on surface it 's sprayed upon and how much a user applies . However , there are no immediate plans to sell the paint . Consequently , information about how much it may retail for has not been revealed , but there is still a chance cyclists might be able to buy Life Paint in the future in cycling shops or even at Volvo garages . The lack of concrete plans has led cyclists eager to try the paint to attempt to get hold of some on eBay , where cans are on currently on sale for £ 45 -LRB- $ 66 -RRB- . But in fact , savvy shoppers can try a similar spray for less than £ 18 . Life Paint is made by a Swedish start-up called Albedo 100 . It currently sells four different types of spray : a light-reflective spray for metal , wood and plastic , an invisible reflective spray for textiles , a pale grey version of the same kind , and even a light-reflective spray for pets on its website . All of them are temporary and can be washed off . The paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days , some of which are now on sale on eBay -LRB- pictured -RRB- for £ 45 -LRB- $ 66 -RRB- at the time of writing . Dispensed in a spray can , the paint can be washed off meaning it can be applied to clothes , helmets , pushchairs , dog leads and obviously , bikes -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The Life Paint project forms part of Volvo 's aim to improve safety for drivers and those outside of its cars . The company 's XC90 model , which goes on sale in the UK in June , will feature a system called Intellisafe . It uses a combination of radar sensors and cameras to identify other vehicles , pedestrians and cyclists . The Life Paint project forms part of Volvo 's aim to improve safety on the roads . The company 's XC90 model -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which goes on sale in the UK in June , will feature a system called Intellisafe that uses a combination of radar sensors and cameras to identify other vehicles , pedestrians and cyclists . Life Paint -LRB- pictured on a bike 's chain and spokes -RRB- is made by a Swedish start-up called Albedo 100 . The firm currently sells four different types of spray on its website . It automatically brakes if the driver fails to take the necessary action , while Active Bending Headlights search around corners to provide drivers with better visibility to spot vulnerable cyclists at night . Volvo said that Intellisafe provided the inspiration for LifePaint . ` Every year more than 19,000 cyclists are injured on the UK 's roads , ' said Nick Connor , managing director at Volvo Car UK . ` At Volvo , we believe that the best way to survive a crash is not to crash at all , and are committed to making the roads a safer place by reducing the number of accidents . ` Volvo is a world-leader in safety technology , and we are proud to be extending our reach beyond just those driving our cars . ` By making cyclists increasingly visible as well as increasing the safety capabilities of our cars , we are doing our utmost to protect everyone on the road . ' Life Paint is made by a Swedish start-up called Albedo 100 , which sells four different types of spray : a light-reflective spray for metal , wood and plastic , an invisible reflective spray for textiles , a pale grey version of the same kind , and even a light-reflective spray for pets -LRB- shown in the video above -RRB- . Nissan has trialled technology that means cars could glow-in-the-dark on the roads to become more visible . The Japanese car manufacturer has become the first to apply UV absorbing paint on a production car . The ` ultraviolet-energised paint ' on the Nissan Leaf electric car is a demonstration of a secret paint formula made up of organic materials . Nissan has become the first car to manufacturer to apply UV absorbing paint on a production car . The ` ultraviolet-energised paint ' on the Nissan Leaf electric car is a demonstration of a secret paint formula made up of organic materials . Use the slider , above to see the car glow after dark . Known as Starpath , the paint is applied by spraying and absorbs UV energy from the sun throughout the day . It is able to glow for between eight and 10 hours when the sun goes down . The paint is the brainchild of Surrey-based inventor Hamish Scott , who is already trialling glow-in-the-dark cycle paths in Cambridge . It 's made from very rare earth materials , including Strontium Aluminate , which is solid , odourless and chemically and biologically inert . However , the paint option wo n't be a choice for future customers because the ingredients mean it is unlikely to be used on a large scale .