Manchester United have ramped up their efforts to sign PSV Eindhoven star Memphis Depay by making an official approach for the 21-year-old . The Eredivisie champions have confirmed that the Red Devils have made a move over the Holland international - with United manager Louis van Gaal keen to make him one of his first signings this summer . Van Gaal is already familiar with the qualities of Depay having named him in his 23-man World Cup squad last year as Holland finished third in Brazil . VIDEO Scroll down to see Depay 's stunning free kick against Heerenveen . Manchester United have made an official approach for Memphis Depay -LRB- right -RRB- , says PSV 's technical director . United boss Louis van Gaal -LRB- right -RRB- is keen to make the winger of his first signings this summer . Depay -LRB- right -RRB- worked under Van Gaal during Holland 's successful 2014 World Cup campaign . Depay -LRB- right -RRB- was often used from the substitutes bench by Van Gaal as Holland finished third in Brazil . Premier League rivals Tottenham were keen on signing Depay last summer but saw their £ 15million offer rebuffed by PSV . And now it appears United are in pole position to land the signature of the Dutch giants ' No 7 - despite competition from some of Europe 's biggest club 's including Paris-Saint Germain . ` That was last summer . Now Depay is worth more than that , ' PSV technical director Marcel Brands said of Tottenham 's bid nearly 12 months ago . ` It 's true there has been contact with Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain and a third , big European club . ` But this time we are talking about bigger amounts of money . ' Depay is enjoying a prolific season at the Philips Stadion where he has scored an emphatic 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season . The 21-year-old -LRB- left -RRB- has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season . The 21-year-old took his tally to 20 on Saturday PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch championship on Saturday for the first time in seven seasons . The Dutch league 's leading scorer doubled the hosts ' lead midway through the first half with a stunning free kick after Luuk de Jong headed them ahead early on . Heerenveen midfielder Joey van den Berg pulled a goal back for his side before De Jong restored the two-goal advantage just before half-time and Luciano Narsingh added a fourth late on . It is a 22nd league championship for PSV , who are second only to Ajax -LRB- 33 titles -RRB- in Holland . PSV Eindhoven won there first Eredivisie title in seven years after beating Heerenveen 4-1 on Saturday . Depay -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates the Dutch giants ' success with manager Phillip Cocu after the match . Early years and PSV Eindhoven . Born in 1994 , Depay started out at hometown club VV Moordrecht - a Dutch amateur side in south Holland - at the age of six before joining Sparta Rotterdam three years later . The son of a Ghanaian father and Dutch mother , Depay moved to PSV at the age of 12 before making his first-team debut in September 2011 having impressed during a trial . Depay signed his first professional contract in June 2012 and has already made over 100 appearances for the Dutch giants . Playing style . Pacy , with neat close control , Depay loves to run at defenders and completed the most dribbles in the entire Eredivisie during the 2013/14 campaign . Adding more goals to his game this season , the youngster is more than capable at shooting from distance and boasts an explosive right-foot . Often playing on the left-wing and cutting inside , Depay is strong on the ball and has more than a few tricks up his sleeve to bamboozle opponents . However , still at a young age and learning the game , the 21-year-old can sometimes be guilty of making the wrong pass or keeping hold of the ball for too long . Talent to one day match Arjen Robben ... and already better than a young Cristiano Ronaldo ? While Depay has been tipped to become as good as Dutch star Arjen Robben by PSV manager Phillip Cocu , one man believes the Holland youngster could one day rival Cristiano Ronaldo . Ed van Steijn , the man who scouted Ronaldo for Manchester United , believes Depay is better than the Real Madrid star was at the same age . Speaking to Dutch daily newspaper Algemeen Dagblad , Van Steijn said : ` If I compare him to a young Cristiano Ronaldo at the time , then Depay has more strings to his bow . I like him better . ` Ronaldo did the same things wrong at Manchester United as he did when he was 17 . ' Meanwhile , former Holland midfielder Cocu said of Depay : ` Whether he can be as good as Arjen Robben ? I think so . ` They are different players , but they are both fast and have a good shot . And both always have the urge to learn . ` But Memphis is only 21-years-old and only in a few years can real conclusions be drawn . ' Depay 's PSV team-mate Stijn Schaars is also a fan and told Helden Online : ` He 's doing everything to reach the top . ` He has a body of a true athlete , power and flair . I 'm not afraid of him losing his head . His drive is huge . I like him a lot . ' International star and World Cup goalscorer . Depay was handed his first Oranje call-up by Louis van Gaal in 2013 and was selected for Holland 's World Cup squad a year later . The energetic frontman scored the winning goal in Holland 's 3-2 victory over Australia , before coming off the bench to net against Chile and help Van Gaal 's men seal top spot in Group B. Having impressed in Brazil , Depay was nominated for the tournament 's ` Best Young Player ' award but lost out to France midfielder Paul Pogba . CLICK HERE to read Sportsmail 's full background article about Memphis Depay .