A second person is dead after a body was found in Alabama waters following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta near Mobile Bay . Major Steve Thompson with the Alabama Department of Public Safety 's Marine Patrol Division said that one person was found dead on Saturday and a second was found dead on Sunday morning . During a press conference on Sunday , authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the Dauphin Island regatta on Saturday - which included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people . Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta , according to authorities , and names of the missing and deceased were not released on Sunday . Scroll down for video . A second person is dead and five are missing following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats in a regatta near Mobile Bay , Alabama on Saturday -LRB- above footage taken by someone on a boat during the storm -RRB- . The regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people -LRB- above a camera captures a passing sailboat trying to get through the big waves during the storm -RRB- . Coast Guard Capt. Duke Walker told al.com that ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta . Walker also said crews are using boats and airplanes to search vast portions of the bay , including the center and areas close to Dauphin Island where family members have gathered . The storm rolled through the area about 4 pm and a man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9 pm , Petty officer Carlos Vega said . Families of those missing stayed overnight in a makeshift shelter hoping that on Sunday morning they would be reunited with their loved ones , according to AL.com . Survivor Robert Luiten was a member of a five-person crew with also his 18-year-old son , Lennerd when they were thrown into the bay after the storm hit . He and another crew member were rescued quickly , but he told AL.com that it took around six hours until his son was found by rescuers . Late Saturday , the pair were reunited however two of their crew were still unaccounted for . Major Steve Thompson , left , with the Alabama Department of Public Safety 's Marine Patrol Division announced on Sunday that one person was found dead on Saturday and a second was found dead the following morning . Dauphin Island Regatta sailors gather near their docked sailboats on Saturday in Dauphin Island , Alabama where Coast Guard officials said they responded to a report of multiple capsized vessels . Kevin Maurin -LRB- above -RRB- , 28 , president of the Dauphin Island Fishing Rodeo who was caught in the middle of the storm with his eight-person crew , said as soon as they let the sails drop ` freaking hell broke loose ' Randy Rutledge and Rhonda Morgan Gilreath of Rome , Georgia were 15 minutes from the 18-mile race 's finish when the storm hit . They were left in the water for two hours before being rescued and their boat sank in the storm 's aftermath . ` It was just unbelievable how high the waves were , ' Gilreath told AL.com . ` They were just bashing you from every side . ' ` We knew we were totally lost at sea , we did , ' she continued . The storm also caused a loss of power to 23,000 residents in coastal Alabama and Dauhpin Island Park remained dark into Saturday evening , according to AL.com . Footage of what appears to be a group of five on a sailboat during the storm was posted to YouTube showing big crashing waves and strong winds . Kevin Maurin , 28 , president of the Dauphin Island Fishing Rodeo , said the weather on Saturday started off with pleasant winds . Lt. Jason Downey , of the Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources , calls in a capsized catamaran as search and rescue operations continue off Dauphin Island , Alabama on Sunday . Flotilla volunteers take lunch donated by the Salvation Army of Coastal Alabama out to first responders . On Sunday , Coast Guard crews continued searching Sunday for five people missing in the water . ` They were scattered anywhere from Dauphin Island Bridge all the way out into Mobile Bay and across to Fort Morgan . It was a wide area , ' said Dauphin Island Mayor Jeff Collier . He told AL.com that race officials had cancelled the regatta before moving forward with it after an hour-delay . While he and his eight-person crew were enjoying the race , he said out of nowhere the storm hit and in a quick-thinking move that likely saved them from ending up in the water , the captain ordered the boat 's two sails to be lowered . ` It was a great day , everybody on the boat was having fun , ' Maurin told AL.com . ` All of a sudden , within seconds , boom . ' ` As soon as they -LSB- sails -RSB- dropped , freaking hell broke loose , ' he continued . ` I was in the middle of it and it was terrible . ' On Saturday , Dauphin Island Mayor Jeff Collier told Al.com that one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause . ` We knew we were totally lost at sea , ' said regatta participant Rhonda Morgan Gilreath , right , shown with her boyfriend Randy Rutledge of Rome Georgia on Saturday . Well-wishers congratulate regatta participant Robert Luiten of Mobile , Alabama , in blue shirt , on word that his son , Leonard Luiten , was found several hours after their boat capsized in a storm on Saturday . ` It 's been a very tragic day , ' Michael Smith , with the Buccaneer yacht club , told WSFA-TV . ` We 've had a lot of breakage , missing people , fatalities . ' Susan Kangal , who was on a boat , told WSFA it was the worst storm that she has seen . ` We were probably an inch from capsizing ; everybody was ready to jump . I did n't have a life jacket on , ' she said . The boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race . ` Apparently there were a number of vessels that became distressed , either capsized or what have you , ' the mayor said . ` They were scattered anywhere from Dauphin Island Bridge all the way out into Mobile Bay and across to Fort Morgan . It was a wide area , ' said Dauphin Island Mayor Jeff Collier . Authorities said not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta on Dauphin Island -LRB- above -RRB- . AL.com reported that Richard Mather , 52 , of Mobile , was aboard a 39-foot O'Day sailboat along with seven people , when he saw two boats collide . He said that they expected thunderstorms but not as severe as they were . ` But we were not prepared for a gale , ' Mather said , ` which is almost like a 30-minute hurricane . ' Mather was not in the race and was able to pull three people onto his vessel about two miles north of the Dauphin Island Bridge . He said the boaters seemed extremely tired but none of them were injured . ` They were exhausted but they were fine , ' he said . ` Their boats sunk so fast that they did n't have time to grab life preservers . '