More than 10,000 dogs a year are poisoned after eating everyday items such as paracetamol and chocolate , a pet charity has warned . The Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods such as hot cross buns and onions can be killers -- and is urging owners to be alert to the threat . Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 , according to figures compiled by the charity and the Veterinary Poisons Information Service . Of those , 470 dogs died . Sick : Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning by vets between 2010 and 2014 . Unlike Crufts prizewinner Jagger the Irish setter , who died last month after eating meat laced with poison , most poisoned pets will simply have eaten something they found lying around the home or fallen ill after being fed treats by their well-meaning owners . Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning , followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate -- which can cause sickness , diarrhoea and fits and trigger heart problems . Dark chocolate is particularly toxic . Foods such as sultanas , grapes and raisins are also highly dangerous for dogs , causing canine kidneys to fail . Dried forms of the fruit found in cakes are the most toxic . Onions , garlic and leeks can cause life-threatening anaemia . Nick Sutton , a Kennel Club poisons expert , said : ` There are any number of ways a dog can get access to dangerous and potentially lethal substances , whether by accident , deliberate feeding or through owners mistakenly believing certain products -- particularly foods eaten by humans -- are fine for a dog to eat . ` Many seemingly harmless foods can be dangerous for a dog and owners need to be aware of these risks in order to protect their much-loved pets . ' The popularity of e-cigarettes has seen them feature more prominently among poisoning cases , with 64 dogs taken to the vet in 2014 after chewing the nicotine-rich refills -- an increase of 300 per cent . However , many more cases are suspected to have occurred , because not all poisonings are reported . Chewing gum was another major cause of poisoning . Just one pack of gum can prove deadly , causing dangerous drops in blood sugar and liver failure . If you fear your dog has been poisoned , the Kennel Club urges owners to contact their vet immediately , even if their dog appears well , as it can take several days before symptoms appear . Mr Sutton said : ` Dogs are very intelligent , very curious and have a great sense of smell . ` But we have to be careful about feeding them things that are n't intended for them . '