Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine . At least that 's according to a new school textbook that takes the meaning of the phrase 're - writing history ' to a whole new level . The bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across North Korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father , the late Kim Jong Il , and his grandfather , Kim Il Sung , were blindly heralded in days gone by . Perhaps unsurprisingly , the manual contains now mention of the country 's history , instead devoting its chapters to minor -- and questionable -- details about Kim Jong-un 's childhood . Like a duck to water ... apparently : A new North Korean school textbook claims that dictator Kim Jong-un -LRB- pictured , above , on a boat with military chiefs -RRB- learned to drive aged three and won a yacht race aged nine . The book , called Kim Jong Un 's Revolutionary Activities , has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year , it was reported by the UPI news agency . Subjects include Kim 's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he 'd even reached double figures . ` At the age of ine , Kim Jong-un raced the chief executive of a foreign yacht company , who was visiting North Korea , ' the text reads , adding that Kim won the race despite the odds . South Korea 's TV Chosun reported that the text also claimed Kim can draw well and knows how to compose music . Lee Seok-young , the South Korean director of Radio Free Chosun , said it remains to be seen just how teachers would credibly impart this wisdom to the schools . Cementing a false image : The bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across North Korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father , the late Kim Jong Il -LRB- left -RRB- , and his grandfather , Kim Il Sung , were blindly heralded in days gone by . The hermit state fights a constant PR war in its bid to portray a fanciful image of wealth and prosperity to its persecuted people . One example came recently when it became embroiled in an escalating international row over Kim 's lurid depiction in Hollywood film The Interview . The United States claims that the film 's presentation of Kim -- whose family has ruled the reclusive , impoverished state for more than six decades -- prompted Pyongyang to launch a massive cyber-attack on Sony Pictures , the studio that made it . Meanwhile , images emerged today of Kim Jong-un apparently showing that he has hurt his wrist . The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country 's capital of Pyongyang in a visit filmed by North Korean Central TV . The footage shows the mysterious dictator waving and smiling to the crowds , with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage . Pictures from state-controlled media show the dictator smiling and waving , with his right wrist in bandages .