The country 's biggest network of foodbanks charges volunteers £ 1,500 to hand out free food in its name , it emerged yesterday . The Trussell Trust asks for the ` donation ' from churches and community groups which open new foodbanks . The money , volunteers are told , is needed to pay for the Trust 's staff , branding materials , PR advice and relationships with supermarkets such as Tesco . Setting up costs : Trussell Trust asks for a ` donation ' of £ 1,500 from churches and community groups . But the hefty bill has come under scrutiny following controversy over the false Trussell Trust claim that it fed more than a million hungry people last year . In fact , the one million figure was the number of food parcels handed out -- so did not account for repeat visitors . One critic accused the network -- which charges foodbanks £ 360 for each subsequent year after the initial fee -- of taking money that could be used to pay for food . The Trust , which has links with the Church of England , hands out parcels containing three days ' worth of donated food to people referred by doctors , social workers and other agencies . The number of Trussell Trust foodbanks has risen eight-fold in just five years , to 445 . Its most recent accounts show an annual income of nearly £ 3.4 million . A pitch to prospective volunteers says : ` We 'll provide you with all the tools , training and know-how that you need to start a foodbank so that people in crisis in your town do n't have to go hungry . ' They are told they will be given a website , publicity materials and ` opportunities to talk to the Press ' among other benefits . The Trust says : ` Foodbanks are asked to make a £ 1,500 donation towards these costs . ' PR and branding : Critics accuse the charity of taking money which could be better spent on food . But the charge has sparked criticism from other charities and community groups . One foodbank volunteer leader said he saw ` no benefit paying £ 1,500 upfront to TT which could be used to buy food ' . Last night , Trust chief executive David McAuley said : ` The cost to the Trussell Trust of helping to start a new foodbank is higher than the contribution that the foodbank makes . ' He said last year the Trust gave its volunteers ` cash grants and in-kind goods which totalled double the amount that foodbanks contributed financially ' .