Porto coach Julen Lopetegui does not believe that Bayern Munich 's extensive injury list will a leading role in Wednesday 's Champions League quarter-final meeting . The Bundesliga champions remain hot favourites to reach the last four of Europe 's elite competition , despite Pep Guardiola only being able to name three outfield players among the substitutes for the weekend 's victory over Eintracht Franfurt . Star players including Arjen Robben , David Alaba , Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger are among those sidelined . Lopetegui insists the 2012-13 winners still have an enviable amount of talent in their squad , but hopes his side can cause an upset . The Porto squad take a training session at their Dragao Stadium ahead of Wednesday 's quarter-final . Porto coach Julen Lopetegui is holding out hope of upsetting Bayern Munich in the Champions League . While the Germans have suffered injuries , Porto have been boosted by the return of Jackson Martinez . Pep Guardiola has hailed his former Barcelona team-mate Lopetegui -LRB- above -RRB- for Porto 's brand of football . The Porto coach has asked his team to call on ` ambition and imagination ' to cause an upset . ` Ambition and imagination are two words we have in mind , ' he told reporters . ` I 'd like to remind everyone that we did n't win a ticket to this competition - we had to earn it through the play-offs . ` We are here , proud and happy to be playing among the best teams in Europe at this stage of the Champions League . ` We want to be the best performers tomorrow while maintaining respect for our opponents . We are talking about one of the best Bayern sides in the club 's history . ` Bayern have injuries but will still have seven or eight world champions on the pitch . We do n't care about the players they do n't have . We have to focus on the ones that will play . ' -LRB- L-R -RRB- Future Real Madrid signing Danilo , Ricardo Pereira , goalkeeper Fabiano and Bruno Indi enter the pitch . Porto players take part in some light running at their home ground on Tuesday . Porto star Hector Herrera attends a press conference on the eve of their season defining game . Bayern manager Guardiola has praised his former Barcelona team-mate for the brand of football he has brought to the the Portuguese , while Lopetegui has been quick to return the compliment . ` I feel the same way Guardiola does about facing me , ' he added . ` There is a lot of respect between us . ` Bayern want possession and usually they get it . We have to take good care of the ball , use it perfectly . We have to be great in attack and defence . ' Porto 's hopes have been boosted by the return of leading scorer Jackson Martinez to the 20-man squad for the first leg at Dragao . Barcelona boss Guardiola has his former team-mate 's total respect ahead of the Eurpoean showdown . Star player Franck Ribery is one of several leading players ruled out of the last eight clash .