Two men accused in the robbery-murder of a 22-year-old University of Kentucky student pleaded not guilty in a Lexington court on Monday . Justin D. Smith , 18 , and 20-year-old Efrain Diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger . The men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday . Smith is also charged with tampering with evidence , reports the Lexington Herald-Leader . Killers ? Justin Smith -LRB- right -RRB- and Efrain Diaz -LRB- left -RRB- have been arrested and charged in the robbery and murder of University of Kentucky junior Jonathan Krueger . Deadly robbery : Jonathan W. Krueger -LRB- above -RRB- , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information , was shot dead Friday in what police are calling a robbery turned deadly . The coroner 's office said Krueger died of a gunshot wound to the chest . He was photo editor for the UK campus newspaper , the Kentucky Kernel . Fayette County Commonwealth 's Attorney Ray Larson would not say if there were other suspects , what the men are accused of stealing or how many weapons were used . ` I suspect that if there are other arrests the police will say that , ' Larson said . ` I really am not going to talk about the facts of a pending case . And if you were on trial , you 'd want me to say that . ' Dazmond Morgan , who lives near the scene of the crime told the Herald-Leader he rushed to the Krueger 's side after hearing four gunshots around 2 am on Friday . Krueger was jerking as he struggled to breathe , Morgan said . Sad : Lexington Police Dept. investigate the fatal shooting on East Maxwell St. at Transylvania Park . Krueger , 22 , was shot and killed at this location around 2 a.m . Murdered : Krueger , the photo editor at the University of Kentucky newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information , was shot in the chest . Krueger 's companion that night escaped and found two people who called police , according to WKYT . One of the men the friend came upon was area resident Thomas O'Mara , who said , ` the look on his face was just like , incredible . ` He was in so much shock . He was asking us if like , he could trust us , cause he was just scared of anything at that point in time.That was his friend who got shot at so it 's terrifying . ' Smith told a reporter Friday he did n't kill Krueger , and Diaz said he was innocent . ` I swear on my life I 'm innocent , ' Diaz said . ` I 've never killed anybody in my life . ' Preliminary hearings are scheduled May 7 . Chris Poore , the student adviser for the university 's newspaper , the Kentucky Kernel , remembered the young man as funny and talented . ` He was an easy friend , ' Poore said . ` He was comfortable with everybody and people felt comfortable with him . He looked you in the eye . ' University President Eli Capilouto sent a note to students and staff Friday morning calling the killing ` incomprehensible . ' ` Although this tragedy occurred off-campus , it is a stark reminder that all members of our campus community should at all times be vigilant about their safety and the safety of others . We are each other 's keeper , ' Capilouto wrote . ` It is also in a moment like this that we are reminded of how fragile and previous life is . ' His friend Adam Pennavaria wrote on Facebook ; ` Terrible , terrible way to wake up this morning . I ca n't even begin to tell you all what a beaming light Jonathan was to every single person in his life . nothing I could write here can adequately describe how we 're all feeling right now . rest in peace , brother . ' Krueger , an avid cyclist , grew up in Perrysburg , Ohio , a suburb of Toledo . His family owned a greenhouse that grew poinsettias and other flowers , Poore said . He was proud of his family 's work ; he showed off pictures of their flowers and farm . His grandfather , Walter Krueger Sr. , said Friday that the family is devastated and asked for privacy . University President Eli Capilouto sent a note to students and staff Friday morning calling the killing ` incomprehensible . ' ` Although this tragedy occurred off-campus , it is a stark reminder that all members of our campus community should at all times be vigilant about their safety and the safety of others . We are each other 's keeper , ' Capilouto wrote . ` It is also in a moment like this that we are reminded of how fragile and precious life is . ' Beta Theta Pi fraternity brothers of slain University of Kentucky student Jonathan Krueger , attend a candlelight vigil held Friday near campus in Lexington .