A Transportation Security Administration agent who was fired in Nashville after becoming obsessed with a coworker - following her , taking videos and photos and breaking into her house five times - was jailed this week as a result of the stalking case . Daniel Boykin , 33 , plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . In apologizing for his actions in court Thursday , Boykin admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at Nashville International Airport and was subsequently sentenced to six months prison . At the time of his arrest last year , Boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim -- 29 taken from the airport bathroom -- and 1,527 photographs . Investigators found additional images taken inside the woman 's home of air vents and shelves in the bathroom , which they believe suggested he intended to plant hidden cameras at some point . Obsessed : Daniel Boykin , 33 , a former TSA employee , appeared in court in Nashville on Thursday as he was sentenced to six months prison for stalking a colleague . More than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim were discovered on Boykin 's phone and computer , and he broke into her home five times . Disturbed : Boykin was sentenced Thursday for unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . He will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison , however will not be registered as a sex offender . He also took photos of her clothing and stole pictures from her electronic devices . The victim , who has not been named , came forward in May 2014 . She told authorities that Boykin would watch her dog on the weekends . However when looking at some photos of the dog on his phone one day at work , the woman discovered a cache of photos of herself . ` I was sick to my stomach , ' she told the court , according to WKRN . ` I am sure I was as white as these walls . ` So eventually I said I had a headache and had to go home . ' Boykin also took to the stand to say he was sorry . ` I have abused and broken a trust that I can never repair , and for that I am truly sorry , ' he told the court . The detective in the case , Andrew Vallee , said he as truly shocked during the investigation . Arrest : Police began investigating Boykin on May 30 , 2014 , after the U.S. Attorney 's Office forwarded a complaint filed by the victim . She came forward after observing videos of herself on Boykin 's phone . He was arrest after a search warrant was served at his Nashville apartment . ` This was one of the worst cases I have seen in terms of invading somebody 's privacy in their most intimate moments and the most secure place , her home , ' the detective told The Tennessean . ` My biggest disappointment in terms of justice was that under current law , -LRB- Boykin -RRB- does n't have to register as a sex offender . ` Because my main motivation for justice is reducing the possibility that he will ever do this again to anyone else . ' On top of the six months in prison , the sentence includes more than five years of probation with strict supervision and GPS monitoring . The judge also emphasized that Boykin should continue seeking mental health treatment .