Hollywood screen icon Lauren Bacall 's carefully-collected personal mementos fetched $ 3.64 million on the auction block at Bonhams New York earlier this week . There were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale , which came to an end on Wednesday - including housewares , furniture , fine art , jewelry and clothing - and every single one of them found a buyer , a spokesperson for the auction house confirmed . Bacall , one of Hollywood 's great golden age actresses , died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York 's Central Park , which is also on the market for $ 26 million . Rest in peace : Lauren Bacall , pictured circa 1950 , died of a stroke in New York last August at the age of 89 . Old school glamor : Bacall , pictured in her Manhattan apartment in 1969 , bought the home for just $ 48,000 and it 's currently on the market for $ 26 million . Among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican , which fetched an impressive $ 173,000 , three times more than was expected , Bonhams said in a statement . From the Humphrey Bogart years , before he died from cancer in 1957 , was his black granite games table and a pair of silver candelabras from the couple 's marital home in Los Angeles . The table brought in $ 26,250 - almost nine times the estimated value . Buyers also snapped up Albert Edward York 's oil paintings Landscape with trees and A country fence together for $ 161,000 , while another purchased a Henry Moore sculpture Three-Quarter Mother and Child on Round Base for $ 118,750 , the auctioneers said . Other items included Indian miniatures , a Japanese portable brass tea set and a marble table inscribed with ` in the name of Allah ' in Arabic calligraphy . A piece of history : This enamel , cultured pearl and diamond broach -LRB- R -RRB- , by jewelry designer Elizabeth Gage , sold for $ 23,750 . It was worn by Bacall at the premiere of Meet Joe Black in 1998 -LRB- L -RRB- . Shine bright : Two 18-karat bracelets -LRB- R -RRB- , one of which features diamonds , worn by Bacall when she starred in A Dozen Deadly Roses -LRB- L -RRB- , sold for more than $ 30,000 each . And from Bacall 's collection of precious gems and jewels , her Tiffany necklace sold for $ 52,500 and another 18-karat gold bracelet went for $ 50,000 . Bacall 's grand Central Park-facing apartment , which is currently on the market , spans approximately 100 feet and boats several bedrooms , a library and seven fireplaces . And while the sprawling Manhattan home is estimated to be worth an impressive $ 26 million , the husky-voiced actress bought the property , in the city 's exclusive Dakota Building , for just $ 48,000 in 1961 and lived there with her three children for the rest of her life . The Dakota also counted John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono as residents , and it was outside that building on December 8 , 1980 , that Mark David Chapman shot the Beatles legend dead . Other neighbors of Bacall included Boris Karloff , Judy Holliday and Roberta Flack . In a 2011 Vanity Fair article , the apartment was described as ` cavernous ' , with a wood-trimmed parlor and huge windows that ` overlook Central Park , 30 feet above the tree line ' . House and home : Hundreds of items from Bacall 's expansive three-bedroom Manhattan property were included in the auction , from furniture to art . Personal touch : Many of the pieces which will go up for sale were clearly identified as having belonged to Bacall , including this director 's chair . Bacall married fellow actor Humphrey Bogart , 25 years her senior , in 1945 at the age of 20 . He died of throat cancer in 1957 . She married her second husband actor Jason Robards in 1961 , but the couple divorced in 1969 . As for the rest of her fortune - built up from a lifetime of lucrative films and her marriage to Bogart - almost all of Bacall 's estate will be split among her three children , Sam Robards and his half-siblings Stephen Humphrey Bogart and Leslie Bogart . Sam , 53 , is an actor , while Stephen , 65 , is a news producer and Leslie , 58 , is a yoga instructor . Bacall also left $ 250,000 to each of her grandsons , according to the New York Daily News . The first item in Bacall 's will - filed in a rush order at Manhattan Surrogate 's Court in August - left $ 10,000 for Sam to take care of her beloved spaniel , Sophie . Precious jewels : The auction included a number of unique accessories , including this collection of costume jewelry . Style star : Former model Bacall was known to be one New York 's most fashionable women , and several of her most iconic pieces , from designers like Ralph Lauren and Chanel , were up for auction . Dear husband : This Hartmann steamer trunk , which bears Bogart 's initials , was sold for $ 47,500 . A sum of $ 15,000 was also left to Isla Hernandez , who worked as the former model 's maid for the last 14 years . ` It 's wonderful - I never thought she would do something for me , ' Ms Hernandez , a Honduran immigrant , told the New York Post shortly after the news was revealed . Another staffer , Maria Santos , was left $ 20,000 . Bacall was sure to stress that her family keep some of her items private , even if the majority were put up for auction . ` I request that my children respect my wish to keep private certain personal letters , writings , diaries and other papers or memorabilia , ' she wrote in her will . Bacall was born Betty Joan Perske in Brooklyn in 1924 . She attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts , alongside Kirk Douglas , and supported herself by working as an usherette and a model . Happy couple : Bacall married Bogart , 25 years her senior , in 1945 at the age of 20 . He died of throat cancer in 1957 . The couple are pictured together in the 1950s . Career-driven couple : Bogart and Bacall , pictured in the 1950s , appeared in a number of movies together and were renowned for their incredible on-screen chemistry . Filled with art : Bacall poses in 1979 at her home , the mementos of her life on show behind her . It was her work in modeling which led to her real career breakthrough : she was spotted by Diana Vreeland , then fashion editor of Harper 's Bazaar , who saw a unique spark in the young Bacall and immediately began working with her . Bacall soon appeared on the cover of Harper 's , catching the attention of the celebrated director , Howard Hawks shortly after . it was Hawks who made the decision to change Bacall 's name to Lauren , when he took a chance on the inexperienced starlet , casting her in his adaption of Hemingway 's tale , To Have and Have Not . Bacall , who was then only 19-years-old , was reportedly so nervous about the role , her head shook involuntarily , so she tilted her chin down to steady herself , with the result being that she looked up at the camera . However it was this unusual style of delivery , combined with the script 's many innuendos , that proved to be a winning formula , sparking a decades-long career in both television and film .