Luis Suarez scored Barcelona 's 1,000 th goal in European competition as the Catalan giants claimed a 3-1 victory over PSG on Wednesday night . The former Liverpool star scored a brace as Barcelona took charge of their Champions League quarter-final tie against the French champions . Suarez 's strike partner Lionel Messi shared an image of the duo together inside the Parc des Princes dressing room via his Facebook page and said : ` Great game with 2 amazing goals from my friend Luis Suarez ! ' Scroll down for video . Luis Suarez -LRB- right -RRB- poses with Lionel Messi after scoring twice in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday . Suarez scores his first of the night at the Parc des Princes - Barcelona 's 1,000 th goal in European competition . Suarez nutmegs David Luiz as he eases past the Brazilian defender on his way to another stunning strike . Luis Suarez scores his second goal , sending PSG goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu the wrong way , to make it 3-0 . Suarez celebrates his goal as PSG 's players are left dejected after being unable to stop the Uruguayan . The Uruguayan international scored his first of the night after beating three PSG defenders before firing the ball past goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu . The Barcelona frontman cheekily nutmegged David Luiz before curling the ball into the top corner to net his second . Suarez 's first goal was Barcelona 's 1,000 th in European competition and the La Liga giants are currently the second highest scorers on the continent . Real Madrid are the top scorers in Europe with 1,016 goals to their name , with Bayern Munich third on 823 strikes and Juventus fourth having found the back of the net on 748 occasions . Speaking after the match , Suarez said : ` We were n't overly dominant . We played intelligently , and worked hard . ` When you play against an opponent like them you have to play with intensity to get the win . We knew we had to win . There 's 90 minutes still to go and nothing is sorted , but we have a good advantage . '