Celebrities are putting their first face forward by snapping just one selfie and sharing it unfiltered on social media in aid of a new campaign dubbed #SelfieEsteem . Female stars including Nancy Dell ` Olio , Josie Gibson , Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate for Good Morning Britain 's initiative , which launched today , as well as male contenders including Piers Morgan and Richard Madeley . According to a survey conducted by the ITV breakfast show , women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four , such is the pressure to look their very best on social media . Scroll down for video . Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid , 44 , shared her first unfiltered selfie -LRB- pictured -RRB- in aid of the #SelfieEsteem , which celebrates women as they are . Speaking on the show earlier this morning , former Big Brother star Ms Gibson , 30 , said : ` I take about 100 -LSB- selfies -RSB- before I get the right one . Yeah about 100 , and then I 've started adding filters these days . ' She continued : ` I do n't think I 'm the only person in the country who has suffered from low self-esteem . ` I know that some of the most beautiful women have got no self-esteem at all and when you 've got low self-esteem it does n't just ruin relationships , it also affects your life . ` I 've not gone for so many opportunities because I have had such low self-esteem at the time . I 've been invited to amazing events and I 've not gone because I 've could n't find anything to wear . Nancy Dell ` Olio , 53 , puckered up for her close-range selfie . Ex-Big Brother star Josie Gibson , 30 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- uploaded her selfie in aid of the campaign and admitted , ` I 've not gone for so many opportunities because I have had such low self-esteem at the time ' Singer Jamelia , 34 , flashed her best smile as she invited others to follow her example . Former TOWIE star Lydia Rose Bright , 25 , looked radiant in her unfiltered snap . Ms Gibson added : ` I 've got such low-self esteem and you compare yourself to all these people are in their nice little bodycons -LSB- dresses -RSB- , looking great and you think `` oh I do n't belong there . '' ' GMB presenter Susanna Reid , 44 , who also shared her first unfiltered selfie in support of the campaign , said : ` It makes me so upset to hear someone beautiful and fabulous and wonderful saying that . ` No-one should be saying I do n't want to go out because I 'm so worried about how I look . ' Ms Reid captioned her photo : ` We 're encouraging you to post the first unfiltered selfie for @gmb #SelfieEsteem campaign -LRB- hair & make-up allowed -RRB- . '' ' MailOnline 's US Editor-at-Large Piers Morgan grinned his way through his submission . TV personality Michelle Heaton , 35 , threw a matching pose with her daughter Faith . Former Westlife hunk Nicky Byrne , 36 , looked more than happy to partake . Other stars to suspend their vanity for the sake of the campaign have included ITV presenter Ben Shephard , 40 , former Westlife crooner Nicky Byrne , 36 , TV personality Michelle Heaton , 35 , who posed with her daughter Faith , and Olympic gymnast Beth Tweddle , 30 . Singer Rebecca Ferguson , 28 , was heavily made up in her selfie , and flashed her ample cleavage , while it was hard to believe Vogue Williams ' snap had n't been doctored , judging by the perfection of her skin . According to GMB 's survey - conducted on 2,000 men and 2,000 women - four out of ten women and three out of ten men avoid looking in the mirror due to low self-esteem . Singer Rebecca Ferguson , 28 , was heavily made up in her selfie , and flashed her ample cleavage . it was hard to believe Vogue Williams ' snap had n't been doctored , judging by the perfection of her skin , but perhaps it was simply good lighting at play . GMB host Kate Garraway , 47 , also posed for a quick snap . Ben Shephard , 40 , shared a similar speedy selfie . Nearly half of women and almost a third of men are unhappy with the way they look , according to the poll , and their weight was the number one thing both sexes would like to change . The survey also questioned 1,000 children aged eight to 17 on their self-esteem and found that 79 per cent were happy with the way they looked , and over half took selfies . Despite this , a third of women worried they were passing on body confidence issues to their children and 41 per cent of children did not think their mother was happy with the way she looked . Worryingly , it was also found that 15 per cent of women and a fifth of men had cropped , filtered , or retouched pictures of their children . Founder of the SelfEsteem Team , Natasha Devon -LRB- pictured -RRB- , was delighted with the response from her campaign . Submissions also poured in from viewers , including Leyla Carter -LRB- left -RRB- Chloe Jervis -LRB- right -RRB- . Charlotte Hobbs -LRB- left -RRB- admits she usually takes ten selfies before settling on the best one , while Jackie Brown -LRB- right -RRB- was also stepping out of her comfort zone .