This is the moment a paedophile was caught by police after grooming a girl he believed to be 14 on the internet . Asylum seeker Jafar Adeli , who is of Afghani origin , was snared by a paedophile vigilante group called Letzgo Hunting . Married Adeli , 32 , arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl after engaging in sexual conversations online and sending an indecent image of himself . Asylum seeker Jafar Adeli who was arrested at a bus station in Leicester after thinking he was going to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex . Adeli had been duped by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting and police were waiting to arrest him when he turned up at the bus station . The vigilante group filmed the meeting , which showed Adeli putting his head in his hands when he realised he had been tricked . Adeli agreed to pay for ` Amy 's ' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey from Hinckley , Leicestershire , to Leicester , where they had arranged to meet . When he arrived , he had three condoms in his pocket . But instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl , Adeli was confronted by police who arrested him immediately while the vigilante group filmed his reaction . The video of his arrest on December 10 has been posted on Facebook and viewed more than 10,000 times . In the footage , Adeli is asked to show his identification to police as he looks up at the officer in disbelief . He pauses before telling officers his name . The officer says : ` I am arresting you on arranging and facilitating child sex offences . ' Adeli bows his head and puts his hands over his face before he is led away by police . On Wednesday Adeli was jailed for 27 months at Leicester Crown Court after he admitted attempting to meet a girl under 16 after grooming her online . ` Amy ' was in fact a vigilante named John who was pretending to be a young girl . Alan Murphy , prosecuting , told the court : ` The man , John , acts as a self-appointed paedophile hunter carrying out covert internet investigations , trying to identify and expose those who would prey on children using the internet . ` He and colleagues used to film such confrontations and put them on the internet , but now they 've changed their way of handling matters and contact the police when there 's been a meeting arranged . ' Mr Murphy said the vigilante had set up a bogus online profile in December claiming to belong to a girl called Amy from Hinckley . Within days , Adeli had made contact and the pair started talking online and exchanged texts and images on their mobiles . The court was told that Adeli had thought he had been chatting to a schoolgirl named Amy , when in fact he had been talking to a member of Letzgo Hunting called John . Yesterday he was jailed for 27 months at Leicester Crown Court after admitting attempting to meet a girl under 16 for grooming . Although Amy 's profile said she was 18 , Mr Murphy said that during the conversations the man who was posing as Amy made it clear that she was in fact 14 . Adeli claimed to be 28 . During the online chats , ` Amy ' said : ` Sorry , you 're too old for me . ' The prosecutor said Adeli replied : ` I know , but we can be friends and talk . ' Mr Murphy added : ` The conversation became sexual , with the defendant leading the way . He asked if she would perform sex acts upon him , suggesting it in the most explicit terms . They made arrangements to meet after two days . ' Navinder Sekhon , defending , described the meeting as a ` preparatory offence and not a completed one ' and said that Adeli felt ` deep-seated remorse ' . Mr Sekhon told the court that Adeli cared for his sick wife and ` wishes to be reunited with her ' . Adeli , who has lodged an appeal to remain in the UK , was placed on a ten-year sexual offences prevention order . Judge Philip Head , sentencing said : ` It was your intention to have full sexual activity with someone you believed to be 14 and something you know to be a crime in this country . ` You were grooming this person for sexual activity . ' The Letzgo Hunting group has caught dozens of paedophiles by posing as young girls online , arranging meetings and then alerting the police . In court Mr Murphy said it had been ` made clear ' that the police did n't support the group 's actions but once they had been given information about an offence they had to investigate it . Adeli has lodged an appeal to remain in the UK and was also placed on a 10 year sexual offences prevention order .