Inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the Belle Epoque , the newly-opened Maison Souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in Paris . Considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world , the City of Lights ' latest overnight offering takes a page from the Maisons Closes , the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes . Situated just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge , this Pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess . The newly-opened Parisian hotel , Maison Souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire City of Lights . The property may be difficult to find , tucked away behind an unmarked facade , and signalled only by two red lanterns and a matching awning , but it 's worth the hunt . Whether grabbing a drink in the lounge or hidden champagne bar or checking in to the one of the property 's extravagant suites , the plush velvet and gold-accented interiors , designed by Jacques Garcia , are not to be missed . There are three categories of rooms in the hotel : deluxe , junior suites and two stunning apartments . But no matter which room you choose , all guests will see Hermes bath products , plenty of silk draping and have the option to rent out the spa and swimming pool for a private dip under the starry ceiling . Located steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre , the hotel is situated in the once tawdy , but now trendy Pigalle district . All of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents . It may be difficult to first spot the property , as the outside facade is understated and marked only by two red lanterns and a canopy . The five-star hotel is described as the point where culture and ` haute-couture ' meet and is meant to represent the luxe Parisian lifestyle . The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of ` stars ' and can be booked out for private use . The 20-room hotel describes itself as a ` temple to hedonism , ' and the property 's butlers are on hand to assist guests with everything and anything they desire . If the library-inspired bar , simply called The Bar , is n't doing it for you , the hotel is happy to make a reservation at any of Pigalle 's most exclusive restaurants and clubs - most just a stone 's throw from the hotel . However , should you care to stay in , The Bar 's signature cocktail , Secrets of the Unicorn , is a mulled wine-based beverage served in a smoked wood glass and peppered with chai spices . It 's also home to an afternoon tea service with options harvested specially from a Chinese garden . Of the hotel 's 20 rooms , 14 are deluxe offerings and 6 - including two especially lavish apartments - are suites . At Maison Souquet , Arbaian style meets Napoleon III in an eclectic collection of furniture and artwork that is both magical and enchanting . All of the rooms are meant to pay homage to the beauty of the courtesans for whom they are named . The 20-room hotel describes itself as a ` temple to hedonism , ' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear . Outside , the quiet conservatory is easily recognised by its glass canopy and wall covered with ivy and jasmine . But it 's the property 's Celestial Spa that may just be its most impressive . Available to any guest who requests the key , the spa 's ceiling is decorated with golden stars that shimmer against a cobalt blue ` sky . ' The outdoor conservatory is recognised by its glass canopy , stone statues and calming wall covered with ivy and jasmine . All of the rooms are unique ` love nests , ' and two thousand metres of 120 different silks were selected when crafting the cocoons . The Bar , which looks as though it 's really a 19th century library , is home to a luxe afternoon tea service and signature mulled wine cocktail . All of the luxurious bathrooms offer Hermes bath products and perfume and all suites have both a bathtub and walk-in shower . No matter which level of room you choose , all offer 24-hour in-room dining and access to the hotel 's butlers to help you plan your stay . Deluxe rooms start at € 338 -LRB- £ 244 -RRB- per night and there are plenty of special offers currently available . The Parisien Romance offer is perfect for a couple looking to escape it all for an evening and includes personal use of the spa , complimentary cocktails and a late check-out . While the Heavenly Wellbeing package also includes private access to the spa 's swimming pool and hammam , the emphasis here is on tranquility and relaxation - great for a couple 's retreat or a girls ' weekend away .