For one determined Texas teen , accomplishing a goal on a list of things to do before turning 21 was caught in a touching moment . As Ben Sunderman , 19 , who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites , the anticipation was overwhelming for the family . In the video filmed by his mother , he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision - which he does not reveal until the end shouting ` I get it . I get the job ! ' With hugs , laughs and excitement all around , the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles . Scroll down for video . For Texas teen Ben Sunderman , it was a proud moment -LRB- above -RRB- last week when he ticked a goal of getting a job off his list of things to do before turning 21 that was captured on video . During the three-minute video posted onto Facebook by his dad Scott Sunderman , Ben reads the letter and his mom eagerly interrupts asking if he got it which he quiets her several times -LRB- left -RRB- . Once he finishes reading it , he freezes with shock as he takes in the news -LRB- right -RRB- . During the three-minute video posted onto Facebook by Ben 's father , Scott Sunderman , the family is in their kitchen while his mother Sharon Sunderman is filming the moment . As Ben begins to read the letter , he is heard saying ` congratulations ' to which is mom says ` Ben what does that mean ? ' He quiets her by putting up his hand and continues to read the letter but hilariously she can not contain her excitement and keeps stopping him as he reads . Ben shouts ` I get it , I get the job ! ' as he rushes over to his dad and leaps into his arms as they embrace in a big hug . Ben 's mom , Sharon -LRB- pictured above with her husband Scott -RRB- said they always encouraged their son to do everything he could do . Once he finishes reading the letter in its entirety , he puts it down and freezes with shock as he takes in the news . He then looks at his parents and shouts ` I got a job ' as he rushes over to his dad and leaps into his arms as they embrace in a big hug . His mom is heard cheering loudly as they all celebrate over his acceptance letter for the internship . Ben puts up both of his fists as he finally has accomplished one of the things on his list before turning 21 - which also includes building his muscles and finding a girlfriend . But for the 19-year-old , this achievement comes behind a line of others . Last year , his mom said he won the title of prom king by a landslide , according to ABC . Last year , Ben 's mom said he won prom king by a landslide at school -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . Ben was one of 12 students with special needs who earned a spot on the internship which will begin in August . ` We just always encouraged him to do everything he could do , ' she told ABC . ` He does his laundry like his siblings , makes his bed like his siblings . ' His internship - which he applied for through Project Search , a program that helps children with disabilities progress from high school to the working world - will begin in August . Ben will travel from his home where he lives with his parents in McKinney to the hotel via public transportation , working eight hours for the internship . Only 11 other students with special needs received an acceptance letter for the placement that will teach them skills in administrative services and housekeeping at Embassy Suites , Nicole Buvari from the company told News 8 . And following the news , the family continues to take in the excitement from their son 's latest accomplishment . ` Everyone sees him as Ben and loves him for who he is , which is great , ' Mrs Sunderman told ABC . ` Just the joy that Ben has at the fact that he is able to get a job and be part of the community . That 's what every parent wants for their kid . '