Tracy Walters , 48 , -LRB- right -RRB- died after her husband Ian 's -LRB- left -RRB- car veered off the M1 motorway last year . A church treasurer accused of killing his wife by deliberately smashing his 4x4 vehicle into a tree at 84mph has described their early sex life together as ` dramatic ' . Ian Walters is accused of murdering his wife of two years after their relationship had collapsed because she was no longer able to satisfy his sexual demands . Walters , who also worked as a driving test examiner , veered off the M1 on the way back from an unsuccessful ` make or break ' trip with his wife Tracy , Leicester Crown Court has heard . The 51-year-old 's Mitsubishi L200 Animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree -- leaving Mrs Walters , 48 , with serious injuries . She was flown to hospital by helicopter but died two days after the crash in March last year . Walters , who was also badly hurt in the incident , was charged with his wife 's murder two months later -- ten days after her funeral . The prosecution is claiming that conflict over sex was a main reason the couple 's marriage had fallen apart . Charles Miskin , prosecuting , said earlier in the trial : ` One of the principal issues was sex . He seemed to want it all the time and she could n't cope with his demands . ' But giving evidence yesterday , Walters described his love life with Tracy as ` very fulfilling ' , adding : ` It was very exciting and adventurous . She taught me things I never knew . It was very refreshing and usually initiated by Tracy rather than myself . ' Walters went on to say that when they had sex it tended to be ` long , dramatic and adventurous ' but lacked the ` intimacy ' he craved . He added : ` What I needed was intimacy . What I needed was more than the touching . I wanted to fall asleep in each other 's arms . ' Quizzed over texts Tracy had sent to friends complaining that Walters had made her feel like ` a sex object ' , Walters agreed with the defence counsel that ` his sex drive was higher than Tracy 's ' . And he admitted that as their relationship had worn on their sex life had waned . The jury also heard that the couple had a ` troubled ' relationship , with Mrs Walters telling relatives and police that her husband had been abusive to her . The couple , who were said to have had a ` troubled ' relationship , had married in Cyprus in 2012 but their relationship is alleged to have become abusive soon afterwards , jurors heard . Mrs Walters , a keen horse rider , was flown to hospital following the collision in Markfield , Leicester , but died two days later from her injuries . She made an application under ` Clare 's Law ' to discover if he had a violent past . The pair , who had both been married once before , had grown-up children from their previous relationships . They started dating in 2011 , and got married a year later in Cyprus . Mr Miskin told the court that the abuse started almost straight away , with Mrs Walters showing relatives bruises she claimed her husband had inflicted . Mrs Walters also texted a relative of one of her sons just an hour before the crash to say : ` I need him arrested when I get back , but I am scared because he is so volatile and I do n't want to wind him up . ' The couple were returning to their home in Swindon when Walters suddenly swerved his car off the carriageway and into a tree . The prosecution claim that Mrs Walters ` could n't cope with her husband 's demands ' in bed , and that Walters purposely crashed to show his wife ` who was in charge ' . But Walters is claiming that at the time of the crash he had been taking antidepressants which sometimes made him drowsy . He told the court that he could recall two times when he had fallen asleep at the wheel , the last of which was on a motorway in 2002 . He said he had also had three fainting episodes in the two years prior to the crash . Walters denies murder . The trial continues . The Mitsubishi L200 veered onto an embankment near junction 22 of the southbound carriageway in March last year . Pictured : Emergency services at the scene of the crash . Giving evidence in his own defence during the fourth week of his trial yesterday , Walters , from Swindon , Wiltshire , described Mrs Walters as his ` world ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .