A two-year-old girl in southern California was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash . The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted ` mommy ' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday . Her girl , who has not been identified , was found injured outside of Jim 's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster . Scroll down for video . A two-year-old girl from Gardena , California , was found Thursday night after disappearing from a car wash and shouting ` mommy ' Police are searching for the driver of a white recent-model Nissan Altima , which was seen at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted . Claudia Robles , who was heading into the burger joint around 7.15 pm , said that the little girl had scratches on her legs and was afraid of going toward the male police officers . The little girl , whom Gardena police have asked not to be identified , repeatedly covered her eyes and screamed after she was found . Police , who originally said she was OK , would not describe the extent of her injuries , according to KTLA . The girl 's mother was too distressed to speak to media . ` She 's a pure little innocent baby , ' her aunt Grecian Alvarez said . The young girl was discovered sitting alone in the parking lot of a burger restaurant 13 miles away and was scared by male police officers . Police would not describe the extent of the young girl 's injuries . Above , the white Nissan was also seen driving in a Gardena neighborhood . Her abductor is believed to be a stranger to the two-year-old . Authorities are looking for the driver of a white , recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash the same time the girl was abducted . The driver , who had tinted windows , is believed to be a serial predator . Caesar Alvarez , the girl 's uncle , said that she was doing well on Friday . She was taken to St Francis Medical Center for examination .