Underlining a change across the nation , nearly 90per cent of U.S. adults now say they have health insurance , according to an extensive survey released Monday . Researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index say the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low . When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 . But marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9 per cent . Whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for President Barack Obama 's health care law , or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all U.S. residents covered , remains to be seen . Underlining a change across the nation , nearly nine in ten adults now say they have health insurance , according to an extensive survey released Monday . The law 's future is still up in the air , and will turn on factors ranging from an upcoming Supreme Court decision on consumer subsidies to actions by Republican leaders in states opposed to Medicaid expansion . The latest update from the Gallup-Healthways survey overlaps with the period when the health law 's second sign-up season was winding down . Coverage gains from 2014-2015 translate to about 3.6 million fewer adults uninsured since the fall , before open enrollment got under way , according to Gallup . ` The Affordable Care Act had three major objectives : increase coverage , slow the rate of increase in costs , and improve health , ' said Dan Witters , research director for the poll . ` The first one is clearly a win . Coverage is increasing ; there is no question about it . ' On balance , an estimated 14.75 million adults have gained coverage since the fall of 2013 , when the law 's first open enrollment season was about to begin , according to Gallup . The uninsured rate lowest since Gallup and Healthways began tracking in 2008 . ` A big outstanding question is what will happen over the next couple of years , ' said Larry Levitt , a health insurance expert with the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation . ` To meet expectations , enrollment has to continue to grow and push the number of uninsured down . ' The Gallup-Healthways survey is closely followed because it combines the depth of government-sponsored research with the timeliness of media polls . Pollsters interview 500 people a day , nearly every day of the year . One of the questions they ask is whether people have health insurance . The health care law offers subsidized private insurance for people who do n't have access to job-based coverage , combined with an expansion of Medicaid aimed at low-income adults in states that accept it . Big states like Florida and Texas are among those refusing to expand Medicaid . The law requires nearly all Americans to have coverage , either through an employer , a government program , or by purchasing their own plan . Those remaining uninsured risk fines . It also provides subsidies to help low-to moderate-income people buy their own insurance . Comparing the most recent sign-up period with the first open enrollment season , the survey found that the uninsured rate declined at a slightly slower pace this time around . In the first three months of this year , the uninsured rate fell by one percentage point . Over the same period last year there was a 1.5 percentage-point decline . From government officials to local volunteers , many people involved with the health care law expected some kind of second-year slowdown . Open enrollment season was shorter , and those who had remained uninsured were seen as more skeptical about the value of coverage . The survey also found that Hispanics saw the biggest coverage gains of any ethnic or racial group . The uninsured rate dropped 8.3 points among Latinos since the end of 2013 . Even so , Hispanics are still more likely to be uninsured . ` At a time when Republicans are very keenly trying to court the Hispanic vote , a large chunk of Hispanics are gaining insurance via the Affordable Care Act , ' Witters said . President Barack Obama 's health care law requires nearly all Americans to have coverage , either through an employer , a government program , or by purchasing their own plan - those remaining uninsured risk fines . The most notable improvement has been among those making less than $ 36,000 a year , a group that traditionally struggled to get and keep health insurance . Recent gains in coverage have benefited people up and down the income ladder . But the most notable improvement has been among those making less than $ 36,000 a year , a group that traditionally struggled to get and keep health insurance . Their uninsured rate dropped 8.7 points since the end of 2013 . Although the economic recovery is likely to be contributing to coverage gains , the uninsured rate is now significantly lower than it was in early 2008 , before the recession . That suggests that the gains in coverage are due to more than an improving economy . Five years after its passage , the biggest question now for Obama 's health care law is a Supreme Court challenge . Opponents of the law argue that its literal language only allows the government to subsidize premiums in states that set up their own online insurance markets . Most have not done so , defaulting to the federal HealthCare.gov . Supporters say that while some provisions may be confusing when read in isolation , the intent of Congress was to help consumers in every state pay their premiums . A decision in that case is expected by late June . The survey results were based on landline and cellphone interviews conducted from January 2 to March 31 with a random sample of 43,575 adults ages 18 and older . For results based on the total sample , the margin of sampling error is plus or minus 1 percentage point .