Attorneys for a 19-year-old accused of sexually assaulting several girls at his former high school say there is a ` treasure trove ' of evidence proving the girls lied about the abuse , but the lawyers want further access to Facebook accounts to prove it . Tyler Kost , who appeared in court on Monday , was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old , most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School . The Pinal County Attorney 's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation . Pictured : Tyler Kost has been in jail for over a year since a group of teenage girls accused him of sexual misdeeds . Accused : Attorneys for the 19-year-old accused of sexually assaulting several girls at his former high school say there is a ` treasure trove ' of evidence proving the girls lied about the abuse . Kost stared straight ahead throughout most of the proceedings , his expression waffling between consternation and sedation . He looked older than in his booking photo with pale skin and close cropped brown hair . Kost 's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse . ` Over a year ago Mr. Kost was publicly accused of being a serial rapist . What we know now is that there was a group of girls who conspired against Tyler to put him in jail . They succeeded in that , and Tyler has now been in jail for over a year based on those lies , ' Kost attorney Christine Whalin told KSAZ . The prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims , but Defense Attorney Michael Alarid said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people to determine how far the plot spreads . The court documents reveal a group Facebook chat where three of the accusers and three witnesses made plans to ` teach a lesson ' to Kost and referred to the movie ` John Tucker Must Die , ' where ex-girlfriends take revenge on a former boyfriend . ` Tyler needs to be taught a lesson , ' ran one interaction , reports KSAZ , as well as ` We should sacrifice him to Satan . ' And another exchange read : . ` I 'm down , ' ... ` I already know this is going to be so much fun ! ' In court : The prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims , but Defense Attorney Michael Alarid said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people to determine how far the plot spreads . The exchange happened weeks before the women accused Kost of sexual assault . Facebook 's privacy policy prevents the defense from gaining access to the other records , Alarid said . Only law enforcement can request the information from Facebook , he said . ` Quite frankly the fact that the state is refusing to get any additional social media records is concerning . It 's shocking . Based on what we 've uncovered so far they should be dismissing several charges . Instead they are digging their heels in and they are refusing to give us anything additional , ' Alarid said . Prosecutor Shawn Jensvold said the records are not in the state 's control and ca n't be turned over to the defense . Further , he said , the defense has not demonstrated a substantial need for the information . Taking cues ? The court documents reveal a group Facebook chat where three of the accusers and three witnesses made plans to ` teach a lesson ' to Kost and referred to the movie ` John Tucker Must Die , ' where ex-girlfriends take revenge on a former boyfriend . The film stars Jesse Metcalfe and Ashanti . Jensvold said that the Facebook conversation only shows that three of the victims might be involved in a revenge plot , but not the other 10 victims . ` It 's not the state 's job to go on a fishing expedition for the defense , which is very clear within the case law , ' he said . Kost was arrested after the Pinal County Sherriff 's Office received a tip accusing him of sexual assault against five victims . He was booked on two counts of sexual assault and two counts of sexual misconduct with a minor . Detectives later identified eight other girls who said they were sexually abused by Kost . A spokesman for the sheriff 's office said that in at least one case Kost threatened , harassed and told a victim to kill herself . In another , a victim said she became pregnant when she was raped after a Poston Butte homecoming dance . Judge Kevin White set the next hearing for May 4 at the Pinal County Superior Court . Back in court : Tyler Kost , who appeared in court on Monday , was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old . Kost stared straight ahead throughout most of the proceedings , his expression waffling between consternation and sedation . He looked older than in his booking photo with pale skin and close cropped brown hair .