Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul smacked around Democratic rival Hillary Clinton at a campaign stop in New Hampshire this morning on the eve of the former Obama administration official 's first visit to the Granite State as a proclaimed 2016 candidate . ` When Hillary Clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one for her baggage , ' Paul said during remarks at a New Hampshire GOP summit taking place in Nashua this weekend . ` I 'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering ' Paul said , predicting that she 'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation 's donations from foreign actors . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . ` When Hillary Clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one for her baggage , ' Rand Paul said during remarks at a New Hampshire GOP summit taking place in Nashua this weekend . Then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is pictured here walking from her airplane on October 31 , 2012 upon her arrival at Zagreb Airport in Croatia . Clinton is now running for president and will campaign in New Hampshire this week . Clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed ` Scooby ' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid . She ditched the van within days and flew back to the East Coast , travelling coach . The wealthy Democrat was spotted at the Omaha , Nebraska , airport on the way back carting her own luggage . Paul has been suggesting since he announced his bid for the Oval Office in early April that Clinton , a former first lady , U.S. senator , secretary of state and board member of the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation would ` soon ' face a day of reckoning over the charity 's fundraising practices . ` I think there is big news coming on the Clinton Foundation , ' Paul told Fox News during a New Hampshire swing earlier this month . ` I think there are things that went on at the Clinton Foundation that are going to shock people . ' ` I think they 're going to make people question whether she ought to run for president , ' he said , declining to go into more detail . He 's issued the foreboding warning several times since , saying today , ` There 's more coming , too . ' Paul said that if Clinton wants ` to be the candidate of women 's rights , ' she after to answer for the Clinton Foundation 's acceptance of gifts from Saudi Arabia , which disrespects women , as well as her use of a private email server while working at the State Department . Her knowledge of the security situation at the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya before a September 11 , 2012 terrorist attack is also a concern . Of all the Obama administration 's numerous ` scandals , ' Paul said Benghazi is the one that ` bothers ' him the most and hit Clinton for claiming it was below her ` pay grade ' to read the diplomatic cables that were sent to the State Department in the days preceding the assault . Event goers hold Stop Hillary signs during the First in the Nation Republican Leadership Summit in Nashua , New Hampshire today . Paul warned today that Clinton 's day of reckoning is coming over checks her family 's foundation took from foreign actors . Rand Paul shook hands with prospective voters and posed with a baby , 17-month-old Michael Alukonis , at a dinner in Merrimack , New Hampshire , this morning before his speech at the summit . The budding Paul supporter is held by his grandfather , also Michael Alukonis , said a few words in favor of Paul 's presidential bid at the campaign stop . Putting daylight between himself and the rest of the presidential field , Paul implied the Benghazi attack would never have happened if he had been president because he never would have allowed a U.S. presence in Libya in the first place . Of his probable GOP competitors , Paul charged that ` they would have just done the same thing , just ten times over ' as President Barack Obama . ` They all look alike , all sound alike , they all dress alike and nothing ever changes , ' he said of his colleagues , two of whom - Senators Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida - have already joined the race . Rubio and Cruz are also in town for the summit . Cruz will give remarks , answer questions and participate in an event for Young Republicans this afternoon . Rubio was the featured speaker at last night 's dinner . There , he took a swipe at Clinton , too , over her recent visit to Chipotle , where she came and went without being recognized and did not tip . The Florida senator said he 'd been talking to former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown backstage , and Brown told him that Clinton planned to raise 2.5 billion to support her 2016 run . ` That 's a lot of Chipotle , my friends , ' he quipped . Paul this morning stopped in a Merrimack restaurant , The D.W. Dinner , where he shook hands with prospective voters and even posed with a baby , 17-month-old Michael Alukonis , whose grandfather , also Michael Alukonis , said a few words in favor of Paul 's presidential bid during the planned campaign stop .