With Pearl Lowe and Gavin Rossdale for parents , there 's no denying that Daisy Lowe is rock and roll royalty . The genetically-blessed model proves she 's a chip off the old block in an edgy new beauty shoot for Rodial . Wearing a leather jacket and skinny black jeans , Daisy smoulders in the new shoot to promote the beauty house 's contouring range . Daisy Lowe , 26 , is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in her new beauty shoot for Rodial . The 26-year-old was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ` modern , cool and quintessentially British edge . ' So how does she achieve that flawless look ? FEMAIL caught up with the young star to discover her style and beauty secrets . ` It 's a fail safe range , ' says Daisy . ` You just have to learn where to place the contouring . My top tip is : suck in your cheeks and make a fish face , which casts a natural shadow on your face . ` Then apply the bronzer over that shadow and then pop the highlighter above that . ' Daisy , who has been working as a model for years , shows off her flawless skin and razor-sharp cheekbones in the new shoot to promote the brand 's contouring range . Daisy was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ` modern , cool and quintessentially British edge ' After years on the modelling circuit , Daisy says the top tip she 's picked up is using concealer around her nose to even the skin tone . ` Oh , and make your forehead and chin a lighter shade than the rest of your face for a more defined look , ' she said . As well as starring in beauty campaigns , Daisy has been busy partying at Coachella festival with her famous friends . The IT girl was spotted representing the British talent at the Soho Desert House Coachella party in the company of stars like Zoe Kravitz and Katy Perry . The supermodel , who counts the likes of Alexa Chung and Cara Delevingne as her best friends , even created a lipstick for the beauty giant . Daisy poses on set with the brand 's president , Maria Hatzistefanis , who met the model at the Rodial Beautiful Awards , where she was named Woman Of The Year . The English rose had her porcelain skin on show in the floor-sweeping number , catching some of the LA rays at the riviera spot . Gushing about her picturesque weekend in the sunshine , Daisy wrote on Instagram : ` Oh stop it Palm Springs - you are just too much for my eyes to handle ' alongside a picture of the palm trees . Palm Springs was a long way from little old England and the beauty later told her 165k Twitter followers : ` Never want to leave ' before hitting the field in the same maxi dress . Daisy lead the British talent at the Soho Desert House Coachella party in the company of stars like Zoe Kravitz and Katy Perry over the weekend .