Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in Yemen . A Saudi prince has promised to give a free Bentley to every pilot involved in the Yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop . Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop advances from the Shiite Houthi rebels , who are allied with Iran and previously overthrew the Saudi-backed government . Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal , the Saudi King Abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in Riyadh , the Saudi Arabian capital , a free Bentley . Prince Talal , who owns $ 300 million stake in Twitter , apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted , the International Business Times reported . He wrote : ` To recognise the one hundred participating Saudi pilots I am pleased to present them with 100 Bentley cars , ' On Tuesday the Saudis said the bombing raids , which have killed at least 944 people and wounded around 3,480 , had been successful and they were to focus on finding a political solution instead . But the raids appeared to have resumed by Wednesday , with fighting taking place in Taez . Dozens more people are said to have been wounded or killed . Bin Talal , 60 , is the grandson of Saudi Arabia 's founder Ibn Saud and one of the richest men ion the world . He has an estimated fortune of $ 23 billion and investments in London 's Savoy Hotel , Apple , Citigroup and News Corp. . He has previously gifted 25 Bentleys to members of a Saudi football team and in 2013 threatened to boycott Forbes magazine for underestimating his wealth and saying he was only in 26th place in a list of the world 's richest . Almost 1,000 people are thought to have been killed during four weeks of air strikes by Saudi Arabian forces . The Prince , who is a billionaire , has pledged to give each of the pilots involved in the air strikes a Bentley . His comments were met with criticism on Twitter , as well as supporters of those in Yemen who have been killed in the month long airstrikes . Saudi forces began its military campaign , called Operation Decisive Storm , on March 26 . They were launched to stop the advancement of Shiite Houthi rebels who had previously overthrown the Saudi-backed government and ousted President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi . Saudi Arabian forces pledged that air strikes which destroyed areas of Sanaa would stop on Tuesday , but they appeared to resume again on Wednesday following advances by rebels on the ground in Yemen . After four weeks Hadi had still not be reinstated and the rebels still retain control of the capital Sanai . The Saudis announced yesterday an end to the ` successful ' Operation Decisive Storm and that they would be moving to a new operation , dubbed ` Restoring Hope . ' This is to focus on security and counter terrorism and was said to involve a downscaling of military activity . However the Saudi-led coalition had warned it stood ready to counter against any advance by the rebels - and appeared to take action today as fighting resumed in the second city of Aden as well as Taez . In Taez , the rebels took advantage of the lull in air strikes to overrun the headquarters of the 35th Armoured Brigade , loyal to Hadi , an army officer said . The conflict has created severe shortages of food and other supplies by closing sea and airports .