Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani has rejected rumours that he does not get on with team-mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic insisting the only issue he has is being played out of position . Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair 's relationship and earlier in the season coach Laurent Blanc even said they must improve their partnership on the pitch . Former Napoli forward Cavani admits that he and Ibrahimovic are not necessarily friends but dismissed speculation of a rift with the Sweden international . Edinson Cavani argues with the referee during PSG 's 3-2 win against Marseilles at New Stade Velodrome . PSG forward Cavani challenges with Marseilles midfielder Mario Lemina during Sunday 's clash . Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic amid reports the pair do not get on . ` I do not know where this rumour of a bad relationship with Ibrahimovic comes from , ' Cavani told Canal Plus . ` We are footballers who play for the same club and we respect one another . One can not be friends with everyone . ' But Cavani has reiterated his frustration at being shoehorned into a front three and not playing in his favoured position alongside Ibrahimovic . ` The only concern that I have ever spoken about is that I was recruited to play as a striker with Ibrahimovic and it has not always been the case . Ibrahimovic celebrates PSG 's third goal against Marseille in the 3-2 victory on Sunday . Cavani -LRB- left -RRB- , picture talking to Laurent Blanc and Marco Verratti , takes issue with being played out of position . ` There is a long series of games where I have not scored in Ligue 1 but that can happen . In France , people judge me as a lone striker , but I do not play in that position . ` But aside from that , everything else is perfect here . ' Cavani has been linked with a summer exit and , despite revealing his intentions to honour his contract that runs for another three seasons , he refused to rule out a possible move . ` Currently , I am just thinking about finishing the season in Paris and also respecting my contract , ' he added . ` My attention is only focused on training with the club that pays me . But anything can happen in football . '