The stylist behind singer Rita Ora 's unique , over-the-top hairstyles has revealed how much work the chart-topper has to put into ensuring her blonde locks remain totally healthy . Chris Appleton , who has been working with natural brunette Rita , 24 , for the past two years , confessed to Daily Mail Online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and ` maintenance ' . ` We have to color the hair every three weeks , ' he explained . ` We 've managed to get the timing perfect so that she 's not coloring it all the time . If you keep bleaching it , you push it too far and it can look awful , which has been done in the past by other celebrities ! Scroll down for video . Style icon : Chris Appleton -LRB- R -RRB- has been working as singer Rita Ora 's hairstylist for two years . Haircare regimen : According to Chris , Rita 's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks , a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently . ` I also make my own hair masks , which I make her sleep in , to ensure that her hair stays in the best condition possible . ` I 'm so strict with Rita , I want to make sure that her hair always looks great , and that means a lot of work . When she has any spare time , I make her condition . ' But despite the seemingly endless hours of maintenance required in order to keep Rita 's barnet looking its best , Chris insists that the singer is n't planning to follow in Kim Kardashian 's footsteps and make a change to brunette any time soon . ` Blonde is such a statement , despite the fact that it 's a lot of maintenance behind the scenes , ' he said . ` We 've never done anything deep or dark and we change the actual style so much that I 'm eager to keep the color consistent . ' The singer did have a chance to experiment with a darker hairstyle when she appeared in the recently-released Fifty Shades of Grey movie however ; Rita 's role as Mia , the younger sister of charismatic businessman Christian Grey , saw her don an extremely short , dark wig , which Chris believes helped Rita to separate herself from the character . Innovation : Every hairstyle that Rita models has something unique and different about it . ` I always want to do something to make her hair look special , ' Chris explains . The girl with the pearl ... hair : This embellished hairstyle is one of Chris ' favorites . ` It worked for the film , because she was n't Rita , she was Mia Grey , and I think that was a good thing , ' Chris said . ` But I do n't know if it 's a style we will be trying out on Rita in real life ! ' While Rita might not be planning to replicate Mia 's severe hairstyle any time soon however , Chris says that she is certainly not averse to experimenting with a variety of different looks - be they temporary , or permanent . Indeed , the decision to cut Rita 's hair into a much shorter style just a few months ago was actually made on a whim , during a late-night styling session . ` I was talking to Rita about chopping her hair for a year , but it was about finding the right time , ' he explained . ` Then at two in the morning , I was working on her hair , and we 'd been doing it for hours , and she just said : `` I think it 's time . '' ` She called me the next day and was so happy with it , which was great . And it looks amazing , it was just a bit weird that we decided to do it then and there so late at night , or early in the morning I guess . ' CopyKaty : According to Chris , singer Katy Perry recreated two of Rita 's hairstyles for her This is How We Do video . Something different : For her role as Mia Grey in the recently-released movie Fifty Shades of Grey , Rita had the chance to experiment with darker locks . And beyond the length and color of Rita 's hair , Chris is determined to ensure that her style is always fresh , unique and interesting , and is often experimenting with different textures , embellishments and colorful accessories . ` Sometimes I get a lot of time to work on a look - I 'll know what outfit she 's planning to wear for a red carpet , or an appearance , and I can plan accordingly , ' he explained . ` Other times , I do n't really get any time at all and I just have to pull it out of the bag ! ` But I always want to do something to make her hair look special ; if she 's wearing a really detailed dress and we want the hair to be more simple , I 'll do something really subtle - like the gold leaf that we used in her parting at the 2014 Met Gala . ` But if we want to go all out , then we 'll work with loads of different accessories , or colors . I loved when we sewed loads of pearls into her hair , I thought that looked amazing . And it was so different and unique . ' ` It 's all about the details - I 'm all about adding details to the hair . People will watch , -LSB- so -RSB- make it worthwhile . ' Put a ring on it : Chris and Rita will often work together in order to come up with a new and unique way of accessorizing her hairstyle . Twisted : Rita often showcases Chris ' work on her Instagram account . While Chris admits that he and Rita do n't always see eye-to-eye about what hairstyle they should go for , he adds that she is always willing to go the extra mile in order to create something that is totally unique . And it seems that the seemingly endless hours Rita and Chris have spent working on maintaining and perfecting her varied hairstyles have more than paid off , with many of the more elaborate styles inspiring numerous other celebrities and style icons to create similar looks . ` The people behind the new Star Wars movie loved the hair we created for the UK version of The Voice -LSB- on which Rita is a judge -RSB- so much that they are going to use it in their next film , ' Chris revealed . ` Katy Perry also did a similar style to the gelled baby hair that Rita had at Coachella for her This is How We Do video . ` The same look was also used at a number of fashion shows including DKNY and Givenchy . ' ` Chris is incredibly talented , ' Rita says of her ongoing relationship with the hairstylist . ` We work so well together drawing inspiration from any number of things - from Marilyn Monroe to London street fashion . Chris is always up for creating real moments , trying something different while keeping me smiling the whole way . '