Former Manchester United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring the glory days back to Old Trafford . United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form , having won six successive matches . Victory at Stamford Bridge would put United within five points of the Blues , but the fact that the leaders have one game in hand means they are big favourites to lift the Barclays Premier League trophy next month . Edwin van der Sar -LRB- right -RRB- is convinced Louis van Gaal -LRB- left -RRB- will bring the glory days to Manchester United . Van Gaal 's United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form , having won six successive matches . Van der Sar admits the title is probably beyond United 's grasp this season , but when asked whether the Red Devils could challenge for the championship next year , the former goalkeeper said : ` With a little bit of luck , they could have done that this season but for Chelsea winning a lot of those games with late goals - but let 's hope so . ` Believing in the philosophy of Louis , at the start of the new season , I think he can bring the club back to the place where it belongs . ' United boss Van Gaal revealed this week that he started planning in January to make acquisitions in the summer transfer window . Van Gaal revealed this week that he started planning in January for players he wanted to bring in this summer . Van der Sar admits the title is probably beyond United 's grasp but thinks they can win trophies , like he did . Mats Hummels , Nathaniel Clyne and Kevin Strootman - amongst others - are on the Dutchman 's radar . Van der Sar , who won four titles at United , believes the club 's revival will gather pace if a couple of new signings are added in the window . ` It 's been a good turnaround for the club and , if they can hold on to that third place , it 's a great position to then maybe strengthen in a couple of areas of the team , ' Van der Sar told United 's website . Van Gaal is looking to strengthen in the summer with United already linked to a number of top players .