We have most friends at the age of 26 after having spent the first quarter of our lives building up our friendship circle , a new study has revealed . The report into friendship showed that our social circle peaks at 26 years and seven months , at which we typically have five close friends . Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months , with men hitting the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months . Women are most popular at 25 years of age , while men hit the friendship high a little later at 27 . File image used . The research , by greetings card firm Forever Friends , shows that a third of adults -LRB- 36 per cent -RRB- met their closest friends while at school with a fifth -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- saying they met them at work . Social networks such as Facebook and Twitter now also play a major role in nurturing new friendships . The study found that 25 to 34-year-olds make 22 friends via Facebook , compared to 18 to 24-year-olds who make 12 , and 35 to 44-year-olds who will have made just four . Forever Friends relationship coach Sam Owen said : ` It is no coincidence that over a third of us meet our best friends at school . ` It is a key time in our lives where friendships are grown through sharing notes , giving gifts , seeing each other regularly and laughing a lot . ` As adults we can often forget how powerful these small things are and how the little things can make a difference . Small gestures are just as important as big ones . 1 . Trustworthy - 85 per cent . 2 . Loyal - 79 per cent . 3 . Funny - 62 per cent . 4 . Respectful - 57 per cent . 5 . Have a love of travel - 15 per cent . 6 . Thick skinned - 13 per cent . 7 . A good taste in music so we can go to the same gigs - 12 per cent . 8 . Generous so they can be treated to things - nine per cent . 9 . Stylish - seven per cent . 10 . Attractive and popular with the opposite sex - six per cent . ` With growing external pressures being put on friendships these days , it 's important to nurture and make time for our friendships . ` If we could only do one additional thing a week to show we care and love our friends , it would create a stronger framework for the future . ' Later in life we find ourselves losing friends . Over half -LRB- 54 per cent -RRB- of us have lost friendships through moving , while 36 per cent say that over time they grew apart from close pals . Having children has also caused 19 per cent to drift away from childless friends . And new relationships play a big role in finding - and keeping - friends , with one in 10 people -LRB- 11 per cent -RRB- saying their friendship circles had expanded due to a new relationship and 10 per cent revealing their partner did not approve of some . The study also looked into the amount of friends we would like to have . It found that the average Brit has four close friends , but ideally we want six . Tellingly , almost half -LRB- 48 per cent -RRB- of women and 39 per cent of men have at least one secret they share with their best friend , which they would never tell their partner .