A man arrested by police investigating the disappearance and suspected murder of chef Claudia Lawrence has been released from bail . Pub landlord Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice . North Yorkshire Police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation . Missing chef : Claudia Lawrence -LRB- left -RRB- was 35 when she disappeared in North Yorkshire in March 2009 . Pub landlord Paul Harris -LRB- right -RRB- was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice . Miss Lawrence , who was 35 when she disappeared , was last seen on March 18 , 2009 . She was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6 am shift at the University of York . Detectives began reviewing the case in 2013 and have since carried out a number of searches , including a detailed re-examination of Miss Lawrence 's home , in the Heworth area of York , and a fingertip search of an alleyway that leads to the rear of the house . A man , in his 50s and from the York area , was arrested last month on suspicion of the chef 's murder . He was later released on bail . A 60-year-old man was arrested last year in connection with her disappearance and suspected murder but was later released without charge . Father and daughter : Miss Lawrence -LRB- right -RRB- was reported missing by her father Peter -LRB- left -RRB- after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6 am shift at the University of York . Probe : Detectives have carried out a number of searches , including a detailed re-examination of Miss Lawrence 's home , in Heworth , York , and a fingertip search of an alleyway that leads to the rear of the house . Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn , the senior investigating officer , said : ` Our investigation into the disappearance and suspected murder of Claudia Lawrence continues to focus on key lines of inquiry that the ongoing review is identifying . ` People should also be reminded that any arrest we make must be based on evidence , be that from witnesses , forensic examinations and/or on the basis of other information we gather . ` I am convinced the breakthrough in the investigation will be from this relentless pursuit for the truth . ' A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said the decision to release the 47-year-old man from his bail conditions had been made following consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service . The spokesman said information provided by him had clarified certain issues . Anyone with information that could assist the probe is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or www.crimestoppers-uk.org . 2009 . March 18 . 5.57 am - Miss Lawrence is captured on CCTV arriving for work at the University of York 's Goodricke College . 2.31 pm - The chef leaves work to walk the three miles to her home on Heworth Road . A female colleague sees her as she drives past in her car and gives her a lift , dropping her off outside her house . 3.05 pm - The last sighting of Miss Lawrence as she walks back to her house . 8.10 pm - Miss Lawrence has a telephone conversation with her father , Peter , and then another with her mother , Joan . 8.23 pm - She sends a text message to a friend . 9.12 pm - Miss Lawrence receives a text on her mobile phone but it is not known if she read the message . March 19 . 6 am - Miss Lawrence fails to arrive for her shift at work . April 24 . Detectives say they are treating Miss Lawrence 's disappearance as a suspected murder . 2010 . March 18 . Police reveal Ms Lawrence spent the night with a mystery boyfriend just two days before she went missing . It was ` critical ' they spoke to the man , a detective adds . May 25 . Police confirm they have spent two days searching a house about ten miles from Claudia 's home as a result of a ` recent development ' July 29 . Police confirm they are scaling back the number of officers dedicated to the inquiry . 2011 . March 18 . On the second anniversary of Miss Lawrence 's disappearance , Detective Superintendent Ray Galloway reveals that he could have ` potentially ' spoken to her killer . 2012 . March 16 . Peter Lawrence speaks of his daily pain over his daughter 's disappearance and makes a plea for anyone who may still harbour a sense of ` misguided loyalty ' to come forward and help with the police investigation . 2013 . October 29 . Police announce that a new forensic search of Miss Lawrence 's home is to begin as they launch a fresh review of the case . 2014 . March 17 . Mr Lawrence , speaking ahead of the fifth anniversary of his daughter 's disappearance , says not knowing what happened to his daughter five years after she disappeared is like a ` cancer ' eating away at him . March 19 . Police say a new forensic examination of Claudia 's house has uncovered the fingerprints of people who still have not come forward five years after she disappeared . They say they are seeking to trace two men and two vehicles seen near her home . May 13 . A 59-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of murder by detectives investigating the disappearance , and later released without charge . July 23 . Pub landlord Paul Harris , then 46 , is arrested on suspicion on perverting the course of justice . 2015 . March 23 . A 59-year-old father-of-two from the York area is arrested on suspicion of murdering Miss Lawrence and released on bail the next day . April 14 . Mr Harris - now aged 47 - is released from bail after providing information to detectives which has progressed the investigation , police say . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .