A new mother and her baby were found dead on a cliff face after she was advised to stop taking an anti-psychotic medication so she could breastfeed . Charlotte Bevan had come off risperidone -- a powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder -- before her daughter Zaani was born late last year . Four days after the birth , the 30-year-old walked out of Bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms . Exit : Four days after giving birth , 30-year-old Charlotte Bevan -LRB- left -RRB- was able to walk out of Bristol Maternity Hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms -LRB- right -RRB- . The next day , police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near the Clifton suspension bridge . Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by . It emerged yesterday that Miss Bevan -- who is believed to have had a history of severe mental health problems -- had been advised by medics to stop taking the drug ahead of Zaani 's birth . NHS guidance says mothers should take risperidone during pregnancy only if their doctor says they need to . It adds : ` If you take this medicine during the late stages of pregnancy or during labour , your baby may have some problems or withdrawal symptoms and may need to have some monitoring after birth . ' At a pre-inquest hearing yesterday , Avon senior coroner Maria Voisin said ` breastfeeding advice given in relation to -LRB- Miss Bevan 's -RRB- risperidone ' was an issue she wanted to explore in an effort to prevent future deaths . Discovery : After a huge search , police found Miss Bevan 's body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near Clifton Suspension Bridge . Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by . She said : ` She was not taking risperidone -- what action was being taken and what impact was that having on her mental health ? ' The coroner also said there were further questions for the hospital to answer , adding : ` The ward she was on - was it appropriate for her to be on and were all the staff trained and able to deal with her needs ? ` Obviously there is the issue of Charlotte managing to leave the ward and the hospital unnoticed and unmanaged . ' University Hospitals Bristol NHS Trust launched a review into the care it offered Miss Bevan and her baby following their deaths in December . Immediately after Miss Bevan disappeared , friends and family said she had battled depression since her father 's sudden death from a brain tumour in 2000 . And it was suggested she had suffered a decline in mental health due coming off medication . Miss Bevan 's boyfriend Pascal Malbrouck , her mother Rachel Fortune , and her sister were among the family at the short pre-inquest review held at Avon Coroner 's Court in Flax Bourton near Bristol . Plea : Miss Bevan 's boyfriend Pascal Malbrouck -LRB- left -RRB- and her mother Rachel Fortune -LRB- right -RRB- at a police press conference in December 2014 appealing for Miss Bevan and her baby to return after they disappeared . Family : Miss Bevan , who was found dead last year , is pictured with Mr Malbrouck -LRB- left -RRB- and Ms Fortune -LRB- right -RRB- . When asked if she wanted anything raised at the inquest , Ms Fortune said her daughter had asked that Mr Malbrouck was not there during the birth . Investigation : An Avon and Somerset search and rescue team member works with police to search an area near Avon Gorge in Bristol in December 2014 . She said : ` I think it needs to be said that Charlotte decided Pascal was not present and I think that needs to be said . I think that says something . ' The coroner also expressed her dismay when a Bristol hospitals trust representative said she still had little information on which medical witnesses would be called and what evidence they would offer . Trust representative Caroline Saunders said Avon and Somerset Police were gathering statements from health staff and they had not been passed on to her yet . But coroner Ms Voisin , who said another pre-inquest hearing would now have to be held in around two months , said : ` I would normally expect the Trust to be much more familiar with at least the chronology and the staff involved -- not passing that over to the police . ' She said it was also now unlikely the full inquest in to both deaths will take place until after the summer holidays . And she said to Miss Bevan 's family : ` There is a lot more work to do and I am sorry if you think it is a slow process but I think in this case we should take things a little more slowly , a little more carefully , to ensure the best for Charlotte and Zaani . ' Among those witnesses expected to provide evidence at the inquest will be Miss Bevan 's care co-ordinators , midwives , a hospital porter , and a consultant psychiatrist .