Britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in an international league table looking at a range of living standards . Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings . With figures showing that almost one in four of the population is obese , Britain was 111th out of 133 countries on that specific measure . Overall , the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance , putting us outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people in the world . Britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in an international league table , put together by a Harvard Business School academic , looking at a range of living standards . Overall , the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance , putting Britain outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people in the world . Despite national earnings that make us the world 's fifth richest country , living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness , particularly obesity . We also got low placings for lack of religious tolerance , crime rates that are only middling by world standards and for the speed at which we soak up water resources and destroy natural habitats . The findings recorded by US analysts in a ` social progress index ' suggest that the fast economic recovery from the recession has done little to ease longstanding problems that blight the lives of millions . The analysts , led by a Harvard Business School academic , based their research on the idea that financial records do not tell the whole truth about a country . The same thinking has driven David Cameron to order Whitehall to start collecting measurements of happiness and well-being . The social progress league table has been drawn up on the basis of ratings of essential medical care and everyday nutrition ; on housing and energy standards ; crime ; education ; health and fitness ; political and conscience rights and freedoms , and levels of tolerance . It broadly reflects the concerns of liberal and Left-wing thinkers -- for example countries are marked up if girls do not marry young , if contraception is universally available , and for low greenhouse gas emissions , but there are no rankings that take into account factors such as family break-up or single parenthood . Index chief Michael Green said : ` Overall , within Europe the UK 's ranking is middle of the road : it is more socially advanced than the US , Belgium , France , Ireland or Spain , but loses out to all the Nordic countries , Canada and Australia . Despite national earnings making the UK the world 's fifth richest country , living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness , particularly obesity , as well as a lack of religious tolerance and crime -LRB- file picture -RRB- . ` The UK is let down by its disappointing score on health and wellness , and like many rich countries the UK 's lowest score is on ecosystem sustainability . ' The table -- which says Norway followed by Sweden and Switzerland are the best-off countries in the world -- lists only four EU countries in the top ten . It says that Italy , at 31 , is doing less well than Costa Rica , Chile or Uruguay . Israel is even further down the table , below Argentina and Mauritius . Britain is first in the world , according to the researchers , for conquering hunger , providing water and sanitation , for electricity supply , a low murder rate , adult literacy , and freedom of speech and movement . It also wins top spot for the number of globally-recognised universities , for low levels of women marrying at young ages , and for numbers of mobile phone users . However the UK is 32nd for its comparatively high rates of deaths from infectious disease , and 33rd for public concern about crime . For freedom of religion Britain is 50th , and for religious tolerance 80th . There are also poor results for the proportion of water resources that are taken for human use , where we are placed at 82 in the world , and for destruction of wildlife habitat , where we are 53rd . For Press freedom , the UK is ranked 27th . Professor Michael Porter of Harvard Business School , who headed the research , said : ` A striking finding is that gross domestic product is far from being the sole determinant of social progress . '