An engineer , who was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes after he was found with homemade alcohol in Saudi Arabia , has spoken of his frustration with the lack of help he received from the Australian embassy . Grandfather Peter Mutty , from Roseberry in Sydney 's inner-west , was caught with two cartons of beer , one box of red wine and one box of white wine in his car on August 31 last year while driving home in Riyadh . The possession of alcohol is illegal in Saudi Arabia . Sydney grandfather Peter Mutty -LRB- pictured with his wife , Debbie , and grandchildren -RRB- has had a travel ban placed on him after he served time for alcohol possession , which is illegal in Saudi Arabia . While other expats who had committed the same crime in the past were deported , Mutty was ordered to serve jail time according to the Islamic calendar and received 28 of the 75 lashes he was sentenced to have . He said it was not unusual for a reduction in penalty as the point of it was to ` humiliate ' a person . The 57-year-old was sent to Thoqba prison in the Al Khobar Eastern Province on October 19 and was released on March 19 . He shared the same cell with two murderers , a rapist and thieves . But since he walked free , Mutty has been unable to leave Saudi Arabia or work as he has been banned from travelling out of the country without any explanation as to why this is happening . Mutty 's situation has turned so desperate that he and his wife , Debbie , have reached out to family to help them by donating money . He was jailed for six months and 75 lashes , but only received 28 . Mutty says he received little assistance from the Australian embassy in Saudi Arabia . The Sydney grandfather does not deny he committed the crime , but he has grown increasingly frustrated with the Australian embassy who he claims have not been taking his case seriously . ` The Australian embassy , who made contact late in the piece with the -LSB- Saudi Arabia 's -RSB- Foreign Ministry , said I would not receive lashes but I did . The whole thing is a complete stuff-up , ' Mutty told Daily Mail Australia . ` We do n't care what the politics are , -LSB- we want them to -RSB- take this seriously . An Australian citizen is not being treated fairly . ' Mutty said the embassy should have helped him try and find out which department had placed the travel ban on him . ` We do n't know who put the travel ban in place . -LSB- It could have been -RSB- the police , the Department of Foreign Affairs , the office of public prosecution , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` And we ca n't focus on the right person to lift this travel ban . ` That 's what we 're expecting the Australian embassy in Riyadh to do for us . They have to be much more proactive . ' Mutty has grown so frustrated with the situation that he has gone public to drum up awareness . ` My own embassy did n't stand up for me and finally we went to Australian media and the embassy has now decided to do something , ' he said . After speaking out about his situation to the Australia media , Mutty was now receiving assistance from the embassy . When asked why he had run the risk of getting caught , Mutty answered frankly : ` Because you get complacent . I never thought I would get caught . ` The way life works here for expats is all of us live on compounds and those compounds are secure , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` If you know someone on other compounds , you go to their compound in your car . ' -LSB- After a barbecue -RSB- , you take some food and some nibbles and some alcohol -LSB- back home -RSB- , and every time you run the risk . ` It 's very unusual expats get stopped by the police here ... -LSB- but -RSB- on this particular day , we got stopped . ' Despite his brush with the law in Saudi Arabia , Mutty said he would be willing to return and work in the country . ` I would have no problem coming back to Saudi Arabia to work , ' he said . ` I knew the laws of the country . I signed a document that I understood the laws and alcohol ban was listed , so in other words I knew what I was doing and getting myself into . ' A spokesperson for the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade told Daily Mail Australia tey had been providing Mr Mutty with consular assistance . ` The Australian Embassy in Riyadh has been providing Mr Mutty with consular assistance in line with the Consular Services Charter from the time he first made contact seeking assistance on 10 September 2014 . ` That assistance , which continues , has included visits to him in prison , to ensure his health and welfare were being appropriately safeguarded , and official representations on his case to senior Saudi authorities , ' the spokesperson said . ` The Embassy is in contact with Mr Mutty and his legal representative about having the current travel ban lifted so that he can depart Saudi Arabia . '