Householders who moved in to newly-built ` dream homes ' claimed today they were ` more like hell ' after suffering months of problems including flooding , 2ft holes and damp . The owners in Huddersfield , West Yorkshire , began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn - and are now calling on Harron Homes to resolve their 11-month ordeal . Neighbours have also reported issues with drains , streetlights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and the architrave , loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street . Property problems : Liz Brindley , 31 , is pictured with her nine-month-old daughter Cora in her sandbagged garage at one of the new homes facing issues such as damp and flooding in Huddersfield , West Yorkshire . Issues : Neighbours in Huddersfield have reported issues with drains , street-lights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and the architrave , loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street . The family homes in the Lindley area of Huddersfield have four or five bedrooms and cost in the region of £ 250,000 - in an area where the average property value is just over £ 150,000 . Liz Brindley , 31 , who was one of the first people to move into a property in May last year , said : ` This was meant to be our first dream home , but it has turned into more like hell . It is unbelievable . ` With a new build you expect some snagging problems - but this has become much more than that . When it rains , we have to put buckets up against the windows as it comes running through . ` Our bathroom was uneven when we first moved in - and , as Harron Homes were still on site , we asked the site manager to have a look . He could not believe it and said the structural beam may have bowed . ' Married Mrs Brindley , who has a nine-month-old daughter Cora , is unsure if her home is structurally safe , after workers ' attempts to correct the problem saw the floor pulled up and cemented over . She added : ` We were originally told that they would have to remove part of the house in order to fix the issue with the structural beam , but they just came back and cemented over it . ` They have also had to redo -LSB- this -RSB- since . Now I have to step up to get into the bathroom as they raised the floor . They have been three times to try and rectify the situation . Photographed by residents : These pictures show leaking coming from the homes ' garages and windows . Flooding inside : The owners began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn . ` However , it has still not resolved . I still wonder whether or not there is still a problem with the beam and how safe it is . There is also cracks in my house and I 'm wondering if it is all connected . ' Another resident David Netherwood , 37 , says he feels ` robbed ' by the whole situation with his ` dream home ' . He said : ` When you buy the house , you expect it to be like the showroom . You expect snags here or there but it 's been 11 months of this . ` We were delighted to move in to our home - a property that we felt we could spend the rest of our lives in . You do n't expect to have rain coming through your front door , down the hallway and through windows . ` Our garage door I feel is not fit for purpose as it has gaps which you notice when it rains because it almost feels like you 're in a shower . ' A 2ft hole caused by a collapsed drain has also sparked great concern with residents after repeated calls allegedly failed to prompt a response . Alan Cadman , construction director for Harron Homes , said : ` We are aware of the frustrations experienced by some of our valued purchasers and would like to take this opportunity to reassure them that we are committed to rectifying their issues . ` Hell ' : Mrs Brindley with nine-month-old Cora outside their home in the Lindley area of Huddersfield . Leaking : Harron Homes said it was ` genuinely sorry for the inconvenience caused ' and admitted the ` current level of customer care is simply not acceptable ' Loose tiles : As well as problems with the roofs -LRB- above -RRB- , a 2ft hole caused by a collapsed drain has sparked great concern with residents after repeated calls failed to prompt a response . ` Many of the issues have been fixed previously but given months of bad weather and the notoriously exposed location of many of the properties , some problems have unfortunately , reoccurred . ` In line with the construction industry as a whole we have experienced significant delays in securing trades to undertake the remedial work , especially on developments where there is no longer any active construction present . ` He added that a new customer care manager will soon be visiting the new homes , insisting that an emergency meeting with subcontractors will establish time scales for work to be done . Mr Cadman said : ` As Yorkshire 's premier homebuilder we remain confident in the quality of the homes we build but realise the current level of customer care is simply not acceptable . We are genuinely sorry for the inconvenience caused and are taking a robust and direct approach to resolving them as soon as possible . '