Dele Alli has set his sights on the Toulon Tournament with England Under 20s as he aims to cap a season that will live long in his memory . The 19-year-old 's impressive performances for Milton Keynes Dons earned him a dream move to the Premier League with Tottenham Hotspur in a £ 5million deal rubber-stamped in January . Loaned back to the Dons for the remainder of the season , Alli 's 14 goals have helped keep them in touch with the automatic promotion places in League One . Dele Alli has set his sights on playing for England Under 20s at the Toulon Tournament next month . Dele ALli has impressed for MK Dons this season leading to Tottenham signing him for £ 5m in January . Alli laid on two assists for team-mate Carl Baker during the Dons ' 3-0 home win over Doncaster Rovers on Tuesday night , a result that leaves them a point behind second-placed Preston North End with two matches to play . The season has seen progress for Alli on the international scene too , with good performances for Sean O'Driscoll 's Under 19 team . His absence through an ankle injury was a big blow as the team failed to qualify for the Under 19 European Championships but Alli could compensate for that by winning a place in Aidy Boothroyd 's Under 20 squad for Toulon next month . Alli told The FA.com : ` I 'm not going to lie and say it is n't -LSB- a target -RSB- . You want to do as well as you can . The aim is to eventually get into the first team . Alli keeps his eyes on the ball as he shoots during MK Dons ' victory against Doncaster Rovers on Tuesday . Alli was named Football League Young Player of the Year at the Football League Awards last Sunday . ` Obviously the next step to that is the Under 21s and that 's the aim for me to try and break into that squad or the Under 20s . ` I really enjoyed playing for the Under 19s last year , especially with the team we had and the manager . ` We played a real attractive game , and we liked to play football and that is what I 'm used to so it was n't like I was going away and playing a whole new story . ` I 've really enjoyed it and obviously my aim is to eventually get into the seniors . So any age group I play in , the better for me . ` The aim next year for me is to play at the highest level I can for England . ' Alli poses alongside FA chairman Greg Dyke -LRB- left -RRB- at the Awards in London on Sunday night . England have been drawn in Group B of the Toulon Tournament with China , Ivory Coast , Mexico and Morocco . They begin their campaign against Morocco on May 28 . His influential performance against Doncaster continued another good week for the midfielder , who was voted Young Player of the Year at the Football League Awards on Sunday night . ` It was a real honour to win it - especially with the players I was up against in Patrick -LSB- Bamford of Middlesbrough -RSB- and Nathan Redmond -LSB- of Norwich -RSB- . ` They 're great players , and from playing with Patrick last season -LSB- during his loan spell at MK Dons -RSB- , I know just how good he is , so it was a great honour and achievement for me . ` But it would n't have been able to do it without my team-mates . '