The football family has rallied round a Blackpool pensioner sued by the Oyston family for alleged defamatory comments made on his Facebook page . Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the Championship 's basement club , having to pay a staggering £ 20,000 in damages . Supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to £ 15,000 in under three days -- an act of defiance against the running of Blackpool . Blackpool fans vent their disgust at the Oyston family , who own the club , last week . Supporters have been protesting against the Oystons before matches and then not attending the games . Knight is a lifelong fan of the Seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year . A fellow Blackpool fan began a fundraising page on the website ` go fund me ' , which has attracted interest across Britain . Countdown 's Rachel Riley and comic Russell Brand have tweeted links to the page . Brand said : ` Blackpool fans ! What 's going on at your club ? How can I help ? #ThingsCanChange ' Riley tweeted : ` One for the football family - petty and awful treatment of a Tangerine OAP fan by the owner , ridiculous stuff . ' It looks likely that organiser Joe Atherton will reach his £ 20,000 target in the coming days . Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston speaks on his mobile phone during Tuesday 's draw with Reading . Owner Owen Oyston watches the match huddled under a blanket in the stands . Blackpool fan Frank Knight posted an apology on a supporters ' messageboard on Thursday . And Atherton ca n't believe the way in which his fundraising has taken off . ` When typing in the £ 20,000 `` target '' I sat back and thought `` no chance , if we can get Frank £ 5k or so I 'll be happy . '' To break this in just over two days is amazing , ' he told Sportsmail . ` It 's not just Blackpool fans either . Clubs with other struggles like Pompey , Stockport , Cardiff and Coventry fans all donated . ` Even fans from arch rival clubs like Preston , Bolton and Burnley have donated . It 's been pretty overwhelming . We 've even had overseas donations from Australia , Sweden , Malaysia and America . ' Another supporter is awaiting a court date with the Oystons after making defamatory remarks online . Karl Oyston is to soon find out his fate for branding a fan a ` retard ' before Christmas , telling him to ` enjoy your special needs day out ' and claiming he was banned from the ground because he was a ` p **** ' . Blackpool 's recent history has been entrenched in bitter disputes off the pitch , with paying customers regularly protesting at the ownership of their club . That was compounded last week when Lee Clark and his team 's relegation to League One was confirmed . Blackpool 's main reception at Bloomfield Road was pelted with eggs before their game with Reading . Broken eggs on the floor outside Bloomfield Road . Dozens pelted the Bloomfield Road reception with eggs and flares before their draw against Reading last Tuesday . A group also travelled to the Oyston home near Waddington , Lancashire on Sunday to vent their fury . Members of the family stood within the grounds and watched as they protested in front of the gates . And Knight 's apology will only serve to exasperate the problem further . Posting on a fans ' messageboard , the pensioner said : ` I now regret making these allegations , I fully accept that they are false and I wish to sincerely apologise for them and also for the harm , distress and financial losses my comments have caused both BFC and the Oystons and I wish to unreservedly withdraw them . ` I accept that my publication of the allegations on Facebook and in a manner which is readily accessible to users constitutes a very serious libel . It has injured the reputation of the Oystons and has caused them considerable embarrassment and distress . ` It has damaged their reputation in business and it is considered to be grossly defamatory of the position of the Oystons within the Club , within the football hierarchy and within the football community in general , as well as within the local community for it to be even suggested that either or both of the Oystons were not only aware of such alleged activities but also that either or both of the Oystons actually condoned them . ` In recognition of this , I have agreed with their suggestion that I should pay to BFC , by way of damages , costs , disbursements and interest and in full and final settlement of all matters in issue between myself and BFC and the Oystons , the sum of £ 20,000.00 . ` After a frank discussion with the Oystons , I acknowledge that they are both genuine fans of BFC and they and their families have only the best interests of BFC at heart . I recognise that BFC is now in a significantly healthier situation than when the Oyston family first became involved in it . ` I note that the combined net assets value at cost of Segesta and BFC were £ 32 million as at May 2014 , compared with - £ 42,000 as at May 1987 , when the Oystons took over BFC . I accept the Oyston family 's main objective is and always has been , for the financial stability and success for and of BFC . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .