Supermarket giant Asda has been forced to recall dummies which could pose a choking risk to newborns for the second time in two years . The chain was alerted to a possible fault in the packs of Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0 + Months after a customer complaint on Facebook . The complainant said that the teat had detached from the hard casing of one of the dummies , although luckily the baby was unharmed . The Asda Little Angels 2 Newborns 0 + dummies , which have been recalled by the supermarket over a potential choking risk . Customers are now been asked to either dispose of the products or return them to an Asda store , where they will be given a full refund . The supermarket said that no other Asda Little Angels dummies had been affected and that the recall was a ` precaution ' . It comes after parents were also asked to return packs of the Little Angels Cherry Soother in January 2013 , when a fault was identified . Again a choking risk emerged when one dummy came apart in a baby 's mouth . An Asda spokesman said : ` These are two isolated incidents involving different products . ` We are yet to conduct our investigation to identify the cause of the problem , but we take any complaints about baby products extremely seriously , which is why we have taken the decision to recall the soothers as a precaution . ' The recall is the second that Asda has issued in two years after the Little Angels Cherry Soother dummy was recalled after one came apart in a baby 's mouth -LRB- file picture -RRB- . Meanwhile in a notice to customers , the supermarket apologised for any inconvenience caused by the recall of the dummies , which are sold in twin packs . Asda said : ` We have had one customer complaint that the teat has broken away and detached from the hard casing , so we have taken the precaution of taking the product off sale and recalling from customers due to the possible choking risk . ` The care and safety of our customers is out top priority , which is why we are recalling the product even though there has been only one complaint and we are yet to conduct our investigation . ' In 2007 , the supermarket was also forced to recall 115,000 Chinese-made bottles due to fears the caps could break off . Although no child was hurt drinking from the bottles , which were intended for children aged three and over , the supermarket asked customers to return them for a full refund .