North Sea cod stocks are bouncing back after being heavily overfished for decades and could even be sustainable in five years , new research has found . The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern European fisheries analysed and experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s , but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 . North Sea cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished and could be sustainable in five years . However the findings by Seafish and the Marine Stewardship Council -LRB- MSC -RRB- revealed that one in nine fisheries operate sustainably , with 400 suffering from serious failings in data management . The exact cod stock figures remain unknown due to a severe lack of scientific data on the number of fish caught every year , according to the Guardian . Dr Tom Pickerell , technical director at industry-funded Seafish , which represents the seafood industry , told the paper he was surprised at how close the North Sea cod is to being certified . He said : ` I would like to think within a decade we will have MSC-certified North Sea cod . I would like to put it closer -- where within five years it could look at entering the system . ' Cod stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s , but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 . The findings by Seafish and the Marine Stewardship Council -LRB- MSC -RRB- did reveal however that one in nine fisheries operate sustainably , with 400 suffering from serious failings in data management . Although eight out of nine fisheries fell short Dr Pickerell remains optimistic , adding : ` It 's a question of glass half full or half empty . Trawling in the North Sea saw catches grow each year until the 1980s , with figures for cod peaking at 300,000 tonnes in the 1970s . Various regulations were put in place to protect the stocks of fish , including limited fishing times and limited numbers of fishing boats . But these rules were never systematically enforced and did not bring much relief . After the UK joined the EU , which introduced the Common Fisheries Policy , the problem of overfishing was steadily brought under control . Numbers fell to below 70,000 tonnes for the first time in 1999 and reached its lowest level of 28,900 tonnes in 2006 . A report in 2012 suggested that there were only 100 adult cod , which become more fertile as they age , left in the North Sea . Researchers warned a lower life expectancy meant a lower birth rate and a faster decline . But in 2013 the first signs of recovery started to show as the Marine Stewardship Council recognised cod could be on track for certification . ` We are looking at it as glass half full because we now have an action plan . We would have been in the dark without this research . ' The research included 450 inshore fisheries , which were assessed against the criteria set out by the MSC to be considered for its ` blue flash ' logo . This logo is seen as an indicator for consumers that the seafood comes from sustainable fisheries . Toby Middleton , country manager at the MSC , said the report highlights a ` lack of clarity ' on who was responsible for maintaining the fisheries as too many fell between different authorities . The Marine Conservation Society -LRB- MCS -RRB- said it recognises stocks are recovering and that there are ` positive signs ' but still regards it as a species to avoid . The MCS still lists cod caught in the North Sea as ` fish to avoid ' , rating it at level 5 . It explains that stock levels in the North Sea have declined from a peak of 250,000 tonnes in the early 1970s to their current level of around 70,000 tonnes . Atlantic cod is listed by OSPAR -LRB- The Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the North-East Atlantic -RRB- as a threatened and declining species and by International Union for Conservation of Nature -LRB- IUCN -RRB- as vulnerable in the Greater North Sea and Celtic Sea . ` The efforts of fishers and managers through the Conservation Credits Scheme , and the fact that there is a long term management plan in place , are very positive moves and will hopefully see the fishery continue to recover in the coming years , ' it says . The Marine Conservation Society puts forward a recommended list of fish we can eat ... The MCS list of fish to avoid : .