How do you fancy taking a tour of the Grand Mosque of Abu Dhabi , seeing Berlin 's historic Checkpoint Charlie or exploring Cape Peninsula in South Africa ? You can now have a real holiday ` e-xperience ' from the comfort of your own home , and importantly , for a fraction of the price . Park Inn by Radisson has today announced the launch of a pioneering , new virtual travel service which redefines the concept of ` holiday ' . The Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi is definitely a sight worth seeing . E-scapes is the world 's first ` virtual holiday ' experience on social media -- allowing customers to appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels , whilst actually still at home . For just the fraction of the price of a traditional ` holiday ' , the holidays take management of an individual 's social media profiles and ` transports ' them away on the ` e-trip ' of a lifetime . While E-scape customers are relaxing at home , their social media accounts - including Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Snapchat -- are updated to give the illusion they 're on a trip away . To create these ` e-experiences ' , a dedicated team of social media specialists prepare a tailored itinerary of airport check-ins , status updates and attendance at all the best destination hotspots and events . The famous Checkpoint Charlie was the famous Berlin Wall crossing between East Berlin and West Berlin during the Cold War . In addition , E-scapes ' designers use cutting-edge photo manipulation software to produce flawless photos of customers at their chosen destination , much to the envy of their friends and followers . The rise of ` social media swaggering ' has produced a new type of traveller , one who values kudos within their social groups over a physical trip away and the experience it brings . The mirage of being well-travelled on social media , is sometimes perceived more important than the travel experience itself . Berlin . From just € 19 -LRB- £ 14 -RRB- . Includes visits to the Reichstag , Checkpoint Charlie and Berlin Cathedral . Fine dining at the famous Heising restaurant . Wild night -LRB- and morning -RRB- at techno club Tresor . Price includes unique content across Facebook , Twitter and Instagram . Cape Town . From just € 29 -LRB- £ 21 -RRB- . Includes visits to the Cape Peninsula , Robben Island and Victoria & Alfred Waterfront . Great white shark cage diving . Sophisticated dining at the renowned La Colombe restaurant . Price includes unique content across Facebook , Snapchat and Instagram . Abu Dhabi . From just € 39 -LRB- £ 29 -RRB- . Includes visits to the Grand Mosque , Heritage Village and Yas Island . Sunset cruise on the Persian Gulf . Incredible views from the Etihad Towers Observation Deck . Price includes unique content across Facebook , Instagram and Twitter . With this knowledge , Park Inn by Radisson becomes the first travel brand in the world to offer a virtual holiday experience for the new breed of digital traveller . At launch , Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes will offer three of the world 's most stylish destinations for an ` e-xperience ' . Starting from just € 19 -LRB- £ 14 -RRB- , Berlin , Cape Town and Abu Dhabi will be available to book directly on parkinn.com/e-scapes , with plans already for an expansion of E-scape locations in 2016 . ` The way we live and the way we travel have been significantly changed by the role of digital platforms such as Facebook , Twitter and Instagram , says Martin Müller , director of Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes . ` The rapid rise of ` social swaggering ' has led us to take the extraordinary step of creating a brand new travel concept , catering to the needs and wants of the customer of the future . ` With e-xperiences at three launch destinations , Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes can make customers appear interesting , cultured and more importantly , well-travelled on their social profiles -- all from the comfort of their own home . ` Today , we 're incredibly excited to be announcing one of the most significant developments in the history of travel . ' ` When I signed up to take part in Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes , I was n't quite sure what to expect , but the results were phenomenal . They took over all my social profiles , Facebook , Twitter , Snapchat and Instagram , and created my ` social media holiday , ' said Elisabeth Jones , E-scapes ' first customer . ` My Abu Dhabi adventure included visits to the Grand Mosque , Heritage Village , Yas Island and a sunset cruise on the Persian Gulf . It all looked so beautiful , I even started to feel as if I 'd been there for real . ` Even old school friends who I had n't seen for years were coming out to comment on how well I looked and say they were really jealous of my amazing journey , ' she added . The Cape Peninsula in South Africa offer unrivalled views , and know you can see them for yourself .