A British-born businessman has been placed on the FBI 's Most Wanted list over claims he conducted a multi-million pound luxury car scam . Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the US . Federal agents hunting the 32-year-old , originally from Edinburgh , fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $ 20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . Afzal Khan -LRB- pictured -RRB- is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the US . Federal agents hunting the 32-year-old , originally from Edinburgh , fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $ 20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . Khan is accused of obtaining loans from a bank for cars that he never delivered , but for which the purchaser was still responsible . Flamboyant Khan , known to his clients as ` Bobby ' , opened the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile . He appeared on US reality series The Real Housewives Of New Jersey and counted members of the show 's cast among his clients . He has now been accused of a massive fraud involving super cars including Lamborghinis , Bentleys and Rolls Royces . He is accused of obtaining loans from a bank for cars that he never delivered , but for which the purchaser was still responsible . He also obtained loans for cars that were delivered , but for which neither he nor Emporio had title documents . As a result , the purchasers of these cars were liable for the loan , but could not register the vehicles . Khan also offered to sell cars for customers , and then neither returned the cars nor provided any money from car sales . Flamboyant Khan , known to his clients as ` Bobby ' , opened the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile . One financial institution is said to have lost $ 1.6 million from its dealings with Khan and 75 customers have come forward to make complaints against him . If convicted , he could face a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a multi-million dollar fine . Khan was born in Edinburgh to Pakistani parents and moved to America more than 20 years ago . Police and the FBI attempted to arrest him at his New Jersey home at the end of October but could not locate him . He has now been placed on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted ` white collar criminals ' list . In an interview he gave when he opened his car dealership in 2013 , Khan boasted that he had been selling luxury cars since he was 18 . He said : ` There 's a waiting list for any car like this , because you ca n't find it , but the number of millionaires and billionaires grows every day . ` Everybody wants the next toy . This is a boutique dealership . It 's like walking into a Gucci or a Fendi store . ' The FBI wanted poster for Khan says he has ties to the United Arab Emirates , Canada , the UK and Pakistan , and may be found in those countries . He is described as 5 feet 10 inches and 180 pounds , with a scar on his right arm . Last week , Khan 's brother Anil Iqbal was arrested by police in New Jersey investigating the alleged scam . Iqbal , 36 , who was an employee at the dealership , has been charged with conspiracy to commit theft , theft by extortion , theft by deception and fencing . An FBI spokesman said : ` Afzal Khan is wanted for allegedly defrauding customers and financial institutions while he was the owner of Emporio Motor Group , a car dealership in Ramsey , New Jersey . ` From approximately December 2013 to September 2014 , Khan allegedly obtained loans for vehicles that were never delivered , obtained loans for vehicles without proper title , and issued insufficient funds checks . ` Khan also allegedly offered to sell vehicles on consignment and then neither returned the vehicles nor provided any funds for the vehicle sales . ` A federal arrest warrant was issued for Khan on October 21 , 2014 , by the United States District Court , District of New Jersey , Newark , New Jersey , after he was charged with wire fraud . ` The FBI is offering a reward of up to $ 20,000 for information leading to the arrest of Afzal Khan . '