They are famous for their exquisite sashimi , succulent yakitori -LRB- grilled chicken on skewers -RRB- and mouthwatering soba noodles . But the Japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series . The action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world , and demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods . Scroll down for video . A tiny strawberry cake made with cut out bread , one strawberry and covered in frosting and coloured balls . It 's a tiny kitchen ! The Miniature Space videos are filmed in the bijou area . Miniature Space , a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm , has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of fun-sized food , from noodle dishes and cheeseburgers to tagines , fried chicken and even cake . Cooked on tiny hobs and mini pans , the viewer only sees the hand of the chef as they chop , dice , boil and fry various ingredients to create Lilliputian culinary masterpieces . The latest video shows the chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting , sprinkles and strawberries . Using a tiny cutter , the chef cuts out two small circles from a slice of bread . Then , using the palm of his hand , he gentle flattens the bread circles . He then opens a small fridge from which he removes one strawberry . Using a small knife , he carefully cuts the strawberry into little triangles , before using minute tongs to place some of the strawberry triangles on to one half of the bread circle . Using a small icing bag , he then frosts the strawberries , before placing the other circle of bread on top . He then squiggles frosting all over the mini cake before using a baby spatula to carefully smooth over the frosting . Open sesame ! The door to small fridge opens to reveal one strawberry . It 's not a giant slice of bread , it 's just a mini kitchen counter . Using a cutter -LRB- left -RRB- the chef cuts out a circle of bread before flattening it out with the palm of his hand -LRB- right -RRB- . He then brings over the rest of the strawberries , together with a small bowl of hundreds and thousands and another equally small bowl of edible silver beads . He then carefully uses tiny tongs to neatly place the remaining strawberries on the top of the cake . A little ladle is used to pick up the colourful ball decorations , which are once again carefully arranged atop the cake . He then pipes in even more frosting on the cake . The video ends with him using a small knife to cut a slice of the cake before he serves it on a plate with a side of more coloured balls . Not much is known about the people behind the Miniature Space cooking videos other than a statement on ther YouTube page which states : ` We produce edible miniature dishes . ` All of the kichien -LSB- sic -RSB- we use , cooking ingredients , small articles arebought in Japan . ` As we do n't use English , there will be the cases we ca n't answer the questions , if you give . Please forgive us . ' The mini cake video which was uploaded in March currently has more than 900,00 views . He places minute triangles of strawberries on the bread and squirts frosting on them -LRB- left -RRB- . He then covers the fruit with the other bread circle before frosting it -LRB- right -RRB- . The cake is decorated with the rest of the strawberries , edible coloured balls and more frosting .