This is the shocking moment a Labour candidate collapsed seconds before he was due to take part in a live TV debate . Darren Jones , who is standing for Bristol North West , was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs . The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members before collapsing in front of presenter Ellie Pitt and his opponents on Made in Bristol 's programme , Decision Made . Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium in front of his worried-looking opponents just seconds before the programme was due to go on air . The 28-year-old approached presenter Ellie Pitt , taking off his glasses before collapsing in front of the studio audience seconds before they were due to go on air . The channel was forced to cut to commercials as the 28-year-old recovered on the studio floor . An ambulance was called by cancelled while the programme was delayed for nine minutes . Once back on his feet Mr Jones was escorted out of the building leaving other local candidates - Ukip 's Michael Frost , Liberal Democrat Clare Campion-Smith and Conservative Charlotte Leslie - to take part in the debate without him . Later he said he had not been feeling well for a while before fainting but had been determined not to cancel the event . Blaming his collapse on a cold brought on by his campaign , he said : ` My team and I have all been working really hard to make sure we return a Labour MP for Bristol North West that will fight for the things that really matter . ` I managed to catch a cold in the process but wanted to make sure that Labour 's vision for a better Britain was represented so I went to the studio anyway . Clearly this was unwise ! ' Audience members rushed to help the Labour candidate after he fell at their feet just seconds before going on air . After coming to , Mr Jones sat on the studio floor with his debate notes still on the podium next to his opponents . ` I 'm just disappointed that voters in Bristol did n't get the Labour representation they deserved but I look forward to the opportunity of representing them in Parliament as the next Labour MP for Bristol North West in a few weeks time -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- . ' Chris James , station manager for Made in Bristol , said : ` All of us at Made in Bristol TV hope Darren is recovering , and we send him our very best wishes . ` It was a truly shocking moment to witness for everyone here . We called an ambulance immediately and a number of Made TV staff and audience members carried him outside to get some fresh air . ' ` We have spoken to Darren and he is feeling much better and said he was disappointed he could n't take part , but he is OK . ' Mr Jones said he collapsed after becoming exhausted with the a cold but was looking forward to getting back on the campaign trail .