Paris Saint-Germain star David Luiz 's ` joker ' status in the dressing room at Chelsea was well documented , and he teamed up with Ezequiel Lavezzi to play a prank on birthday boy Zoumana Camara . The £ 50million centre back was part of a duo who conspired to dunk the 36-year-old 's face into his cake on his special day as PSG prepare for their Ligue 1 trip to face Marseille on Sunday . Camara , a fringe member of the squad this season , had an unexpected dip into his cake that left him with a faceful of it . Paris Saint-Germain birthday boy Zoumana Camara poses with a cake at their training ground on Friday . Camara gets dunked into his birthday cake in a prank set up by his team-mates on Friday afternoon . But the French defender soon had the cake all over his face thanks to jokers David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi . The Frenchman posted on Instagram saying : ` Thank you all for your messages very happy to share my birthday with you . ' But Luiz posted an ` after ' shot following the dunking , with the message : ` Happy Bday to my happy friend @z . camara ! What a person ! Love u my man ! All the best ! #Felizaniversariomano ' The French champions are still in with a shout of an unprecedented treble , sitting top of Ligue 1 with eight games to go , in the semi-finals of the French Cup and having reached the last eight of the Champions League . Luiz was known for his wind-up merchant status at Chelsea and seems to have carried it on in Paris . Lavezzi was also involved in the prank ahead of PSG 's trip to face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday . Camara is a fringe player at PSG and is unlikely to feature in what will be the biggest game of the season . But their abilities are certain to be tested on Sunday night in a first vs third clash against Marseille at a packed 67,394-capacity Stade Velodrome . A difficult April schedule makes it important that PSG stay top of the table in Marseille , having struggled to maintain a title challenge for much of the season . And while Camara is unlikely to feature , both Luiz and Lavezzi could have key roles in the biggest game of the French season so far .