Students , parents and staff at a Melbourne high school are horrified after the discovery students have been drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year . In a letter sent to all parents during the school holidays , the principal of St Peter 's College in Cranbourne East , Tim Hogan admitted that ` Class A ' recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain . The bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months -- from December 17 2013 until April 1 2015 . ` The cross-connection came to our attention through the maintenance staff of the College on the 30th of March , 2015 , ' Mr Hogan wrote in the letter , issued on April 14 . Unfortunately for students , ` Class A ' recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that 's safe for watering gardens , washing clothes and flushing toilets . Students at Melbourne high school St Peter 's College were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year . Although it is the highest quality of recycled water , the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption . Whilst drinking the water , the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea due to the possible presence of a parasite , Cryptosporidium . An investigation has been launched by the Department of Health and Human Services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students . The principal assured students , parents and staff that the drinking fountain was shut down on April 1 and is no longer in use . The other 20 bubblers at the school have been tested and none show traces of recycled water . The ongoing investigation will determine the number of students who have drunk from the water foundation since it became contaminated . Although it is the highest quality of recycled water , the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption . ` The Department has advised that drinking the Class A recycled water may have led to a slightly increased risk of gastro , ' the principal warned . However , preliminary testing of the chemicals present in the drinking water from the bubbler found that ` the vast majority were at very low concentrations ' , meaning the student were unlikely to have been harmed from consuming the water . Daily Mail Australia spoke with a number of parents of St Peter 's students . All the parents were unaware of any cases of gastro or anyone who believed they 'd been adversely affected by the bubbler . A Health Department official will be on site at the school on Thursday April 16 to respond to concerns the parents may have . ` If anyone is suffering from a gastrointestinal illness and experiencing symptoms such as vomiting , diarrhoea and abdominal pain , they should seek advice from their GP , ' Mr Hogan advised . Families and staff are being encouraged to contact the Department of Health & Human Services on 1300 761 874 . Whilst drinking the water , the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea due to the possible presence of a parasite , Cryptosporidium .