A woman made a horrifying discovery when she opened a taped cardboard box labeled ` stuff animals ' only to find three puppies covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion . The eight-week-old Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees . The puppies have worms and are malnourished , and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage , according to McKamey Animal Center where the dogs are being treated . Scroll down for video . Three eight-week old puppies -LRB- above -RRB- were found inside of a sealed cardboard box on April 18 . The Labradors were found by a woman who said the dogs were covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion when they were discovered in the box labeled ` stuff animals ' The animals have been named Greta Garbo , Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe , and have been flourishing since they began treatment , according to ABC . The good Samaritan , who has not been identified , was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top finding the dogs . ` She said when she opened the box , she could feel the heat come out . They had been there for a while , ' Chelsea Fogal , veterinarian at McKamey Animal Center told WTVC . ` It is frustrating when you have someone do something so neglectful and inhumane , ' she added . ` But I think these guys really lucked out that someone , a Good Samaritan , came along and found them . ` I think the outcome could have been a lot worse . ' The woman then took the puppies to the animal center for treatment . On Facebook , McKamey wrote that the box was securely taped to prevent their escape . McKamey Animal Center in Tennessee , where the dogs have been receiving treatment , said they have worms and are malnourished , and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage . On Facebook , the animal center said the puppies appear to have been neglected over an extended period of time due to their poor condition . ` There was no air ventilation for the puppies and they were covered in urine and suffered from heat exhaustion -- the temperature in the box was estimated to be well over 100 degrees , ' the center wrote . ` The box had been left at a Goodwill drop off site near HWY 58 . The dogs were over heated and covered in urine from a long period of time being inside the box . ` All three dogs are being treated at McKamey Animal Center . ` It would appear they have been neglected over an extended period of time due to their poor condition . ' Once the puppies complete their treatment at the center , they will be put up for adoption . An animal service officer investigating the case said they have dozens of leads regarding the incident . The puppies will be put up for adoption once they finish being treated at the center . The McKamey is offering a $ 200 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or people responsible for the incident . Chattanooga Goodwill Industries is grateful for the quick thinking and reaction of the woman who noticed and rescued the three puppies that were left on the sidewalk near the vicinity of one of its donation center trailers , a representative of the company said in a statement to ABC . A representative from Chattanooga Goodwill Industries -LRB- file photo above -RRB- said they are grateful for the quick thinking and reaction of the good Samaritan . The representative also said the attendant on duty was unaware of the situation and had not been approached or contacted by the woman discovered the box . An animal service officer investigating the case said she has a dozen of leads coming in from Tennessee and Georgia following the incident . ` It happened in the middle of the day , so someone had to see something , ' Leslie Stokes told ABC . ` We are trying to get surveillance video from someone at Goodwill to see if there were any cars that pulled in . '