A good Samaritan was given a parking ticket after he pulled over to help an elderly woman he thought was dying . Student Drew Hollinshead , 21 , stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement . But as he helped her for less than a minute , a traffic warden put a £ 70 ticket on his car -- because Mr Hollinshead had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers . ` It 's ridiculous ' : When he was slapped with the ticket on his windscreen Mr Hollinshead initially tore it up and threw it in the bin before later going back to pick it up . Yesterday Mr Hollinshead said the way he had been treated was ridiculous and said the council warden could see what was happening . He was driving through Bournemouth when he saw the woman fall to the pavement . He parked and rushed over to help . After discovering she was all right and helping her to her feet , he returned to the car only to find the warden printing the ticket . ` I stopped in the disabled bay as it was the nearest place to where the old lady was , ' he said . Angry : Mr Hollinshead , who is studying marketing and advertising at Bournemouth University , said he was punished for trying to do something good . ` There was a space for about four cars and it was completely empty , so it was n't like somebody was waiting to use it . Under the circumstances , I think it was ridiculous . I saw her fall down and stopped for around 30 to 45 seconds at the most to help her . ` I went back to my car and there was a parking officer who was giving me a ticket . He must have seen what I was doing and that I was helping the old lady . ` I asked him why and he said , `` It gives me no great satisfaction to give you this ticket '' . Any normal person would have turned a blind eye when they saw why I had stopped . ' The undergraduate , who is in his final year of an arts and marketing degree at Bournemouth University , took a photo of the smirking traffic warden during the incident on April 9 and posted it on Twitter . Where it happened : The student was driving along Wimborne Road , Bournemouth , when he saw a pensioner lying on the pavement in nearby Wycliffe Road -LRB- circled -RRB- . He pulled into the disabled bay shown above . Good Samaritan : Drew Hollinshead , 21 , was given a parking fine after stopping to help an elderly woman . He at first tore up the ticket and threw it in a bin but later retrieved it . ` It 's not the cost , it 's the principle , ' he said . ` I tried to do something good and then something bad happened because of it . ' He was supported by other social media users . One , ShuttleX , said : ` I 'm sorry you got a ticket Drew -LRB- make sure you appeal against it -RRB- but well done for helping the lady who fell over . ` This does n't surprise me . Parking Services are well known for slapping out tickets in circumstances where common sense should prevail . The council does n't care , as long as the revenue keeps rolling in . ' Bournemouth Council posted a message to Mr Hollinshead on Twitter suggesting how he could challenge the ticket . Parking Services operations manager Margaret Leslie said : ` Any motorist receiving a fine can appeal against a ticket ... We give full consideration into all individual cases and take mitigating circumstances into account . '