A family is fearing for a missing Colorado father of five who was last seen nearly two weeks ago while making a purchase of more than $ 350 at a Southern California Walmart . Oliver Pareece Jones , 37 , was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel on April 5 at 6.26 am . He then withdrew $ 800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga , Teresa McMahon , spokeswoman for the San Bernardino County sheriff 's department told Daily Mail Online . Jones then was seen in surveillance footage at the Walmart on Foothill Boulevard around 8.45 am where he purchased items including clothes , a radio , backpack and camping gear , according to McMahon . After he left the store , he withdrew another $ 100 in cash , she told Daily Mail Online . Jones , who owns a pecan business in Chihuahua , Mexico , has not been heard from since . Scroll down for video . Oliver Pareece Jones -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- , 37 , was last seen at a Walmart on Foothill Boulevard on April 5 around 8.45 am . The father of five from Colorado was visiting California after traveling from Las Vegas . He was captured on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel on April 5 at 6.26 am and took out $ 800 in cash before stopping at Walmart . Investigators said Jones spent more than $ 350 in Walmart on items including clothes , a radio , a backpack and camping gear . He also withdrew another $ 100 in cash . Jones , who is divorced , had been with family in Las Vegas for a reunion and was meant to be attending a convention in San Francisco , but it is not clear if he attended it , McMahon told Daily Mail Online . She said he went to Los Angeles where he went partying , and as of now , said his disappearance appears to be voluntary missing . Jones was also reportedly mugged and assaulted during the trip to California while outside of The Plaza Club , and was left with a concussion before he was sent to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center for treatment , according to KTLA . McMahon told Daily Mail Online Jones was in a fight at the nightclub which took place on Friday , April 3 . She said there are limited details available regarding that incident and his time at the hospital . His family believes he checked himself out of the hospital . ` We 're thinking that his concussion really affected his ability to reason or be able to do anything , ' Jones ' older brother Jared Jones told ABC 7 . Jared Jones also said his cousin Travis , who investigators plan to speak to on Friday , was traveling from Los Angeles to Las Vegas when he and a friend picked Jones up on April 4 . He said they then stopped at restaurant Claim Jumper in Rancho Cucamonga , according to NBC Los Angeles . His family has posted fliers near the Walmart hoping to find a lead -LRB- above investigators searching a vineyard for any traces of Jones on Thursday -RRB- . A private investigator learned a homeless man said he spoke to Jones outside of the Walmart , and he was interviewed by San Bernardino County Sheriff 's deputies -LRB- above -RRB- . Investigators do not believe the homeless man to be involved in the disappearance . It is believed Travis and a friend might have had an argument with Jones on Saturday night , as he reportedly got out of the car , and walked a half mile before checking into the Sheraton hotel where he spent the night , according to Jared Jones . The family hired a private investigator who learned a homeless man said he spoke to Jones outside of the Walmart , and he has since been interviewed by San Bernardino County Sheriff 's deputies . Investigators do not believe the homeless man to be involved in the disappearance . A spokeswoman for the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Department said at this time , foul play is not suspected and police are investigating the case as a missing person . At this time , foul play is not suspected and police are investigating the case as a missing person , said McMahon . She said : ` We 've not found anything that leads us to believe he is in distress . ' However , private investigator Paul Huebl , suspected foul play . ` He -LSB- Jones -RSB- bought some stuff and apparently a transient wound up with some of the stuff , ' Huebl told ABC 7 . ` It does n't make sense , because it 's kind of expensive stuff : a cell phone , a radio , some other things . ' Jones was described as a white male standing 5 ' 8 ' tall and weighing 170 lbs . He has blonde hair and blue eyes . ` I just want to find him , ' said his brother Keith Jones . ` I do n't know if I 'll find him alive or dead , I just want to find him . '