All the smiles can not hide the reality that McCluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in British politics . Out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in South Wales , the trade union firebrand 's manner was as warm as the weather . ` Did n't you once call me a slab-faced Marxist ? ' the famously militant leader of Unite asked me with a grin that was more genial than menacing . I had to confess I had . But that did not stop ` Red ' Len McCluskey giving me the time of day on a street in Neath as he conducted a two-day tour of the Principality to drum up support for Labour 's cause . Watching him in action , it was clear that he is highly popular with activists . His gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted , as does his hackneyed anti-Conservative bile . ` We look to Wales as a beacon of hope to show what a Labour government can do . The Tories might have the money but we 've got the working people on our side , ' he said to cheers and applause . Yet all the smiles can not hide the reality that McCluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in British politics , seeking to use their financial and organisational muscle within the Labour movement to drag Britain back to the dark days of the 1970s . As the Mail reveals today , the sheer scale of the influence Unite holds on scores of Labour candidates is chilling given the socialist revolution the union would seek to impose . Indeed , McCluskey , a former Liverpool dock worker who keeps a drawing of Lenin in his office and once boasted of presiding over more strikes than any other union boss , is quite open about his yearning for that period when the unions held the government to ransom : ` We are supposed to believe that the Seventies was a horrible time . It was n't . It was a time of great advances for working people , ' he has said . Labour 's umbilical link to McCluskey 's union has received much less attention in recent days than a potential deal with the left-wing , anti-austerity SNP , yet it is just as potentially disastrous for the governance of this country . Not only is Unite -- which has a claimed membership of 1.42 million -- intertwined with the Labour Party 's structure , MPs and finances , but it also remains addicted to the failed socialist policies of the past , including a major expansion in the public sector , less flexibility in the workplace , higher taxation and ever more state spending . Just like Nicola Sturgeon , McCluskey wants to make Labour bolder , ` more radical , courageous and brave ' . Only last month , he appeared to threaten illegal action if a Tory Government pushed through further restrictions on strikes in the public sector . ` When the law is misguided , when it oppresses people and removes their freedoms , can we respect it ? I am not really posing the question , I 'm giving the answer . It ai n't going to happen , ' he declared . Despite all his talk about the oppression of working people , however , he has not done badly for himself . Last year it was revealed he received a £ 5,000 rise , taking his pay and pensions package to £ 140,281 . McCluskey has denied that he has too much influence over Ed Miliband , adding that Unite is supporting the party ' 100 per cent ' McCluskey 's determination to influence Labour was all too evident in Wales . With an air of quasi-regal grandeur , he visited several factories , gave talks to Labour activists and held a number of photo opportunities -- including one in Cardiff at the statute of that old champagne socialist Nye Bevan . When I spoke to McCluskey , he downplayed his hardline socialism , instead talking about the need for investment in industry and the economy . And he denied that he had too much influence over Ed Miliband 's party : ` If only that were true , ' he said , while proclaiming his loyalty to the cause . ` Unite is supporting Labour 100 per cent , ' he said , adding that is now campaigning ` all over the country ' . Yet there was something synthetic about McCluskey 's protestations of support for Labour . As I watched him at close quarters , it became more apparent that he was going through the motions . When asked in an interview with BBC Radio Wales about Miliband 's leadership , McCluskey could say only : ` He 's doing OK ' . Beneath the surface , I have no doubt he longs to hear Ed offering more nakedly socialist policies , rather than trying to appeal to Middle England . Moreover , if Labour and Unite really think that McCluskey is an asset in the election , they are doing their best to keep quiet about it . When I tried to find out McCluskey 's schedule for his Welsh visit from any number of Unite and Labour sources , including McCluskey 's own press officer , I was greeted with either hostility or silence . No one would give me any information . It was only through persistence and good luck that I managed to track him down , to the outrage of his press officer who asked me paranoiacally : ` How did you find us ? Did you fit a tracking device to Len 's car ? ' That kind of anxiety and suspicion shows more than just a lack of confidence . It reveals a fear that , just as with Sturgeon 's spendthrift radicalism , the hard-Left dogma of Unite is likely to alienate floating middle-of-the-road voters . Such fears are , of course , only too justified . For this is no small-town demagogue . On the contrary , McCluskey is pivotal to Labour 's future because of the stranglehold his union has over the party . It was Unite and the other affiliated unions that ensured Ed Miliband was elected leader in 2010 against his more moderate brother David , who enjoyed greater popularity among Labour MPs and the rank and file . Since 2010 , Unite is estimated to have donated at least £ 14.4 million to Labour 's coffers . It was Unite and the other affiliated unions that ensured Ed Miliband -LRB- pictured left -RRB- was elected leader in 2010 against his more moderate brother David -LRB- right -RRB- . The dominance of Unite runs right through Labour 's organisation , with huge implications for the make-up of a putative Miliband government . One recent analysis showed that 159 Labour MPs from the last parliament receive sponsorship from Unite or are members of the union , including senior frontbenchers such as Harriet Harman , Angela Eagle , Hilary Benn and Sadiq Khan . In addition , 133 Labour candidates at this election are reported to have links to Unite . As Martin Mayer , chairman of Unite 's political committee and a member of Labour 's National Executive recently admitted , the union is involved in a ` serious attempt to win back the party ' . Tragically for Britain , there is now a real danger that an incoming Labour government would be forced to lurch even further to the Left , not just by SNP by also by Unite , with Miliband too weak to stand up to those who are determined he will be their puppet in Downing Street .