Cycling anywhere with a toddler in tow means having to leave the buggy at home . And any parent who has tried this will know how tiring it can be when you then have to carry your child around once you arrive at your destination . A Swedish firm is hoping to make getting around with a young child easier - and save your aching arms - by introducing the bike seat that doubles up as a stroller . Påhoj -LRB- pictured -RRB- was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz . It has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft -LRB- 1 metre -RRB- tall . The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known . Called Påhoj , it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment . A child , up to a height of 3.2 ft -LRB- 1 metres -RRB- , is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position . The parent cycles to their destination , and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy . The concept was created by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz and a prototype has been safety tested . It clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment . A child , up to a height of 3.2 ft -LRB- 1 metres -RRB- , is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position . The parent cycles to their destination , and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy . Påhoj clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment . A child , up to a height of 3.2 ft -LRB- 1 metres -RRB- , is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position . The parent cycles to their destination , and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy . Designer Lycke Mr von Schantz plans to launch a Kickstarter campaign on 9 April , and if successful , the models could be available before the end of the year . ` An ordinary bicycle with a bike seat attached is a fantastic way to get around with your child , ' explained Påhoj - which is Swedish for ` on bike . ' ` But what options do you have when you have arrived at your destination , parked your bike and need to walk around ? ` As of today there is a simple solution to this problem : Påhoj - a child bike seat and stroller in one ' ` Using Påhoj you can be flexible in what way you want to get around . ` Whether you choose to bicycle or not you can always be sure you can easily bring your child . Mr von Schantz plans to launch a Kickstarter campaign on 9 April , and if successful , the models could be available before the end of the year . However , prices and an exact release date have not yet been announced . Designs show the buggy measuring 1.6 ft -LRB- 0.5 metres -RRB- wide and 1.8 ft -LRB- 0.54 metres -RRB- deep . The firm 's website describes Påhoj as being ` lightweight ' but did not provide any further weight information . Promotional images also show it in black , red -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , yellow and blue -LRB- pictured blue -RRB- . Designs show the concept stroller measuring 1.6 ft -LRB- 0.5 metres -RRB- wide and 1.8 ft -LRB- 0.54 metres -RRB- deep . By comparison , an average buggy measures 4ft -LRB- 1.2 metres -RRB- tall . The firm 's website describes Påhoj as being ` lightweight ' but did not provide any further weight information . Promotional images also show it in black , red , yellow and blue .