She is known as the bombshell girlfriend of Made In Chelsea 's Ollie Proudlock . And here , Emma Louise Connolly shows off her incredible figure as she models Ann Summers ' first bridal wear lingerie . Billed by the brand as ` perfect for every blushing bride ' , the underwear and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude , and is not without a raunchy streak . Ann Summers , known best for its mainstream erotic lingerie and toys , has unveiled its very first foray into bridal wear -LRB- pictured -RRB- . In these exclusive photos , Emma models the collection - priced between £ 14 and £ 85 - which includes a curve-skimming dress , an intricate nightgown and a range of silk and lace sets . One daring cut-out bra leaves most of the breasts exposed , with straps that creep up to the neck . Other stand-outs include a barely-there peek-a-boo thong , teamed with gartered stockings . The collection also includes boned basques and ribbon suspenders . Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD . Emma was first revealed as the face of Ann Summers just in time for its Fifty Shades of Grey-inspired Valentine 's Day collection in February . Modelling the collection - priced between £ 14 and £ 85 - is Emma Louise Connolly , the current face of Ann Summers and the bombshell girlfriend of Made in Chelsea 's Ollie Proudlock . Billed by the brand as ` perfect for every blushing bride ' , the lingerie and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude , and is not without a raunchy streak . Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD . It 's thought that Emma started dating Ollie back in October last year , after the pair posted a candid shot of them kissing on Instagram . Ann Summers was launched in 1970 , and somewhat mysteriously named after Annice Summers , the female secretary of the male founder Kim Caborn Waterfield . It now boasts more than 140 stores across the UK and sells an eye-watering two million ` Rampant Rabbit ' vibrators every year , an exclusive product which won itself widespread fame upon its release . The naughty-but-nice collection includes a curve-skimming dress with a racy streak -LRB- pictured -RRB- . It 's thought that Emma and Ollie , pictured together , started dating back in October last year .