It is the historic site where King John sealed the Magna Carta to establish the rule of law . But just a few hundred yards from the famous setting at Runnymede in Surrey -- which the Queen will visit in June to celebrate the document 's 800th anniversary -- dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town . Squatting on the private land , the group , who are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London when they set up camp outside St Paul 's Cathedral in 2011 , have left locals outraged . Squatter Vinny outside one of the make-shift homes the group has set up just yards away from where the Magna Carta was sealed in Runnymede , Surrey . In contrast to the neatly tended Magna Carta memorial nearby , a used condom and grubby mattress lie at the entrance to the ramshackle squatters ' camp . Inside , a Mail on Sunday reporter witnessed one anarchist openly smoking cannabis just feet from a two-year-old child . The battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the Magna Carta anniversary on June 15 . Last Thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month . One camp leader , Vinny , who would not give his surname , said : ` This is about using the land to grow our own vegetables . It 's a place to give people life skills , a sanctuary for the displaced . ' The dope-smoking 48-year-old added : ` Why ca n't we have equality with land ownership ? Why ca n't we have a few acres each ? ' Last Thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month . The camp was set up three years ago in woodland on a disused Brunel University site . Property developers Orchid Runnymede has planning permission to build affordable homes , student accommodation , an elderly care facility , and private housing on the land . But the community of about 30 squatters are refusing to leave . They claim to live off the land , using solar panels for electricity , a freshwater spring to wash and a vegetable patch to grow food , as well as raiding supermarket rubbish bins . King John sealed the Magna Carta to establish the rule of law . Above , a painting illustrating the historic moment . But David Sheldrake , whose farm borders the camp , said they have been stealing from water tanks for his cattle , adding : ` I 'm 69 and there are young people there -- able , fit people who do n't want to work . ' One of the camp 's founding members , James Hampson , claims some of the squatters do work full-time . He has not worked since staying at the camp but said he has not claimed any benefits either . The former IT worker said : ` Our aim here has always been to build a sustainable community . ' Mr Hampson is pledging to peacefully resist any attempt by developers -- who recently erected a steel fence around the squat -- to retake the land . The squatters ' lifestyle is a far cry from that in the leafy village of Englefield just 200 yards away , where houses fetch more than £ 1 million . Marketing consultant Lisa Lawson , 55 , whose house borders the development site , said : ` If you really believe in keeping everything nice and living off the land , why is there such a load of rubbish down there ? ' Retired engineer Janet Ferstl , 60 , added : ` I used to walk my dogs down there a lot but I do n't any more . I do n't feel safe . ' A spokesman for Arts Estates , which manages the land , said : ` We are building a valuable development for the community and we have to do so within the laws of the land . '