The husband of missing woman Jessica Bialek has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring his wife home . The Sydney photographer returned to her husband Sabino Matera and their daughter on Thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on Wednesday morning . Confirming the 37-year-old was safe , Mr Matera wrote on Facebook : ` Dear world of friends and family , I am here to express my most sincere gratitude for the amazing support from all of you . ` The last 24 hr have been hell for me and my family and you all made a huge positive impact on the great outcome : Jess safe back home . ' Ms Bialek returned to her Coogee home , in Sydney 's south-eastern suburbs , around 6.30 pm on Thursday after police launched an investigation into her disappearance and the local community pulled together to find her . Scroll down for video . The father of missing Sydney woman Jessica Bialek -LRB- pictured -RRB- made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts . Jessica 's husband Sabino Matera issued a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped find his wife . ` Jessica is safe and at home . Found . Thank you , ' Mr Matera posted on his Facebook account . He later wrote : ` Thank you for all your prays . Thank you for the search . Thank you Facebook . Thank you for showing me the greatest community i underestimated i had behind my family . Ms Bialek 's husband , Sabino Matera , confirmed she was home with a post on his Facebook page . ` Thank you for the calls , messages . Thank you for the Food . Thanks you police workforce , you have been unbelievable ! I am overwhelmed by the people that joined forces for this huge task : returning a mother at home safe.To all of you mothers : Thank you . ` Thank you to the Jewish community and its spirit of solidarity . All your words have a special place in my heart and will never be forgotten.Thank you GOD for bringing back Jessica home safely.THANK YOU . ' Police have confirmed Ms Bialek returned home , and she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance . Police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one . Ms Bialek had last been seen by her family when she left home to walk to the bank . Her husband said he spoke to her that morning but she has been ` out of reach since then ' . On Thursday afternoon Jessica 's father Michael Bialek , who had just flown in from Melbourne , fronted media to appeal for information . ` We would obviously like to appeal to anyone who may have contacted or had contact with Jess , ' Mr Bialek said . The mother-of-one was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning , around 8.30 am . Michael Bialek said he simply wants to know his daughter is safe and well , even if she wants to be alone . ` We are desperate to find out from her that she 's safe and if there 's a reason she wants to be on her own we just want to know she 's safe , that 's all we 're concerned about , ' he added with emotion in his voice . Mr Bialek said Jessica , her husband and daughter had been visiting family in Melbourne during the Easter break before returning to Sydney on Tuesday . ` Tuesday morning was the last time . . I walked down to the lobby of our apartment building and that was the last time I saw Jess , ' her distraught father revealed . Michael Bialek also described as a ` complex character as many young people are today ' but added she was a loving mother , daughter and wife and he simply wanted her home . Detective Superintendent Gavin Dengate said the reason police were involved shortly after Jessica 's disappearance was due to how ` out of character ' it was . ` The reason is it 's out of character , totally out of character for Jessica to go missing , ' he said on Thursday . Police worked through phone records , social media , CCTV , and financial records to try and locate the woman , Detective Superintendent Dengate said . Her husband Sabino Matera made a worried plea on Facebook in a bid to help find her . He added that officers had also been door-knocking and checking moteliers in an attempt to discover where she may have stayed on Wednesday evening . ` She went missing yesterday at 8.30 in the morning so one of our lines of inquiry ... is to look at where she may have stayed last night , ' the officer said . On Wednesday Jessica 's devastated husband first took to social media in a plea for help in locating his missing wife , sparking a swift response from friends and the public . Sharing two pictures of his wife wearing sunglasses on the social media site , he wrote : ` Important message ! As per today , Jessica has gone missing . Police are concerned for her welfare and have released a photo of Jessica smiling -LRB- left -RRB- as an investigation is launched into her disappearance . Jessica is described as being of Caucasian appearance , 170-175cm tall , with a slim build and black hair . ` I spoke to her this morning at 8.30 am and she has been out of reach since then . We are very concerned about Jessica . Please help me to find her ! She left home without her car and not made contact nor returned home . Her phone is off . This is a real alarm . ' Concerned friends and family reacted to the Facebook status , sending messages of hope and support and sharing more photos of the Sydney woman . ` Thinking of you right now Sabino , Jessica Bialek please call someone , ' one friend wrote . ` Praying for Jessica 's safe return xxx thinking of you and family right now be strong , ' another said . Ms Bialek is an accomplished freelance photographer with an interest in the performing arts and fashion . According to her website , she has worked for the Australian Ballet , Opera Victoria and Circus Oz .