Defeated : Napoleon -LRB- illustrated -RRB- lost at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 . Guests attending a service in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the French . Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 . But last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' . The invitation to the Waterloo 200 event says : ` The service , although related to a military victory , is not in any way glorifying war , nor must it be seen as triumphalist . ' Instead , the service -- to be attended by members of the Royal Family and senior political and military figures -- will focus on the ` pan-European ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed . Conservative Jacob Rees-Mogg , who is bidding to be re-elected as a Somerset MP , said : ` Waterloo was a triumph of good versus evil . Napoleon was responsible for between three million and 6.5 million deaths . ` Two hundred years on , it is ridiculous to spare the blushes of the French by not celebrating the battle for what it was . What next ? Will we ask France to apologise for the Battle of Hastings ? ' The service of commemoration , to take place on the 200th anniversary of Waterloo on June 18 , will be the centrepiece of a series of events to mark the battle . Waterloo 200 chairman , Major General Sir Evelyn Webb-Carter , defended the ` no triumphalism ' theme . Asked if it looked as though the service was designed to avoid embarrassing the French , he said : ` Some people may read it like that but it 's not how we look at it . ' He added that the enemy at Waterloo was Napoleon -- not France as such . The commemoration was highlighting the effect of the battle on Europe , not the military campaign or the battle itself . ` What Waterloo brought in was an extended period of peace in Europe after a particularly horrible 20 years of war , ' Sir Evelyn said . ` The commemoration looks forward to the European harmony that followed it . ' Colin Brown , author of Scum Of The Earth , a new book about Waterloo , said Wellington would not have objected to the non-triumphalist tone . He added : ` The Duke strongly believed in the restoration of the status quo after the battle , including the restoration of the Bourbon monarchy in France . ' The commemoration was highlighting the effect of the battle -LRB- illustrated -RRB- on Europe , organisers said .