Obese workers are ` lazy ' and ` unable to fulfil their roles ' and as a result are less likely to be hired , a new survey has revealed . Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight . Among the reasons given were that overweight workers ` are unable to play a full role in the business ' , ` they 're lazy ' , and ` they would n't be able to do the job required ' , the research shows . Beverley Sunderland , managing director , at Crosslands Employment Solicitors , who commissioned the research , said : ` Our research shows that prejudiced attitudes towards hiring obese workers are rife among British employers . ' A survey of 1,000 British companies revealed almost half are less inclined to recruit an obese applicant , fearing ` they 're lazy ' , and ` unable to fulfil their roles as required ' , because of their weight . The findings come in the wake of a European court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft , 50 , who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat . In December European judges ruled that obesity qualified as a disability if it ` hinders the full and effective participation of the person ... on an equal basis with other workers ' , when doing their job . Body Mass Index , calculated from a person 's weight and height , is accepted as a reliable indicator of obesity . According to the World Health Organisation , the ideal BMI for most adults is between 18.5 and 24.9 . If a person 's BMI is 25 to 29.9 , they are classed as overweight . At between 30 and 39.9 they are obese and 40 or over is very -- or morbidly -- obese . Doctors say being overweight or obese can increase the risk of health problems , including heart disease , strokes , type 2 diabetes and some cancers . Earlier this year the European Court of Justice 's advocate general , Niilo Jaaskinen , who advises the court , suggested that very severe obesity -- classified as a BMI of more than 40 -- could be considered a disability . But yesterday 's ruling does not state what level of obesity would be classed as ` disabled ' . It stated : ` It is for the national court to determine whether -LSB- an individual 's -RSB- obesity falls within the definition of ` disability ' . ' Ms Sunderland said following the case , ` it appears on the face of it that the odds are against you getting a job if you are overweight ' . ` But the law is on your side , as discrimination law warns against making `` stereotypical assumptions '' at every stage of the recruitment process and this applies to both existing employees , or people applying for a job , ' she added . Given the ruling at the European Courts of Justice , employers now have to find way to accommodate obese workers who fall within this definition of ` disability ' , while larger job applicants need to ensure they are not discriminated against , Ms Sunderland said . Critics at the time warned it could encourage the overweight to avoid slimming down in the hope of securing a payout . Companies could also face millions of pounds of costs to alter offices and factories , including providing : . The survey revealed 61 per cent of employers were worried about the potential costs to the business of accommodating the side effects of overweight staff . In December European judges ruled that obesity qualified as a disability , after a case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft , 50 , pictured , who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat . Sixty-three per cent also cited a fear of being taken to court on grounds of discrimination , if the disability needs of obese workers were not met . Just over a quarter -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- said they were less inclined to hire obese people due to their lack of awareness of the laws linked to employing overweight workers . Yet the lack of understanding of the law could land employers in hot water , Ms Sunderland warned . More than half of employers questioned were unaware that if an obese person tells an employer about their long-term conditions at interview and the company does not employ them , the applicant could try to claim disability discrimination on the basis their obesity prevented them being employed .