Marion ` Suge ' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges . The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January , killing one and seriously injuring the other . Los Angeles sheriff 's spokeswoman Nicole Nishida says Knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse . She says no further details could be released . Scroll down for video . ` Suge ' Knight , pictured above on April 8 , will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges following a hit-and-run , an LA judge said on Thursday . The parents of Suge Knight -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and his girlfriend -LRB- right -RRB- comfort each other outside the Los Angeles courthouse after learning on Thursday that he will stand trial for murder . Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen made the ruling on Thursday after concluding a hearing that focused heavily on testimony from Cle ` Bone ' Sloan , who was hit outside a Compton burger stand in Los Angeles county . The judge also reduced bail from $ 25 million to $ 10 million . On Thursday morning , Knight walked out of court after the hearing . A message sent to Knight 's attorney Matt Fletcher was n't immediately returned . Sloan told detectives that he attacked Knight but testified on Monday that he did n't remember the fight and did not want to be a ` snitch ' . Prosecutors played Sloan 's statement to police , which offered a lucid , detailed account of the events on January 29 that led up to the deadly encounter . Authorities contend Knight intentionally hit the men , killing Terry Carter , 55 . Suge Knight 's parents seen leaving the courthouse in Los Angeles on Thursday after a judge ruled that their son will stand trial for murder and attempted murder . Victim Terry Carter 's eldest daughter seen leaving court with attorney Carl Douglas after the announcement that Marion Suge Knight will stand trial for murder and attempted murder on Thursday . Knight 's attorney , Matt Fletcher , said his client was ambushed and was trying to escape Sloan 's attack when he ran over the men . Sloan 's testimony demonstrated the difficulty in prosecuting Knight , who has gang ties and a reputation for intimidating witnesses . ` I will not be used to send Suge Knight to prison , ' Sloan testified , adding that he was only on the stand because he was subpoenaed . Prosecutors granted Sloan , a former gang member who 's known Knight for decades , limited immunity after he said he intended to invoke his Fifth Amendment right to avoid self-incrimination . Knight , 49 , was a key player in the gangster rap scene that flourished in the 1990s , and his label once listed Dr. Dre , Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg among its artists . Knight lost control of the company after it was forced into bankruptcy . Sloan , an adviser on the upcoming film ` Straight Outta Compton , ' said he was trying to forget details of the crash , in which he suffered two fractured ankles , a serious cut to his head , two torn knee ligaments and a shoulder injury . ` Every day , I try to forget it , ' Sloan said . ` I just know , I screwed up , and Terry 's dead . ' Sloan 's memory troubles prompted the judge to comment on his testimony : ` I find that this witness is being deceptive . ' The judge also heard from the lead detective investigating the case and watched security camera footage of the crash . Knight 's court hearings already have become dramatic affairs - at one hearing in March , a medical condition sent him to the hospital . The camera caught a limited view of the parking lot but shows Knight struggling with Sloan through the window of his truck before putting the vehicle in reverse , striking Sloan , then hitting him again and running over Carter while fleeing the scene . Fletcher , Knight 's attorney , pressed Sloan on his feelings toward Knight and whether he was ` enraged ' at him on the day of the crash . Sloan said he was mad but disputed that he told detectives he was enraged . Fletcher also painted Sloan as the aggressor , saying Knight ` had n't attacked you in any form , fashion or manner . You agree ? ' ` Yes , ' Sloan said . Knight faces up to life in prison if convicted in the case . He has prior felony convictions for armed robbery and assault with a gun . Knight pleaded no contest in 1995 and was sentenced to five years ' probation in an assault on two rap entertainers at a Hollywood recording studio in 1992 . The rap figure was sentenced to prison in February 1997 for violating terms of that probation by taking part in a fight at a Las Vegas hotel hours before Shakur was fatally wounded in a drive-by attack as he rode in Knight 's car near the Strip . Shakur 's slaying remains unsolved . Prosecutors only had to present a fraction of their evidence against Knight during the preliminary hearing that began on Monday . Knight 's court hearings already have become dramatic affairs - he fired one set of attorneys during a hearing and medical conditions sent him to the hospital four times from courthouse appearances . He complained earlier this month when deputies brought him into court handcuffed to a wheelchair and has detailed health woes , including weight loss and blindness in one eye , when he 's been allowed to speak in court . ` No snitch ' : Cle ` Bone ' Sloan , 45 , -LRB- left , file photo -RRB- told the court that he ` will not be used to send Suge Knight to prison ' . Knight is accused of murdering Terry Carter , 55 , -LRB- right -RRB- and trying to murder Sloan , whom he left with broken bones and other injuries .