FC United of Manchester , the club set up in protest at the Glazer family 's takeover of Manchester United , are now two promotions away from the Football League . On an emotional night in front of 3,588 noisy fans the Rebels , soon to celebrate their 10th anniversary , sealed the fourth promotion of their short history with this nervy win over Stourbridge saw them crowned Evo-Stik Northern Premier champions . Hundreds of ecstatic supporters invaded the pitch at the final whistle as the breakaway outfit secured elevation to the sixth tier after the heartbreak of no less than four play-off defeats . VIDEO Scroll down to see pitch invasion as FC United of Manchester win Evo-Stik North title . FC United of Manchester players celebrate securing promotion following a 1-0 win over Stourbidge . The club 's fourth promotion in their short history sees them come within two more of the Football League . FC will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in May , ending a nomadic existence spent entirely on the road . And it was the Tameside Stadium , home of neighbours Curzon Ashton , that hosted the latest chapter in an already significant history . In a tense first-half winger Craig Lindfield , a building estimator , headed against the bar as the home side struggled to break down a resolute Stourbridge defence . And it appeared not to be their night when sub Shelton Payne had a volley cleared off the line . But on 69 minutes student and full back Greg Daniels rose unmarked to head home the impressive Lindfield 's cross and spark joyous scenes . It was the perfect finish from the former Macclesfield apprentice who was last week painting houses while on holiday from university . FC came into existence in 2005 when a group of United supporters , despairing of the debt-burdening Old Trafford takeover by the US-based family , decided enough was enough and created their own democratically-run club which kicked off at the bottom of the pyramid in North West Counties Division Two . From an initial meeting of a dozen at a curry house in the Rusholme district of Manchester they now boast more than 4,000 members , each of whom can claim to be an owners . Many of those were in fine voice here . Meanwhile , 30 miles down the road the Class of ' 92 's Salford City celebrated promotion from the Evo-Stik Division One after title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 at Warrington Town . That result means the club , partly owned by United legends Phil and Gary Neville , Ryan Giggs , Paul Scholes and Nicky Butt , were crowned champions in the high-profile quintet 's first season at the helm . FC United manager Karl Marginson , who has been with the club since day one , believes ` anything is possible ' . ` We 've got a ground of our own , ' he said , before a fan planted a kiss on his cheek . ` There 's no reason why the league is not possible . We have to provide that for these supporters because they deserve it . ' Marginson admits he did not know what to expect when he took over the fledgling club . ` I did n't know what to think , ' he said . ` I did n't have a clue . But it 's something I 'm immensely proud of . It 's something we have to hold onto . ' Fans storm the pitch as the breakaway outfit celebrates a significant moment in their short history . When asked how he was going to celebrate Marginson added : ` I 'm going to go to the Nag 's Head if it 's open when I get home . ' General Manager Andy Walsh , who has also been with FC from the beginning , echoed his manager 's comments . ` We will assess where we are going to go , ' he said . ` We 're not in a hurry and we 've always been about building for the long-term . This is a football club that is built on the ambitions and beliefs of its supporters . ` I think the Football League is very possible . We have a manager and coaching staff that have shown they can challenge . I firmly believe they can manage and coach in the Football League and I hope it 's with us . ' Players carry a champions banner across the pitch as the club sets their sights on the big-time .