England midfielders Jordan Henderson and Jack Wilshere are the surprise names on Manchester City 's summer shopping list . The struggling Barclays Premier League champions know they need more English players in their starting line-up -- goalkeeper Joe Hart has often been the only one this season -- and Liverpool 's Henderson and Arsenal 's Wilshere are deemed to be realistic targets . City also maintain an interest in Liverpool 's unsettled England forward Raheem Sterling , with 36-year-old veteran Frank Lampard set to leave and 29-year-old James Milner likely to follow him out of the Etihad Stadium . England midfielder Jack Wilshere -LRB- right -RRB- is a surprise target on Manchester City 's summer shopping list . Wilshere tries to cut inside during his appearance for Arsenal 's Under 21 side on Tuesday night . Liverpool 's Jordan Henderson is another surprise name among targets of Manchester City for this summer . Manchester City also maintain an interest in Liverpool 's unsettled forward Raheem Sterling . Henderson , 24 , has come to City 's attention because he has only one year left on his Liverpool contract . Their concern about Wilshere , 23 , who has over two years left on his Arsenal deal , is his injury record . He has yet to return to Arsene Wenger 's side since having surgery on his troublesome left ankle in November . There is a well-trodden path between Arsenal and City over the past five years . The Manchester club , who offer far bigger salaries , have spent £ 80million on Samir Nasri , Bacary Sagna , Emmanuel Adebayor , Kolo Toure and Gael Clichy . Frank Lampard was among the few English representatives for Manchester City at Selhurst Park . Joe Hart -LRB- centre -RRB- was the only England player that started while James Milner -LRB- right -RRB- came on as a sub . Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal as he stepped up in his return from injury at the Emirates . Henderson clears the ball during Liverpool 's defeat by Arsenal at the Emirates in the Premier League . And City will certainly need to make bids in excess of £ 30m to tempt Arsenal or Liverpool to sell . Not all of City 's targets will be English , though , with the club willing to use France star Nasri and Bosnia forward Edin Dzeko as bait in a deal to sign Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba . Pogba , a 22-year-old France international , was on Manchester United 's books before moving to Italy . City see him as the long-term successor to the fading Yaya Toure , although Pogba could cost as much as £ 60m . Nasri and Dzeko have had poor seasons and are expected to be part of a summer cull . Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba is another target of those at the Etihad for this summer 's transfer market . Pogba , a 22-year-old France international , was on Manchester United 's books before leaving for Italy .