One Minnesota reporter made news herself on Wednesday when her boyfriend popped the question to her while she was live on-air . Following a segment on wedding costs that touched on the price of engagement rings , WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts ' boyfriend , Justin McCray , surprised her with an engagement ring of her own . And it was a good news day for everyone involved -- Ashley said yes . Scroll down for video . She said yes ! Reporter Ashley Roberts was surprised on air during Minnesota 's This Morning show by a proposal from her boyfriend Justin McCray -LRB- pictured together -RRB- . Romantic plan : Ashley 's co-workers helped arrange for her boyfriend to come out after an on-air discussion about engagement rings . To her surprise , it seems Ashley 's This Morning co-workers were in on the plan all along ; while wrapping up the wedding segment , anchor Jason DeRush noted that men spend an average of $ 5,855 on the engagement ring . ` Guys are under a lot of pressure to treat the woman to a nice big rock , ' Ashley , who is originally from Florida , responded . The anchors then introduced a ` fashion expert ' to talk more about rings -- but the expert turned out to be none other than Ashley 's boyfriend Justin . Surprise appearance : Ashley was nearly speechless upon seeing her boyfriend , repeating ` oh my god , oh my god ' while Justin knelt down in front of her . ` I want to spend the rest of my life with you , ' Justin told her , before getting down on one knee and presenting her with a ring . ` Now Jason , ' he added , turning to the show 's anchor , ` you were talking about -LSB- the cost of -RSB- rings , and I promise you -- a brother pretty broke . ' Luckily , Ashley seemed far from disappointed with her rock ; the reporter repeated ` Oh my god , oh my god ' before flashing her new ring for her co-workers , exclaiming : ` I 'm engaged ! ' Happy ending : She can be seen in the video excitedly telling her co-workers ` I 'm engaged ! ' Before the camera cut away , Ashley realized the whole wedding piece was for her benefit , asking : ` So wait , is this why we 're doing the wedding segment ? ' Not that she minded doing the work . ` Best surprise of my life , ' she wrote on Twitter later that day . ` I get to spend the rest of my life with my best friend . '