Everything they say about the Maldives is true . The sea is breathtakingly cerulean blue , the sand as soft as flour . The air is so clear it feels like there might be a fourth dimension . The view from the sea plane is like a turquoise lava lamp as lagoons meet the ocean with swirls and circles of staggering beauty . And then , just as we start our descent to the little resort of Niyama , in the Dhaalu Atoll , a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital Malé , two yellow turtles swim sturdily towards a reef . Sand as soft as flour and cerulean sea : Penny is hard pushed to find fault with her week in the Maldives . At the jetty , smiling staff give us cool towels and whisk us to our new home for a week - a superlative beachfront studio where a huge , modern sitting room looks out on to an infinity pool , a strip of brilliant white sand and that ridiculously blue sea . Look the other way and stepping stones lead through green foliage to a table and chairs while to one side is an outside shower surrounded by banana plants . Frankly , the place is bigger than my flat . It 's hardly surprising the Maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years . You could easily spend much of your time getting all hot , bothered and arduous in the splendour of your well-appointed villa . But there is much more to do than gaze at sumptuousness . Obviously , with miles of sea to play in , you can swim , snorkel , canoe , scuba dive and sail . There is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf , shooting , tennis or whatever . Essentially , though , you 're here to relax . The days unwind quietly for Penny , with snorkelling , visits to the spa and walks around the island . We take a boat about a third of a mile offshore to the sensational music venue SUBSIX , which is six metres -LRB- 20ft -RRB- under the sea . As the sun sets , we have cocktails at Edge , the restaurant above . Light spills on to the man-made coral reef . Stars dapple the night sky . A slight breeze ruffles the balmy air . ` It 's like the set of a Bond film , ' says my rapt companion . ` We need someone stroking a white cat to say , `` Here 's your mojito , Mr Bond . I expect you to die . Of happiness . '' ' Edge 's executive chef -LRB- an Aussie named Geoff Clark -RRB- serves up exquisite food . I 've never had an amuse bouche which amused the bouche so thoroughly . Basil mousse , coconut caviar and a salmon square . I could have eaten the plate . Eleven hours later , it 's off along the sandy paths to breakfast . Wow . The selection is amazing , from miso soup and curry to steamed vegetables , rice pudding and fruit . A sailing trip on a dhoni , an old Maldivian boat -LRB- left -RRB- is the icing on the cake . Even the fruit bats are happy -LRB- right -RRB- . Actually , I 'm not going to mention the food any more . Suffice to say that not only will you not starve or suffer from lack of variety , you will eat some of the most gorgeous food you 've ever tasted . Meanwhile , some of us need a massage . You 'd be hard pushed to find a more beautiful spa than the Lime Spa . There 's driftwood and teakwood , white stepping stones and crystal clear water with floating glass globes , surrounded by lush foliage . Fruit bats hang upside down in the trees , cuckoos gently coo and a sweet reef shark bimbles along in the shallows as the sea tickles the shore . In the evening , we walk along the beach to the rooftop Fahrenheit bar and have a green coconut . Below , tiny lights sparkle in the pool while above is a canopy of stars . Bimble away : A reef shark is one of the many creatures Penny encounters during her stay in the Maldives . Clusters of paper lanterns light our way home . The days unwind quietly . We go snorkelling with Judith Hannak , the resident marine biologist . There are myriad coloured fish and also groupers and black tipped reef sharks . But the revelation is the beauty of the giant clams - bright blue , red , green and yellow ones . Stunning . ` The different colours are down to the salts and the algae , ' she tells us . At dinner that night in Tribal , we sit with our feet in the sand , our way lit by candles and sconces . There 's a full moon and the water gently thripples the shore . Can it get much better ? Yes , it can . Yoosuf , our butler , comes to tell us that we can go out for a sail with Captain Shihan on a dhoni , an old Maldivian boat with a spacious bedroom , which is beautifully appointed with dark wood and a thatched roof . We lounge on a giant orange beanbag at the front and watch dolphins frolic and flying fish fly as the sun sets and the champagne bottle goes down . The next morning , it 's all over . We fly back to Malé and westward home . Why do holidays have to end ? ITC Luxury Travel -LRB- 01244 355 527 -RRB- offers seven nights ' half board at Niyama from £ 2,385 pp based on two adults sharing a Beach Studio , including return flights and transfers . Valid for travel completed between April 13 and September 19 , 2015 .