A sign on a diner window in Oklahoma asking a homeless person who had been going through their rubbish to come for a free meal . The kindness of a diner owner who offered a free meal to a homeless person who had been searching through her rubbish has gone viral . Ashley Jiron , owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres , Oklahoma , noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant and decided try and get in contact with them . She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward , so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge . The notice read : ` To the person going through our trash for their next meal , you 're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster . ` Please come in during operating hours for a classic Pb & j -LSB- peanut butter and jam sandwich -RSB- , fresh veggies , and a cup of water at no charge . No questions asked . ' A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page with the hashtag #thatswhatlovelookslike - within a couple of days it had been shared thousands of times on social media . The owner told News Channel 4 that she had n't expected it to receive such a huge response and was just trying to do the right thing . She said : ` Last week , I had noticed some bags , when I had taken out the trash , were torn open and some of the food was taken out , ' ` That really , it hurt me that someone had to do that - I will not take down that sign until they come in . ` I think we 've all been in that position where we needed someone 's help and we just needed someone to extend that hand and if I can be that one person to extend that hand to another human being then I will definitely do it . ' Thousands of people have since taken to social media to rave about Ashley 's actions . Facebook user Lesley Jaquay wrote : ` Imagine if every restaurant did this . So much food goes to waste . Good job PB Jams ! would love to donate a few meals . ' Another called Brittany Hueter wrote : ` I wish there were more business owners like you . These places that have a heart are where I like to spend my money at . ' Ashley Jiron , owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres , Oklahoma . Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page , which was then picked up across the globe . After being impressed by the amount of people who got in touch to express their support , Ashley launched a pay-it-forward scheme at her diner , where customers can pay for other people 's meals . She said : ` Patrons can pre-pay a meal for a person in need . ` For each donation , a sticky nut will be placed on our wall . ` Those who need to can come take a tag off the wall and use it to pay for their meal . ` Donations not used by the end of the month will go towards purchasing food for a local homeless shelter . ' She has also launched a GoFundMe page for people who ca n't reach the diner but also want to be part of the project . Ashley has now launched a pay-it-forward scheme at her diner .