On Saturday , Rosetta swooped to within just 8.6 miles -LRB- 14 km -RRB- of comet 67P 's surface . During this close flyby , the probe was able to capture a stunning four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail . The top right frame offers a stunning view onto Hapi , the comet 's ` neck ' region that is littered with boulders . As part of the recent moves around comet 67P , Rosetta swooped to within about 8.6 miles -LRB- 14 km -RRB- of the comet 's surface on Saturday . Its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel showing the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right . The view also gives a detailed look at the numerous , curved markings visible on the smooth surface . In the same frame , details in the cliffs of Hathor can be seen , leading up to the ` head ' of the comet 's small lobe . The region towards the right of this frame shows the transition between this smooth , presumably dust-covered portion , and the layered , exposed cliffs below . The European Space Agency also recently released a trove ofimages captured by the Rosetta probe during its long journey to Comet 67P / Churyumov-Gerasimenko . This stunning scene was created from two Rosetta frames acquired at 12 miles -LRB- 19.9 km -RRB- from the comet centre on 28 March . The scale is about 1.7 m/pixel and the image measures 3.1 x 1.7 km . The top right frame offers a stunning view onto Hapi , the comet 's ` neck ' region littered with boulders . The scale at this distance is 1.4 m/pixel . They include images of Earth and Mars which were taken when the probe was attempting ` gravity assist manoeuvres ' in which it used other planets to slingshot its way towards the comet . As Rosetta makes an adventurous passes through the geysers of comet in the coming months , scientists hope to discover more information about the comet 's interior from the jets . The Rosetta probe , which was carrying Philae , launched into space in 2004 , using the gravity of Earth and Mars to slingshot its way towards comet 67P . It chased comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko through space for more than ten years , and entered orbit in August 2014 . After a four billion mile -LRB- 6.5 billion km -RRB- journey , the probe then successfully released the Philae lander from its grip to land on the comet on 12 November 2014 , travelling at 3.3 ft -LRB- one metre -RRB- per second relative to the comet . But when it first made contact with the surface it failed to fire harpoons that would have kept it attached to the comet . This resulted in it bouncing to a height of 0.62 miles -LRB- 1 km -RRB- above the comet before again landing on the surface . It then bounced again , but to a much lower altitude . Philae managed to perform more than 90 per cent of its goals before running out of power . Rosetta , meanwhile , is continuing to orbit and study the comet . From data collected by the two proves , Esa said that water on the comet was different to that on Earth - suggesting water on our world came from an asteroid , not a comet . And with the comet becoming more active as it approaches the sun , these next few months are providing the best opportunity yet to study the comet - but it is not without risk . ` The comet is getting super exciting , ' said Esa 's Rosetta project scientist Dr Matt Taylor in The Times . ` Hundreds of kilos per second of material is flinging off it . We want to a do a fly-by through one of these active regions . ' The probe will be brought within nine miles -LRB- 15 km -RRB- of the comet , with its path taking it right through 67P 's geysers . These jets are formed when ice on the surface sublimates - or vapourises - and they become more active as the comet approaches the sun . It is getting closer and closer over the next few months , with its point of closest approach taking place in August . As it becomes more active , Rosetta has a fantastic opportunity to sweep through the increasingly large jets and gather data . In so doing , though , the probe can become disorientated . It relies on seeing stars to know where it is , but the jets can obscure its view . This means that , occasionally , the spacecraft has to take evasive actions when it passes through a jet , to get itself into empty space and re-orientate itself relative to the stars . But studying the jets could reveal vital data on how gas and dust flows out from the surface , and it could also reveal the connection between the comet 's atmosphere - its coma - and the surface . As the comet gets closer to the sun , scientists will also be hoping to hear from the Philae lander on the surface . The washing machine-sized Philae probe gripped the imaginations of the world when it landed on comet 67P on 12 November 2014 . But after making two unscheduled bounces on the surface , the probe landed in an unknown location and ran out of power . The European Space Agency also recently released a trove of images captured by the Rosetta probe during its long journey to Comet 67P / Churyumov-Gerasimenko . Seen here is Rosetta 's view of Earth on March 5th , 2005 . The latest images include ones of Earth and Mars which were taken when the probe was attempting ` gravity assist manoeuvres ' in which it used other planets to slingshot its way towards the comet . Pictured is Mars as seen by Rosetta in 2007 . Now , as the comet approaches the sun , it is hoped that solar rays will recharge Philae 's batteries and bring it back to life . Earlier in March scientists sent commands to the lander in the hope it would respond , but with no luck . On 14 April they will make another attempt to get in contact - and , if it stirs from its slumber , Philae will have a fantastic opportunity to study the comet as it reaches peak activity . Speaking about the most recent attempt to find the probe , Rosetta mission manager Patrick Martin told MailOnline : ` We were trying to see if the lander would wake up and , at the same time , we sent some commands for the lander to better divide its weight and power situation . ` We do n't yet know if the commands have gone through - we might have to wait a bit longer - but basically after one week we did not receive a signal from the lander . ' The main issue at the moment is that , for the lander simply to wake up , it needs enough sunlight to produce 5.5 watts of power - a temperature of around -45 ° c -LRB- -49 ° f -RRB- . But to start communicating with Rosetta again the temperature needs to raise a few more degrees so it can generate 19 watts of power . It may have already reached the former level , which might mean it is already operational and able to receive signals - but we wo n't hear anything until it boosts its power to the latter . The next few months are certain to be an exciting time , though - not just for Philae , but for the orbiting Rosetta spacecraft as well .