Two Ukip council candidates have been taken to school by a teacher who covered their sloppy election leaflet in corrections - but they claim it is a dirty tricks campaign . Suzy Howlett , 54 , who specialises in teaching foreign-born children English , has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook over their spelling , punctuation and grammar . In one section Mr Tanswell and Ms Snook promise that Ukip will ` take back control of our boarders ' - so the teacher wrote in red : ` I think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house ' . Scroll down for video . Back to school : A teacher has taken her red pen to an error-strewn Ukip leaflet that landed on her doormat . Back to basics : The teacher picked up on the use of boarders and wrote : ` I think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house ' In their leaflet the councillors also tell prospective voters : ` If you vote Ukip your get Ukip ' - so the marker wrote : ` You 'll ? ' . One handwritten note about the leaflet 's opening paragraph says : ` This ` sentence ' is long and obscure . It needs some punctuation if it is to make sense ' . The Ukip candidates , from Frome , Somerset , defected to Nigel Farage 's party two weeks ago and hope to be re-elected in May , having left the Lib Dems to improve their chances . Expert : Suzy Howlett , 54 , who specialises in teaching foreign-born children English , took her red pen to the leaflet and sent it to her children . Mr Tanswell today said his former party have ` hacked ' his emails for information to create a slapdash leaflet to scupper their election hopes , and has called in police . However , a party source has suggested the leaflet is genuine . He said : ` They had to rewrite everything and it looks like they did n't have time to spell check it . ' Mrs Howlett , a specialist teacher with 32 years ' experience , told MailOnline she enjoyed a ` happy two minutes ' correcting their work . Using a red pen she highlighted the incorrect use of words , lack of apostrophes , flabby language , poor spellings and use of Americanisms . Their error-strewn Ukip leaflet has been shared thousands of times online . Mrs Howlett said : ` I marked it during a happy two minutes last night . I had heard about the leaflet from friends and my husband brought home a copy and straight away I told him I was eager to take a red pen to it . ` The part about borders - or boarders - really made me laugh . I took a picture of my work and my children , Lucy and George , were very amused by it . They posted it to their friends , and it took off . ` I teach children who speak English as an additional language and advise other teachers about how to help them . There is no shame in having difficulties with spelling , punctuation and grammar . Some of my nearest and dearest have a few issues at times , and I am certainly not poking fun at dyslexia . ` But what I am saying is that there is a problem when people do n't recognise their own shortcomings . ` I have not met the candidates , but the leaflet suggests that if you ca n't check something like this properly , how can you run something properly if you were to be elected . ` I am most certainly not going to vote Ukip , absolutely not , but I will not say who I will be voting for . ` I wo n't discuss -LRB- Ukip -RRB- policies , I will just say that the children I work with are a delight , and some of them could teach Mr Tanswell a thing or two about apostrophes ' . Election campaign : Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook , left and right , defected to Nigel Farage 's party two weeks ago and hope to be re-elected in May . Hint : This bullet point lacks the necessary apostrophe in one of more than 20 corrections . Lost in translation : A key section to persuade voters to back them next month also backfired . Changes : Mrs Hewlett suggested in her red notes ` try not to keep using apostrophes for plurals ' A picture of the annotated leaflet has spread across the internet after it was posted on Reddit by a user who said a mother of a friend had marked it after finding it on her doormat . The leaflet also boasted about Snook and Tanswell 's campaigning which led to the creation of ten free parking spaces at the local Cattle Market car park . Mr. Tanswell says the Liberal Democrats have put out the leaflet to ` stitch him up ' . He said ` They have been hacking into my emails , the Liberal Democrats . They 've hacked it all and I have the police looking at it now . ` It 's the Liberal Democrats who are doing it all . They 've hacked into my emails , they 've basically got hold my stuff , they are producing it , they are sending it out , they are doing everything they can . ` I 'm receiving about 20 , 30 phone calls before 12 o'clock today threatening to kill me . The police are on to all of that ' . Mr. Tanswell , 48 , who runs a plumbing and heating company , added : ` I used to be a Liberal Democrat councillor . ` About a month ago , I left the Liberal Democrats to go UKIP and obviously a lot of them do n't like it , so they are producing stuff like -LSB- the flyer -RSB- and putting it out and putting my name to it . ` I spoke to the police this morning . They are worried about it because people are making threats to kill me and stuff . Supportive : Mrs Howlett says she was not poking fun , adding : ` There is no shame in having difficulties with spelling , punctuation and grammar ' ` They believe the propaganda from the national parties , like the Liberal party are saying that UKIP are racist . That 's not true . They do n't like it . ` I was a Liberal Democrat councillor and I 've gone to UKIP - they do n't like that . These people are very vindictive . ` I do n't know who the death threats are coming from but the police are investigating it now . ` The Liberal Democrats have put all that s *** out about me . They 've stuck a load of stuff on my Facebook , they hacked into that . ' A Liberal Democrat spokesman said this afternoon : ` The idea that the Liberal Democrats had anything to do with Cllr Tanswell 's absurd allegations is categorically untrue . ` Liberal Democrats take the accusation that the party was involved in illegal activity such as the hacking of emails seriously , and the local party is exploring its options . ' Mrs Howlett asked MailOnline to include a link to the charity Against Malaria , recommended by the charity Effective Altruism , which her son George , 24 , volunteers for .