International stars like Brendon McCullum will visit to play T20 cricket this summer , but talk among homegrown players is of how it might save England from further embarrassment in global competitions . Alex Hales and Chris Woakes , two foot soldiers in the recent World Cup fiasco , both called for some rethinking of the domestic structure to avoid a repeat of what happened in Australia and New Zealand . At the launch of next month 's opening of the Natwest T20 Blast Nottinghamshire 's Hales admitted : ` As a team we 're not hiding behind the fact that we 're embarrassed about what happened . With the quality of the squad that we had there 's no excuse not to make it out of the group stages . ' Alex Hales believes England 's players are n't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions . Hales was at Edgbaston on Thursday at the launch of this season 's T20 domestic competition . Both he and Woakes feel that a way of improving England 's one day cricket would be to adopt more the model of countries like Australia and India with their franchise systems . ` The Big Bash is fantastic , I 've played in it for three years and really enjoyed it , ' said Hales . ` I 'm a big fan of the block system for T20 , you dedicate three weeks to a month to hone your skills , all your focus if on T20 . In the last couple of years in England I have n't had much of a chance to develop . ` Over here you play something different Sunday to Wednesday , then T20 on Friday so you do n't get a huge chance to practice your skills . Over there they have less teams so the standard is fantastic . ` I think that 's maybe where we got found out a bit in the World Cup , not many guys get exposed to T20 . There 's such a heavy schedule of Test matches guys do n't get a chance to play domestic T20 . Look at guys like Broady and Jimmy -LRB- Anderson -RRB- , they do n't get a chance to play for their counties . ` It does n't help that a lot of our guys do n't play in the IPL or the Big Bash . Other players are constantly playing in front of big crowds and improving their skills and that 's not something we had in the World Cup . England were thoroughly embarrassed at the 50-over World Cup earlier this year , dumped out of their group . Brendon McCullum is adept at playing T20 all over the world and Hales wants more of that for English stars . ` It 's tougher here with the indifferent weather and I do n't really know what goes on behind the scenes , but in terms of standard and quality I think the franchise system would work in England . ' At Thursday 's Edgbaston launch there were players from all 18 counties , but that number would be cut down if the ECB and its new management ever get round to introducing a more city-based league . Woakes , who hopes to start bowling again in the next two weeks after recent foot problems , will play alongside McCullum for a Warwickshire team now styled as the Birmingham Bears . He believes the rebranding added to the support they received last season , and could so elsewhere if replicated : ` As a player you felt like there were more people behind you , ' he said . ` It might attract more people to come to the ground from different areas of the city , they might feel more part of it . ` I 'm sure if it happened it would n't feel right at first but I bet the Big Bash did n't feel right at first , everything moves forward and evolves . I think it would probably be a good thing . It would improve the standard of cricket , it might not feel right but eventually it would . ` It 's a tricky one , you would have to get counties to merge . Some players might benefit and others would n't . Some people are going to be unhappy . I do n't think counties would be shut down but if franchises are going to happen something has to give . ' Advanced ticket sales are said to be up 41 per cent on last year ahead of the May 15 start with other overseas stars in action including Glenn Maxwell , Aaron Finch , Chris Gayle and Kumar Sangakarra .