Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities after the Liverpool youngster hit the headlines for the wrong reasons before scoring the opener in a 2-0 win over Newcastle United . Sterling , who is unwilling to sign a new contract at Anfield , has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide , also known as ` hippy crack ' , and on Sunday was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe . The 20-year-old faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action over his behaviour , and Liverpool manager Rodgers now says he will take time to talk to his rising star about what being a professional entails . Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities after his recent controversies . Liverpool forward Sterling can be seen pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe . Rodgers said that Sterling 's behaviour would be dealt with internally and that he would be speaking to him . When asked whether he would speak with Sterling , whose opener was followed up by Joe Allen 's goal in the 2-0 win at Anfield , Rodgers said : ` I will do . ` I think it 's one where internally we 're always looking into these types of items . ` He 's a young kid that 's been in the spotlight now so he knows the demands of being a top class player and a top class professional , it 's not just on the field it 's off the field but I will speak with him on it and we 'll move on . ' An excellent piece of skill from Sterling inside the Newcastle penalty area opened up the chance for him in the ninth minute on Monday night , and the England international expertly curled past goalkeeper Tim Krul to make it 1-0 . An excellent piece of skill from Sterling inside the Newcastle penalty area set up his ninth-minute opener . Rodgers said that lack of a second goal for Sterling would have left his player disappointed at Anfield . Sterling could have had more goals and at one point shot wide with the goal gaping . Rodgers said that lack of a second finishing touch would have left his player disappointed . ` He 's very valuable , he 's a kid that , he 's non-stop , he wants to learn and improve himself , the Anfield boss said . ` I thought he was outstanding tonight . He 'll be disappointed that he maybe did n't get three goals this evening , second one he should slot away , but wonderful skill and ability for the first goal and he was tireless all evening pressing the ball and posing a threat . ' Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher said Sterling would learn from the last six to 12 months at Liverpool . Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher said on Sky Sports : ` There 's no doubt over the last six to 12 months , in years to come he 'll look back over this period now as a massive learning curve for him . ` When you 're a 20-year-old kid , you make mistakes at that age , I did , I 'm sure we all do . It 's just important that he learns from it because Raheem Sterling , for how good a footballer he is , he needs to be on the back pages , not the front pages and that 's a problem for him in these last few months . '