She costs taxpayers more than £ 39,000 a year in benefits . And now Cheryl Prudham , a pregnant mother of 11 , is blowing some of that cash on a £ 10,000 trip to Las Vegas , it was reported yesterday . The 33-year-old is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows with her husband Robert , 30 , during the ` no expense spared ' jaunt . Shameless : Cheryl Prudham , 33 , who receives £ 39,000 in benefits , and her partner Robert are spending £ 10,000 on a lavish ceremony in Las Vegas to renew their wedding vows . Browsing : The couple , who hit headlines last year after demanding a bigger council house for their huge brood , visited her local Thomson travel agents in Kent to book the luxury family break . The pair , who have only just got back together after a short split because they want to have more children , were photographed this week visiting their local Thomson travel agent and taking away brochures for the American casino city . Mrs Prudham -- who was also recently spotted flaunting an £ 895 Mulberry handbag as she strolled near their home in Gravesend , Kent -- plans to wear a £ 1,000 designer gown for the ceremony . The couple will stay at the Circus Circus hotel and intend to renew their vows at the infamous Chapel of Love , before being whisked away in a chauffeur-driven limousine . They have also booked to see some shows and go on a helicopter tour across Nevada , a Sunday newspaper reported . It is not their first taxpayer-funded jaunt . Last year they took a £ 7,000 trip to Menorca , Spain . Mrs Prudham told Closer magazine at the time : ` I do n't feel bad about using taxpayers ' money . We 're entitled to a holiday . ' The Prudhams claim £ 39,192 in benefits a year on top of Mr Prudham 's monthly salary of £ 1,600 as a delivery driver -- bringing their total annual income up to almost £ 60,000 . Planning : The duo are planning to fly to the U.S. in March for the two-week ` no-expense spared ' break . Lavish : Last month , Mr and Mrs Prudham and some of their children were spotted leaving a designer shop in London . They managed to avoid the Government 's £ 26,000-a-year cap on state handouts because Mr Prudham works enough hours to claim working tax credit . The pair separated for a short time after Mr Prudham , who is the father of Mrs Prudham 's five youngest children , struck up a relationship with another woman online . But Mrs Prudham took him back in February because she wanted to have more children with him . She said : ` We 're good at making babies ... and I get more in benefits with every child I have , so I can afford a big family . ' Her 12th child is due in July and the family , who live in a five-bedroom council house , are waiting to be upgraded to a seven-bedroom home because their current one is ` too cramped ' . Last month , the family attracted attention over their lifestyle when they were photographed leaving a Mulberry store at Westfield shopping centre in Stratford , East London . The brand 's handbags are seen as the height of luxury thanks to the fine leather used and the eye-watering prices to match . Mrs Prudham left the store with a shopping bag -- thought to contain the much-coveted £ 895 Bayswater handbag she was recently spotted with . Happy families : The couple have been together six years , and Mr Prudham is the father of his wife 's five youngest children . Huge brood : The family get £ 39,192 in handouts a year on top of Mr Prudham 's monthly salary of £ 1,600 as a delivery driver -- taking their annual income to nearly £ 60,000 .