The former NFL kicker Lawrence Tynes is suing the Tampa Bay Buccaneers accusing them of unsanitary conditions that led to a MRSA infection that he says ended his career . The 36-year-old is seeking $ 20million in lost future earnings and $ 15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail , according to Albert Breer of the NFL Network . The lawsuit was announced on Monday and alleges that the Buccaneers ` failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals ' who used team 's facilities , according to ESPN . Lawrence Tynes has filed a lawsuit against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for $ 20million in lost future earnings . Tynes was in training camp with the Buccaneers in 2013 when he contracted the deadly MRSA infection . The suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices , equipment and surfaces unclean , according to ESPN . Tynes and another player , offensive guard Carl Nicks , both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus -LRB- MRSA -RRB- infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection during the Buccaneers ' summer training camp prior to the season . Nicks reached a settlement with the team last year over his infection for $ 3million , according to Deadspin . Tynes , who has not kicked a football since 2012 , said that he spent eight or nine days without being diagnosed and his infection worsened . ` No one cultured my toe at the facility , ' he told ESPN . ` I left that facility on my own and found a doctor in town and said , ` Can you look at my toe because I think all the doctors at the Bucs are lying to me . ' The former kicker is seeking an additional $ 15,000 in damages and says the infection has ended his career . The lawsuit claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices , equipment and surfaces unclean . ` And I took my sock off , he looks at my toe , without any scientific study or anything , he said , ` You have MRSA . ' And I 'm at a billion-dollar company with the supposed best doctors in the world , and not one of them told me that I had that ? I know they knew I had it . They just did n't want me to have it . ' He also told ESPN he nearly had his toe amputated due to MRSA , and said that because of the pain in his toe he can longer play . After he contracted the infection , Tynes was placed on the non-football injury list -LRB- NFI -RRB- by the team just before the season began . MRSA is usually contracted by people in hospitals or other medical facilities . It is resistant to most antibiotic treatments and can lead to deadly flesh-eating bacteria . The infection can remain in the body for years while being treated . The superbug killed more people than AIDS in 2011 . Source : Centers for Disease Control . The NFI list is the team 's way of denying liability after he contracted the precursor for flesh-eating bacteria , which denies him of certain benefits he is eligible for while on IR . Players on IR reserve their full salary , an accrued season -LRB- towards both free agency and retirement benefits -RRB- and full health insurance -- players on NFI receive none of those benefits . First infected after a July 30 procedure to remove an ingrown toenail on his kicking foot , in earlier reports Tynes said he went to the team after his foot became red and swollen within a few days . Six different antibiotics and three surgical procedures later , he previously told Fox Sports that the team was denying liability . ` I 'm standing up for what I think is right , ' Tynes told ESPN . ` Or what I know is right . I 'm in this thing 'til the very end . I 'm not going away . ' The former New York Giants postseason hero had a peripherally inserted central catheter -LRB- PICC -RRB- line hooked directly to his veins to more efficiently get antibiotics into his system to fight the infection , according to Fox Sports . The kicker 's plight was first brought to the nation 's attention by his wife after Buccaneers coach Greg Schiano told media the infected players were ` responding well ' to treatment . ` I hear my husband is responding ` well ' to treatment . LOL ! He 's NOT responding at all yet . This is our #bucslife , ' Amanda Tynes tweeted August 13 , 2013 with a picture of her ailing husband on the couch , hooked up to an intravenous drip . Less than a month later , with their kicker still sidelined and hopes of him recovering in time to contribute to the 2013 season dwindling , the Buccaneers informed the two-time Super Bowl champion the weekend before the season opener that he would be placed on the non-football injury list , further infuriating him and his wife . Tynes -LRB- 9 -RRB- twice kicked the New York Giants to the Super Bowl with NFC Championship-winning overtime field goals . ` The Bucs informed my husband via EMAIL that he will be placed on NFI . Would n't expect anything more from such a classy organization , ' Amanda Tynes tweeted at the time . ` Historically , other teams have done the right thing , ' said Lawrence Tynes . ` Other players who have had staph or MRSA , the appropriate designation is IR . ' MRSA infections are resistant to most bacteria and , if untreated , can turn deadly . They are usually diagnosed in people who have been in hospitals or had medical procedures and can take years to overcome , according to the Centers for Disease Control . Tynes took to the airwaves to voice his concerns and speak out against what he felt was negligent treatment by the team . He signed a one-year contract with the Buccaneers prior to the 2013 season after a six-year stint with the Giants , where he became famous for twice nailing field goals in overtime that sent his team to the Super Bowl . Tynes started his career with the Kansas City Chiefs .