He was the goalkeeper who only won his place in the side on the back of a teammate shipping an embarrassing eight , so when Costel Pantilimon conceded four goals inside 45 minutes he feared the worst -- for himself and the club 's top-flight status . That was four weeks ago when Aston Villa ran riot at the Stadium of Light and Sunderland were booed from the field at half-time before thousands of fans streamed for the exits . Within 48 hours Gus Poyet had been sacked and Dick Advocaat was being installed . The Dutch boss celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over Newcastle last weekend , a result which moved the Black Cats three points clear of the relegation zone ahead of this afternoon 's visit of Crystal Palace . Sunderland Goalkeeper Costel Pantilimon celebrates Jermain Defoe 's goal against Newcastle United . Pantilimon kept his place despite pressure from Vito Mannone - the man who was dropped in the wake of October 's 8-0 defeat at Southampton -- and the Romanian stopper admits there has been a definite mood change under Advocaat . ` Before the new manager came , our confidence was not in a good way , ' said the 28-year-old , who was a Premier League winner with Manchester City in 2012 and again last season . ` We were playing very badly , but now we have a new motivation . He 's brought the enjoyment back . ` I never expected to play in a game like the 4-0 loss at home to Aston Villa . I was upset . You start to think about what you did wrong . The former Manchester City goalkeeper celebrates with teammate Santiago Vergini at the Stadium of Light . ` We had to change something . It was n't easy . I thought about relegation after the Villa game . ` I was asking myself , `` What is happening ? '' . We could n't win games at home . Away from home we were taking points , but in front of our fans we were failing . ` It was strange and very frustrating . I did n't know what we could do to be better . ' The answer , it appears , was Advocaat . ` He has tried to bring us together as a group , ' explained Pantilimon , who has so far avoided one of Advocaat 's infamous fines for a lack of punctuality . ` We all eat lunch together as a team . That should be normal . It 's a good idea , it creates a stronger group . It means we get to know each other better and other people 's situations . Pantilimon rolls the ball out to a defender as Sunderland beat Newcastle at the Stadium of Light . ` On the pitch , he wants us to be aggressive all the time , but also keep the ball a lot more . ` Before the derby he reminded us that not many people have the opportunity to play in a game like this . I think these words said everything , the motivation was at 100 per cent . ` The atmosphere last week reminded me a lot of how it was after City won the league -LRB- in 2012 -RRB- . ` It was incredible . My wife and my parents were there and they loved the game . ' Both of Pantilimon 's parents are deaf and the keeper uses sign language to communicate . Indeed , it was some advice from his father which set him on his way to a career between the posts . The Romanian shot-stopper celebrates a Sunderland win with his team-mates against Newcastle . ` I was a striker when I started playing as a child because I liked scoring goals , ' said 6ft 8ins Pantilimon , who was raised in Bacau at the foothills of the Carpathian Mountains . ` My father told me it was better to go in goal . He said I had the physical attributes to play there . ` But I was not always so tall . I had a period between 14 and 16 when I grew so fast . ` Thankfully , I did n't like basketball so much . When I was about 15 I realised I could be a professional goalkeeper . Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat enjoyed his first victory as manager in the derby game with Newcastle . ` I was only 16 when I made my debut for a professional club . It was a third division club , but it was young to make my debut at that level . ` I was always confident I could be a goalkeeper . I thought I could get right to the top , I 've worked hard to be here and I do n't want to stop , I want to get better and better . ' Under Advocaat , things are certainly looking up , for Pantilimon and Sunderland .