An online campaign set up to raise money for a Blackpool pensioner who is being sued by the club 's owners has reached its £ 20,000 target . Frank Knight , 67 , posted an apology on his Facebook account last week to Blackpool and the Oyston family , who run the Fylde coast club , over allegations he made on his social network account last year . In that statement , addressed to the 34 Facebook friends he had at that time , Knight said he had agreed to pay damages of £ 20,000 to the Sky Bet Championship club , which prompted fellow Seasiders supporter Joe Atherton to set up an account on the website gofundme.com where fans could pledge donations . Blackpool fans vent their disgust at the Oyston family before their Championship game against Reading . Supporters have been protesting against the Oystons before matches and then not attending the games . Over 1,000 supporters did just that , ensuring the target was met in only three days , and the account will now be kept open to provide more financial aid to fellow supporters such as Steven Sharpe , who Blackpool announced they had taken legal action against in January following posts he made on a forum regarding Oyston and the club . An update on Knight 's campaign page read : ` WE 'VE DONE IT ! £ 20,000 reached in 3 days . Phenomenal stuff . Thank you to all Blackpool fans for digging deep , and football fans of other clubs throughout the land -LRB- and world ! -RRB- . ` I 've been in contact with the Knight family and they want me to express their gratitude to every single one of you that 's donated and promoted this campaign . Frank 's total may 've been reached but the fight continues . ' Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston speaks on his mobile phone during Blackpool 's draw with Reading . Owner Owen Oyston watches the match huddled under a blanket in the stands . Blackpool fan Frank Knight posted an apology on a supporters ' messageboard last week . Blackpool became the first Football League side to be relegated when their demotion into the third tier was confirmed on Easter Monday , and they still need one point to equal the lowest ever points total in the second tier when there have been 24 teams . The day after that relegation was confirmed , disgruntled supporters threw eggs at the back of directors ' boxes before their game with Reading and hurled a firework , flare and smoke cannister into the cordoned-off area in front of the main reception area in angry protests against chairman Karl Oyston . Over the weekend , actor-turned-activist and West Ham fan Russell Brand even asked what he could to do ` help ' the situation on his official Twitter account . Blackpool 's main reception at Bloomfield Road was pelted with eggs before their game with Reading . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .