Two of the teenagers who masterminded the Anzac Day terror plot in Melbourne had recently scouted police stations ahead of a possible attack . It comes as a friend of the teenagers who are believed to the planned attack in Melbourne revealed the moment the two young men ` became radicalised ' . The man , who has not been identified , claims the death of Numan Haider was the moment ` we all became more radical ' , according to News Corp Australia . Scroll down for video . Sevdet Besim , from Hallam in Melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon . Multiple photos of Mr Besim on his social media pages show him posing with one raised index finger , a symbol that other ISIS supporters have also frequently used . He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an ` ISIS inspired ' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony . The duo were ` associates ' of Abdul Numan Haider -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Haider was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife , and is believed to have planned an ISIS-like attack . The two alleged ringleaders of the Anzac Day plot reportedly attended Haider 's funeral . The information comes after police held one of the alleged ringleaders in jail under tough new terror laws , despite not being charged . The man , who can not be identified due to suppression orders , could be held 14 days after police applied for a Preventive Detention Order . Another man , Sevdet Ramadan Besim , 18 , was charged with planning to carry out an attack . Both men often visited frequented the controversial Al-Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale . It was also revealed the young men arrested on Saturday had personal links with a senior Australian jihadist and Islamic State recruiter in Syria . Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash , 23 , who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS , according to Fairfax Media . Prakash , who is know by the jihadist name Abu Khalid al-Kambodi , may have been in direct communication with the teenagers until recently . Prakash is thought of in the same way as Mohammad Ali Baryalei , a former Sydney bouncer who was believed killed fighting around the Northern Syrian city of Kobane in late 2014 . Mr Haider , whose body is pictured -LRB- left -RRB- being taken to the coroner for examination , died when he was shot by officers after stabbing two policemen outside a Melbourne police station on September 23 . It is believed the two men who masterminded the Anzac Day plot attended his funeral -LRB- pictured : right -RRB- . The father of one of the teens arrested in the raids , said his son had benefited from his time at the controversial Al Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale . The teen was interviewed by police all morning before travelling to the Magistrates Court where he was charged . Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash -LRB- left -RRB- , 23 , who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS . Earlier , the social media page of Besim was discovered , which provided insight into the mind of the alleged terrorist . The 18-year-old 's Instagram account features posts with anti-Western sentiments and Islamic State propaganda . Just two days before the teenager was arrested during pre-dawn raids at his Melbourne home , he was perusing the Facebook page of well-known radical Perth-based Islamic preacher Mohammed Junaid Thorne . Besim , from Hallam in Melbourne 's south-east , appeared in Melbourne Magistrates Court charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . Days before he arrested , Besim was browsing the Facebook page of Mohammed Junaid Thorne . Hizb Ut-Ta-Khir is an Islamic fundamentalist group who have a branch in Australia . He was arrested , along with four other teenagers , suspected of planning a terror attack using swords and knives . A number of ` edged weapons ' were seized at some of the properties searched . The father of one of the men arrested , said he believed the controversial Al Furqan Islamic study centre had changed his son 's life for the better . Mr Besim did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24 . ` Before he started to pray , -LRB- he -RRB- was in the house aggressive , he broke -LRB- things -RRB- , like a child . But after when he started to pray he really changed behaviour , 100 per cent , ' the father told the ABC . ` Now he was very good , always . Never , never yells , never , never do bad in house . ` He 's always nice talking when I see him , but I -LRB- do -RRB- not see him very much . ' Controversial posts uncovered on Besim 's Instagram page contained strong anti-government sentiments , including one calling U.S. President Barack Obama ` Israel 's b ** ch ' . Another picture expresses his thoughts on the democratic system of politics . He calls U.S. president Barack Obama ` Israel 's b ** ch ' in one of Instagram post on his page . Another picture on Besim 's Instagram account expresses his thoughts on the democratic system of politics . One of his posts said ` War on Terror , where the invader is considered a hero and the resistor called a terrorist ' ` Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah , ' it said . The hashtag on the post reads : ` Do n't Vote 4 Man Made Law . ' His Instagram account also revealed Besim had his Facebook account disabled . The father of the boy also said his family had been traumatised by the dramatic raids . The father said he had a gun held to his head for 30 minutes , and police told him : ` One more word I kill you . Does n't matter for your kids . ' Three other men , also aged 18 and 19 , were arrested separately in Narre Warren . Pictured is one of the homes in the suburb where police made one of several arrest during terror raids . Residents living next door to the homes that were raided in the early hours of the morning have described waking to glass smashing , screams and ` fire-cracker like ' noises before seeing lights . ` My wife she starts screaming . Police call ambulance to come and help her , ' the father told the ABC . ` I notice everything in the house is broken , the door , everything . ' A total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team operation named Operation Rising , which saw 200 officers ' raid seven properties on Saturday morning . Australian Federal Police Acting Commissioner Michael Phelan said the investigation ramped up in recent days after it had become ` very obvious ' the men had ` specific plans ' in place . Security at Anzac Day events across the country has been increased after the incident , with a strong police presence expected . Australian Federal Police Acting Commissioner Michael Phelan said the investigation ramped up in recent days after it had become ` very obvious ' the men had ` specific plans ' in place . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott -LRB- right -RRB- and Australian Federal Police Deputy Commissioner Michael Phelan -LRB- left -RRB- address a media conference in Sydney . Mr Abbott urged all Australians to continue with their Anzac Day celebration plans as normal . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .