Facebook is often linked with depression , social anxiety and other mental health issues . But a new scheme hopes to reverse this reputation by using the site to instead find cures and improve treatments for diseases using the DNA of its members . Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users , who can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . Genes for Good -LRB- pictured -RRB- is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users , who can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan and is available over 18s in the US . It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan , and although the app is hosted by Facebook , the site is not affiliated with the scheme in any other way . The app is available for free from Facebook 's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US . The researchers do n't have any plans to extend it outside of the US at the moment , but this may change depending on how successful the scheme is . Once a user has read and accepted the terms and conditions , which doubles up as a consent form , they are presented with health surveys they complete each day . Sending a spit sample is voluntary , and users only become eligible once they 've completed 15 of the Health History Survey questions , and each of the Health Tracking Surveys over two separate days . The app is available for free to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US . Once a user has read and accepted the terms and conditions they are presented with health surveys they can complete each day . Sending a spit sample is voluntary , and users only become eligible once they 've completed 15 of the Health History Survey questions , and each of the Health Tracking Surveys over two separate days . Participants can withdraw at any time by clicking the withdrawal link in the Facebook app under the ` Your Account ' option in the upper right corner of the site . After withdrawing , Genes For Good keeps the survey responses but deletes the participant 's name and unique Facebook ID from its database . It also removes addresses , including an IP address and physical address , and phone numbers but keeps their age , sex , and zip code information . It also keeps the DNA . These questionnaires relate to a user 's health , habits , attitudes , and relationships and the Health Tracking Surveys provide detailed information about how a person 's health changes over time . After completing each survey , uses can view their own results as well as see summaries about other how these results compare to other participants . Once requested , a ` spit kit ' is sent free of charge and the firm said DNA obtained from this sample will be frozen and ` stored indefinitely ' in a secure laboratory supervised by the researchers . The researchers explained : ` Our goal is to accelerate genetic and health research using social media . ` We will use the information you provide to advance our understanding of genetics , disease , behaviour , human ancestry , and our relationships around the world . ` The findings from this research may benefit many individuals , for generations to come , as we learn more about how our genes affect our lives . ` You can also use capabilities in Genes for Good to track your lifestyle , habits and activities , and compare yourself to other participants . Each member who submits a spit sample will also see a copy of their results , which include their genetic ancestry as well as raw genetic data in a securely encrypted computer file . Similar services , such as those offered by genealogy sites like Ancestry , cost $ 99 in the US and £ 99 in the UK . This applies to the first 2,000 kits sent out by Genes For Good . The scheme has not revealed whether kits will then need to be paid for , or if this is a limited number . MailOnline has contacted the university for more information . Sending a spit sample -LRB- illustrated -RRB- is voluntary . Each member who submits a sample will also see a copy of their results , which include genetic ancestry as well as raw genetic data in a securely encrypted computer file . ` We use Facebook because of its vast existing social network , continued the researchers . ` Using Facebook will allow the study to grow both quickly and optimally through word of mouth . ` Otherwise , the study is independent of Facebook . Facebook can not access the information you provide to Genes for Good . ` You can stop participating at any time . You can stop answering surveys or you can delete the app from your Facebook account . ' Apple recently announced an initiative called ResearchKit that plans to gather health data from iPhone users . It will use , on a voluntary basis , data from medical tracking apps to help research asthma , breast cancer , cardiovascular disease , diabetes and Parkinson 's disease . Apple 's senior vice president of Operations Jeff Williams said : ` ResearchKit is made for medical researchers , it lets them easily create apps . ' Apple worked with University of Oxford , Stanford and others to develop this project . The Genes For Good 's connection with Facebook may concern privacy campaigners following claims earlier this week that the social network tracks users , even if they 've opted out . Facebook has more than 1.3 billion users but there are millions more visits from people who are not signed up . Researchers from the University of Leuven said Facebook puts tracking cookies on internet users ' laptops , PCs and phones when the visit facebook.com so it can target them with online advertising . But Facebook today said the report is inaccurate and the researchers had persistently ignored its request to meet . A spokesman said : ` This report contains factual inaccuracies . The authors have never contacted us , nor sought to clarify any assumptions upon which their report is based . Neither did they invite our comment on the report before making it public . ` However , we remain willing to engage with them and hope they will be prepared to update their work in due course . ' ` Earlier this year we updated our terms and policies to make them more clear and concise , to reflect new product features and to highlight how we 're expanding people 's control over advertising . Members can withdraw at any time and after withdrawing , Genes For Good keeps the survey responses but deletes the participant 's name and unique Facebook ID from its database . It also removes addresses and phone numbers , but keeps their age , sex , and zip code information . It also keeps the DNA -LRB- stock image -RRB- . We 're confident the updates comply with applicable laws including EU law . ' After withdrawing , Genes For Good keeps the survey responses but deletes the participant 's name and unique Facebook ID from its database . It also removes addresses , including an IP address and physical address , and phone numbers but keeps their age , sex , and zip code information . It also keeps the DNA . And Genes For Good said there are also risks : ` We have taken important steps to reduce this risk , including the utilisation of separate independent servers to host the web application and your responses and genetic data . ' -LSB- But -RSB- If the genetic information is used in some way to identify you , it is possible that you could suffer psychological or emotional harm , or other unforeseen consequences . ' It said that the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 -LRB- GINA -RRB- is a federal law that protects individuals from genetic discrimination in health insurance and employment , and genetic counsellors can also be used to seek advice or support .