Police in California have released surveillance images of a man who robbed a bank dressed in women 's clothing - leading investigators to compare his outfit with Mrs Doubtfire . The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in the city of Santa Cruz at around 3 pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money . His blonde wig , female clothing , glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name in which Robin Williams played a divorcee who dresses as an elderly female nanny to spend more time with his children . Cross-dresser : The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in the city of Santa Cruz at around 3 pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money . Santa Cruz Police Department released the surveillance images yesterday as they stepped up their efforts to find the cross-dressing bankrobber . The 25 to 35-year-old man made off with an unknown sum of money after the U.S. Bank employee responded to his demand without raising the alarm . No weapon was used or mentioned during the robber and nobody was injured , according to the San Jose Mercury . Authorities searched the area around the bank shortly afterwards , but he was not found . Lieutenant Bernie Escalante said a man wearing exactly the same outfit had been seen ` acting suspiciously ' outside a nearby Rabobank roughly an hour before the U.S. Bank robbery . Rabobank staff went out to speak to the man and he left the area without incident , Escalante said . Uncanny : The bankrobber 's blonde wig , female clothing and spectacles prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name starring the late Robin Williams . Santa Cruz police said the man appeared to be aged between 25 and 35 , was about five foot five inches tall and weighed 160-170 pounds . He was described as having dark skin and wore prescription glasses and a wavy blonde wig . His outfit was listed as navy blue hospital scrubs with a light-purple long-sleeved shirt underneath . ` We believe these are great photos of the suspect , and somebody in the community has to recognize this person , ' Lt Escalante said as he urged anyone with information to contact his officers . Mrs Doubtfire was released in 1993 to mixed reviews from critics but was a massive box office hit - only falling behind Jurassic Park as the highest-grossing film of the year . Work on a sequel began in 2001 but was scrapped five years later after Williams declared the script ` useless ' . Production resumed in April 2014 , but all plans for the sequel were scrapped once and for all with Williams ' suicide four months later .