A gun-wielding mother has been arrested after allegedly firing into a crowd of people outside an apartment complex in a bid to break up a fight - only for the bullet to hit and kill her teenage son . Latoya Tilson , 33 , took out a .25-caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in College Park , Georgia , on Saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone , police said . But while one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks , another hit Tilson 's 15-year-old son , Pierre , in the head . Pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister , 13 , from the other boy . When first responders arrived at the scene , the teenager was lying unconscious on the floor . He was not breathing and a bullet was lodged in his head . His mother had fled the scene , it is alleged . Scroll down for video . Suspect : Mother Latoya Tilson -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 33 , has been arrested after allegedly firing into a crowd of people outside an apartment complex in a bid to break up a fight - only for the bullet to hit and kill her teenage son . Victim : Tilson fired several times into the feuding crowd in College Park , Georgia , on Saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone , police said . One of the shots killed her 17-year-old son , Pierre -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Pierre was rushed to Grady Memorial Hospital with a gunshot wound to the back of his head . He remained in intensive care for two days , but despite medics ' best efforts , he died on Monday . On Saturday night , Tilson was arrested on several charges , including aggravated assault and cruelty to children , after shocked witnesses told police she had seemingly accidentally shot her son . She is now expected to face upgraded charges following Pierre 's death . The other shooting victim , who has not been named , is believed to have been successfully treated in hospital for his injury . During the incident outside the Godby Road apartment complex , where Tilson lived , Pierre was allegedly trying to protect his younger sister from the other boy when the situation escalated . ` The mother went out there allegedly to break it up , ' Master Sergeant Jeff Hightower told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution on Monday , adding : ` During the altercation , someone hit her in the face . ' Tilson then reportedly took out her small-caliber handgun and fired several shots into the crowd , accidentally striking Pierre , a freshman at Southwest DeKalb High School and a keen drummer . Scene : When first responders arrived at the scene , Pierre was lying unconscious on the floor . He was not breathing and a bullet was lodged in his head . His mother had fled , it is alleged . Above , police at the scene . Shooting '' The teenager was rushed to Grady Memorial Hospital with a gunshot wound to the back of his head . He remained in intensive care for two days , but despite medics ' best efforts , he died on Monday afternoon . First responders arrived at the scene in the 3100 block of Godby Road at around 8 pm . They performed chest compressions on Pierre until EMS arrived and transported him to hospital . Speaking to WSB-TV before Pierre 's death at 1.30 pm on Monday , the victim 's father , Wayne Jones , said he forgave Tilson for ` accidentally ' shooting their son , adding that she was on suicide watch . ` She 's very distraught at this point , ' Jones said . ` If she 's looking or listening , I forgive you . ' Pierre and his sister reportedly lived with their father , but had been visiting their mother for the Easter weekend . Neighbors who heard the gunshots were shocked to hear Tilson had allegedly shot and killed her son , with many believing the mother should have reacted to the fight differently . One neighbor , Leslie Brooks , said : ` I just think its really sad . I just think there 's another way that the situation could have been handled . Maybe the police could have been called a little sooner . ` It shocked the whole community . Because there are a lot of children out . There are a lot of parents . ` I 'm a mother , so I can only imagine the devastation that she is feeling as well . ' She added : ` But to pull out a gun , as a mother into a children 's situation , I just think it 's really sad . ' Another , Stacey Marshall , who was at South Hampton Estates when the dispute broke out , told 11Alive : ` It was n't on purpose at all . It was a mother trying to protect her kids , it just went wrong . ' ` It shocked the whole community ' : Neighbors who heard the gunshots were shocked to hear Tilson had allegedly shot and killed her son . Above , neighbor Leslie Brooks said Tilson could have reacted differently . Apartment complex : First responders arrived at the scene -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the 3100 block of Godby Road at about 8 pm . They performed chest compressions on Pierre until EMS arrived and transported the teen to hospital . Southwest DeKalb High School band director , James Seda , who taught Pierre , said he was heartbroken when he heard the news of the shooting - and drove to the hospital to visit the teen . He reportedly played one of the victim 's drum solos in a bid to get him to respond , but to no avail . Tilson also faces charges of family violence , reckless conduct and the use of a firearm during the commission of a felony , CBS reported . And she will likely face a number of upgraded charges . She waived her first court appearance on Monday . Her next hearing will take place on April 20 . Fulton County District 's Attorney Office is dealing with the case . An investigation is ongoing .