A filthy pub where 24 customers were struck down with food poisoning was found with mouse droppings on the floor and rotting meat in the kitchen . Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms , in Elton , Stockton last year after two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the pub on Easter Sunday . Inspectors discovered evidence of a rodent infestation in the food storage area which was littered with droppings and food past its sell-by date . A box of meat with a broken lid is kept at the pub where 24 customers were struck down with gastroenteritis . The Sutton Arms where two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six of them had Clostridium perfringens - a common cause of food poisoning . Owner Michael Alan Flegg , 68 , pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences when he appeared at Teesside Magistrates ' Court yesterday . The court heard that Stockton Council 's environmental health department investigated the pub after receiving a complaint from a member of the public saying they had food poisoning . Six specimen samples from people who visited the pub on April 20 last year were taken - all from six different households . Michelle Stowe , representing Stockton Council , said 24 people suffered gastroenteritis and six of them had Clostridium perfringens - a common cause of food poisoning . Gastroenteritis is a condition where the stomach and intestines become inflamed , and symptoms include diarrhoea , vomiting , and abdominal pain and cramping . Ms Stowe told the court that the common source between the people sampled was the Sutton Arms . Filthy : Evidence of a rodent infestation were found at the pub in Stockton-on-Tees with mouse droppings discovered on the floor . A dirty bucket at The Sutton Arms , in Elton , which has admitted a string of food hygiene offences . The owner of the pub where inspectors found food past its sell-by-date and rotting meat , Michael Alan Flegg , 68 , has admitted nine food hygiene offences . A visit was made and it was found to have unsatisfactory food hygiene standards , including food that was past its sell-by date and food storage containers not kept in good order and condition . There was also evidence of rodent activity in an external food storage shed , where officers found mouse droppings . Following the initial complaint , 14 visits by environmental health officers were made to the pub and 13 of those were non-compliant with food hygiene regulations . Ms Stowe said that food including chicken , milk and beef were found out of date . On one occasion , three pieces of braising steak were found sticky , smelling and decomposing . Flegg has since sacked the two managers who were working at the time of the breach . After the hearing he said : ` I have taken a back seat for some years due to my age and I put trust in my management team . ` I was devastated to find out what had happened . I was on holiday at the time when the investigation started . We had two managers in place at the time , who were sacked and have now been replaced . We have also replaced the kitchen staff . ` It has been very distressing and upsetting , I have more than 30 years of experience in this trade . The filthy , grease-covered light switches in the kitchen at the pub whose owner is due for sentencing over the breaches . Following the initial complaint of food poisoning , 14 visits by environmental health officers were made to the pub and 13 of those were non-compliant with food hygiene regulations . ` I do understand that as the licence holder it is my responsibility , and we have worked hard to turn the place around . ' A date for sentencing has not yet been set . Despite the changes in staff , there have still been complaints about the restaurant on TripAdvisor . One reviewer , who visited the restaurant earlier this month , had said : ` A disaster from start to finish ! ` Let me tell you if you want to pay top prices for frozen c ** p then this is the place for you . ' Another poster , called Neil J , complained about the cleanliness of the restaurant and the ` dirty ' food . He said : ` The food arrived hot but poorly presented . Chips in a side bowl and remnants of oil on the plate , very dirty oil at that . ` Once emptied out of the bowl there was probably enough to cook some more , chips were very dark brown and tasted of the fryer they came from . The only taste came from the dirty oil . ` The tables had candle holders on with chips out of then that were quite sharp to the touch and cobwebs on the clutter that is above your head and quite dusty too . '