When running , a change in the speed of a track on your playlist can throw your pace completely out of sync . So Adidas has partnered with Spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit . Called Adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used . Adidas has partnered with Spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit . Called Adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used . Once installed the app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute . The app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly , for example if the runner slows down or speeds up . Songs are played in full but users can skip tracks if they want to . Instagram has launched an account called @music that helps people explore songs and albums . @music will features established artists as well as upcoming singers and bands . There will be six posts per week , grouped into series including : . #LocallySourced : Featuring unsigned acts . #DoubleTrack : Focuses on artists ' interests outside of music . # 15SecondLessons : Videos on how to perform everything from riffs to drumbeats . ` For many people having the right music playing while you run can provide the perfect boost of energy to enhance your running experience , ' said Adrian Leek , general manager of adidas Running . ` Adidas go lets your energy level control the music that plays during your run , so you 're always in control . For the first time , instead of runners listening to music , music will listen to runners . ' The free app also intuitively streams Spotify tracks that match the runner 's interests based on their preferred playlists , artists and genres and listening history . Once a workout is complete , users can review and save their distance , time , pace , as well as see which tracks were played . They can then add these songs to their collection , and share their results on facebook , twitter and Instagram . Adidas go is available for iOS only via the Apple App Store , with support for devices from iPhone 4S models or later . Once installed the free app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute . The app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly , for example if the runner slows down or speeds up . When opening the app for the first time , users enter a seven-day Spotify Premium trial . Users can either pick workout playlists from their existing preferences or select a proposed Adidas playlists . After the trial expires they can then upgrade to Spotify Premium or use their local music library to generate the running playlists . When opening the app for the first time , users enter a seven-day Spotify Premium trial . Users can either pick workout playlists from their existing preferences or select a proposed Adidas playlists . After the trial expires they can then upgrade to Spotify Premium or use their local music library to generate the running playlists . Spotify Premium costs £ 9.99 -LRB- $ 9.99 -RRB- a month and comes with offline listening and no adverts .