Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv 's Varsano Hotel for 100million Israeli shekels -LRB- £ 17.1 m -RRB- . The Chelsea owner , who frequently visits Tel Aviv on business , is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home . Covering 1,500 square metres , the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building . It consists of a main building with a large lobby , dining room and two studio suites , and six more bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens . Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv 's Varsano Hotel for £ 17.1 million as he splashes out on the property . The Chelsea owner frequently visits Tel Aviv on business and has splashed out on the luxury £ 17.1 m property . The hotel complex , which Abramovich bought , is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square meters . Chelsea owner Abramovich is buying the Varsano Hotel from local businessmen Guy and Yaron Varsano . Abramovich finally got his wish after trying to buy a home in the Neve Tzedek quarter of Tel Aviv since 2008 . The purchase includes an adjacent car park , which is already zoned for and has approval for additional building , and will enable Abramovich to expand the premises . Abramovich is buying the Varsano Hotel from local businessmen Guy and Yaron Varsano - the latter is married to Israeli and Hollywood actress Gal Gadot -LRB- SuperWoman -RRB- . Abramovich has been trying to buy a home in the fashionable Neve Tzedek quarter of Tel Aviv since 2008 when he had a $ 30m -LRB- £ 20.5 m -RRB- bid for Chelouche House , formerly the neighbourhood school , turned down . Neve Tzedek was built in the late 19th century north of Jaffa , and links the ancient port to Tel Aviv 's financial district , which was built in 1906 . Chelsea 's billionaire owner Abramovich -LRB- right -RRB- pictured with his partner Dasha Zhukova previously . Russian billionaire and owner of Chelsea Abramovich pictured with his girlfriend Zhukova in May 2013 . Abramovich owns five luxury homes and a mega-yacht as he continues to grow his impressive empire . Until the 1980s the area was full of slum properties but in recent decades gentrification , together with the Israeli high-tech start-up boom , have seen Neve Tzedek become one of Israel 's most expensive quarters . Businessman Eyal Kamir and real estate agent Oren Katz are understood to have brokered the deal , and Tel Aviv law firm Yigal Arnon & Co acted on behalf of Abramovich . Journalists who phoned the Varsano Hotel were told that it is not taking any more bookings . Abramovich and his wife Dasha Zhukova , who are both Jewish , are frequent visitors to Israel . Only last year , Abramovich made headlines by booking all 111 rooms in an Israeli hotel in the Negev desert to entertain his guests during the Passover holiday , and over the past year he has invested in four Israeli companies . Now Abramovich can host guests in his own hotel . What does the man who has everything get himself ? Roman Abramovich is worth more than $ 9billion -LRB- £ 6.1 bn -RRB- but the Russian tycoon is seemingly trying his best to get rid of it ... Abramovich lives the luxury lifestyle , with a football club , mega-yachts and five mansions among his prized assets . Here , Sportsmail run through some of the billionaire 's best toys . Chelsea Football Club . Abramovich paid £ 140m for Chelsea 12 years ago , and since then they have won 12 major honours including three Barclays Premier League titles and the Champions League in 2012 . During his time at Stamford Bridge , Abramovich has spent north of £ 840m on player transfers . His contribution has not gone unnoticed , and manager Jose Mourinho even thinks he has helped the sport : ` He has been good for Chelsea , good for English football , good for European football . ' Chelsea 's 1-0 win against Queens Park Rangers last week was Abramovich 's 700th game . Chelsea owner Abramovich is a regular at Stamford Bridge to see his team play in the Premier League . Abramovich is worth more than $ 9billion -LRB- £ 6.1 bn -RRB- and has splashed out on a new luxury Israeli home . A £ 1.5 BILLION mega-yacht ... twice the length of a football pitch ! Bigger is most definitely always better - when it comes to mega-yachts , that is . Abramovich 's 557ft luxury yacht features a mini-submarine , two swimming pools , 30 cabins , two helicopter pads , a missile defence system , a cinema - and it is the second-largest in the world . The boat named Eclipse was recently docked in Germany to undergo renovations in February . Pictured at Hamburg 's Blohm Voss shipbuilders where it was originally built in 2010 and 2011 , the ship was placed into a dry dock for work , though it 's difficult to imagine what it is lacking ! Abramovich 's boat named Eclipse was recently docked in Germany to undergo renovations in February . Abramovich 's 557ft luxury yacht features a mini-submarine , two swimming pools , 30 cabins and a cinema . Abramovich 's yacht was at Hamburg 's Blohm Voss shipbuilders where it was once built in 2010 and 2011 . Not one , not two , but five luxury homes ! Abramovich owns five mansions . One each in Kensington , St. Barts , Colorado , Moscow or Israel , so he is always just a private jet ride away from a luxury weekend somewhere new . And not only that , each home is as luxurious as the last . Take his home in Kensington Palace Garden in West London , for example . This property was bought in 2011 , and is understood to be worth more than £ 90m . He turned his attention to adding to it immediately after , requesting permission to transform the property and extend its garden . It was reported he wanted to create two new underground storeys - which would have been used so he and partner Dasha Zhukova could store part of their fabulous art collection there . It has been labelled as among the most expensive residences on Britain 's most expensive street , and is everything an eccentric billionaire needs . Chelsea owner Abramovich owns five mansions in Kensington , St. Barts , Colorado , Moscow or Israel .