This is the shocking moment a six-year-old girl fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator at a shopping centre in Malaysia . CCTV footage captured the tragic moment little Nurhayada Sofia , who was out shopping with her mother , suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors . She was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries . Scroll down for video . This is the shocking moment Nurhayada Sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator at a shopping centre in Malaysia . The heartbreaking accident happened while her mother was on the phone to her husband Musa who had called to check how she and his two daughters were . Nurhayada is seen in the video playing with the handrail at the top of the escalator with her five-year-old sister at the Kenanga Wholesale City mall in Pudu , Malaysia . She then appears to be dragged over the side and vanishes . The six-year-old was out shopping with her mother and sister at the Kenanga Wholesale City mall in Pudu , Malaysia . Nurhayada can be seen in the CCTV footage playing with the handrail at the top of the escalator . Stunned bystanders at the busy shopping mall rush to the edge and peer over in shock . Her distraught father Musa told The Star : ` We were still arguing when I heard a commotion and the line was cut . ` Minutes later , my wife called back to say that Nurhayada was dead . I just could n't believe it . ' Her mother was said to have been inconsolable and said : ` I made a mistake and my daughter is dead . ' An investigation has been launched by police and the fire service are looking into whether the mall has breached safety regulations . Nurhayada is expected to be buried in her father 's hometown in Muar . The youngster , whose mother was on the phone at the time of the tragic accident , appeared to have been dragged up onto the rail . Nurhayada then appears to be dragged over the side and vanishes as stunned bystanders at the busy shopping mall rush to the edge and peer over in shock .