A mother who is accused of killing her children and then stuffing their bodies in a freezer was removed from court after confronting the father during a parental rights termination hearing . Mitchelle Blair , 35 , from Michigan , is charged with with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture . Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family 's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year-old Stephen Gage Berry . Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed . Blair also said Alexander Dorsey was ` never there ' for his children . Scroll down for video . A mother who is accused of killing her children and then stuffing their bodies in a freezer was removed from court on Wednesday after she started shouting about her one of their father 's had not helped her enough . During the parental rights termination hearing at Lincoln Hall of Justice in Detroit , Mich. , Blair yelled at Alex Dorsey , father of one of the children found dead in the Detroit home -LRB- both pictured -RRB- . Mitchelle Blair looks at Alex Dorsey , father of one of the children found dead in a freezer of her home . Dorsey is the father of Blair 's 17-year-old daughter and was the father of 13-year-old Stoni Blair who was found dead in a freezer . Dorsey , did not respond to her yelling and sat with his hands clasped and stared silently ahead . ` How many birthdays did you miss ? ' Blair said . ` Never . Never . You understand what I 'm saying . ' She was removed from the court when she failed to stop shouting , although she returned silently 13 minutes later , reports the Detroit Free Press . State officials are seeking to terminate Blair 's parental rights to her other two children , as well as the parental rights of her children 's fathers . Blair 's two surviving children have been placed into a relative 's care . Steven Berry , the father of deceased Stephen and Blair 's eight-year-old son , only turned up at towards the end . Both fathers owe thousands of dollars in child support , according to a court document . Wayne County Circuit Judge Edward Joseph required supervised visitation for the fathers , denying a request from attorneys for unsupervised visits with their children because previously each of them had only had visit with their child . Judge Edward J. Joseph presides over a parental rights termination hearing for Mitchell Blair in court . Detroit Free Press reported that after the hearing , Berry declined to comment . Dorsey said Blair had always wanted to see his children and tried to develop a relationship , but Blair would not let him . ` I do n't hate her , ' he said . ` She 's the mother of my children . ' Blair initially was charged with child abuse , but more charges had been expected after autopsies revealed the siblings were beaten to death . Investigators believe Stephen died in August 2012 and Stoni died the following May . In a court filing , the state said her daughter described a home where she and her surviving brother were beaten with an extension cord and piece of wood and hit and burned with a hot curling iron . Medical exams revealed evidence of abuse , including numerous scars , on the surviving children . Twenty-five scars were found on the boy 's back that were consistent with being hit by an extension cord , according to a petition obtained by the Detroit News . Blair 's teenage daughter also described how her siblings were killed , according to court papers . ` Blair tortured Stephen for approximately two weeks prior to his death by tying a belt around his neck , throwing hot water on him while in the shower and putting a plastic bag over his head , ' the state said , quoting the 17-year-old . Stephen was ` unresponsive ' on Aug 30 , 2012 , and Blair wrapped his body in bed linen and put him in the freezer , the state said . Nine months later , Blair became ` enraged ' when Stoni said she did n't like her surviving siblings and strangled the girl with a T-shirt and suffocated her with a plastic bag , the department said . Blair then made the teen ` put Stoni in the deep freezer following her death , ' the agency said . The bodies of the children were discovered on Tuesday while court officers were serving an eviction notice . Blair 's daughter , Stoni -LRB- left -RRB- and son Stephen -LRB- right -RRB- . Stoni 's sister claimed Blair killed Stoni by strangling her with a T-shirt and suffocated her with a plastic bag . Blair initially was charged with child abuse , but more charges had been expected after autopsies revealed the siblings were beaten to death . Court officers serving an eviction notice at Blair 's home -LRB- pictured -RRB- opened the freezer and found the bodies of her daughter Stoni Ann Blair and her son Stephen Gage Berry . The apartment was reportedly filled with food and trash and rendered almost ` unlivable ' , according to the report . Blair 's eight-year-old boy also was aware that his sister and brother were killed and subsequently placed in the freezer , the department said . While being questioned , Blair told investigators she placed Stephen ` in a boiling hot tub of water until his feet blistered ' because she found out Stephen was allegedly sexually assaulting a relative , according to the Detroit News . Blair also told police that when he died , she wrapped him ` in his favorite blanket ' and put him in the freezer , the police report states . The surviving children did not mention sexual abuse when they were interviewed by counselors , according to a juvenile court petition .