A policeman has ploughed a lone furrow after ten years as one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia . Later this year Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of Birdsville , which borders on the Simpson Desert in far south-west Queensland . The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states , but he told Daily Mail Australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling Birsdville , which has a jurisdiction of about the size of the United Kingdom . ` There 's nothing quite like it . I call Birdsville the land of plenty . Plenty of dust , plenty of insects and most of all , plenty of heat ! ' he said . Scroll down for video . Senior Constable Neale McShane at theSimpson Desert in far south-west Queensland , in the midst of the notorious 2009 dust storm which swept as far as Sydney . Temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees , giving rise to a number of desert rescues that McShane must execute every year . He recalled his second day on the job was 49 degrees , the hottest day in Australia that year . ` It 's a very sharp learning curve for policing out here . The heat coupled with the solitude-it means officers need stronger ties with the community than city cops who have more comradery with their colleagues . ' He believes the unpredictable conditions of the job means his successor will need to be a fast learner . Senior Constable Neale McShane has spent ten years working in Birdsville in far south-west Queensland , where is one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia . Temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees , giving rise to a number of desert rescues that McShane must execute every year , such as this one from 2009 . As for the isolation , McShane said it it 's a far cry from his previous police work , and he was grateful for having company . ` It 's lucky my wife living moved up with me , because it can get pretty lonesome and it was very different to what my previous police work . ' McShane recalled the wildest incident in his stint , the 2010 Birdsville Races , which saw torrential rains trap 5000 people inside the small town , stretching resources paper thin . ` Emergency services had to fly food into town and we ran out of cigarettes . The last packed was auctioned off with the proceeds going to the local hospital . It was pretty iconic really ! ' Mc Neal -LRB- right -RRB- working at the annual Birdsville Races , where he made his last arrest in 2011 . McShane said the majority of his work was comprised of desert rescues , but there were a number of arrests in the town with a population of only 100 people . ` You just never knew what 's around the corner . Take that iconic red dust storm that engulfed Sydney in 2009 . When that hit we had a surge of people needing to be rescued . ' McShane said the majority of his work was comprised of desert rescues , but there were a number of arrests in the town with a population of only 100 people . ` My last arrest was four years ago , with someone at the annual Birdsville races . You do n't get a lot of crime here because it 's so desolate , ' he said . McNeal and local park rangers at the Cooper Creek , which was flooded at the time . McShane said the isolation of the job was a far cry from his previous police work , and that he was grateful his wife moved up with him to keep him company . McShane is set to retire later this year , with the local authorities currently on the lookout for his replacement . ` It 's been a great run . I feel a bit young to be throwing in the towel but I 'm sure I 'm also pretty excited will find something else to pursue with the spare time . ' Birdsville 's only park ranger Don Rowlands told ABC that Senior Constable McShane would be ` sorely missed . '