A petition has been launched asking for Sunrise 's Samantha Armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month , dubbed by some viewers as ` racist ' . The cause of controversy came when the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the UK , Lucy and Maria Aylmer , who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones . Introducing the 18-year-olds , Armytage congratulated ginger-haired Lucy on getting ` her dad 's fair skin , ' saying ` good on her . ' Controversy : Sunrise host Samantha Armytage has come under fire for a comment made during a Sunrise broadcast last month . ` The Aylmer twins come from a mixed race family in the UK , ' the Seven presenter 's introduction began . ` Maria has taken after her half Jamaican mum with dark skin and brown eyes and curly dark hair , but Lucy got her dad 's fair skin , good on her , along with straight red hair and blue eyes . ' Co-host David ` Kochie ' Koch seemed taken aback by the comment , taking a confused glance in the 37-year-old 's direction . Armytage and Sunrise vehemently deny the claims of the petition , with a Seven spokesperson telling Daily Mail Australia : ` Regular members of the Sunrise audience or anyone who has seen the clip in full will know that Sam was taking a dig at herself . ' ` She frequently jokes about the fair skin that runs in her family and difficult it can be to manage in extreme environments . ' Confusing moment : Interviewing non-identical twins from the UK , Lucy and Maria Aylmer , she congratulated Lucy on ` getting her dad 's fair skin , ' saying ` good on her ' Mistake ? Co-host David ` Kochie ' Koch seemed taken aback by the comment , taking a confused glance in the 37-year-old 's direction . Still , the comment was n't recieved well by many viewers , who took to social media to express their displeasure and to accuse her of making a ` racist ' remark . The Change.com petition , which has since been signed by 186 people , was launched on Monday , and demands that Armytage , producer Michael Pell or a representative from Sunrise apologise for the comment . It was started by Melbournian artist Jay Fifth , 27 , who told Daily Mail Australia : ` By Sam and the show not recognising , acknowledging and rectifying the statement , they are telling Australia this is acceptable when it is not . ' The 27-year-old , who is himself of mixed descent with a Jamaican mother and a Polish father , added on the site that ` the `` good on her '' comment was inappropriate , extremely offensive and very racist . ' Unhappy viewers : A Change.com petition was launched on Monday and demands that Armytage , producer Michael Pell or a representative from Sunrise apologise for the comment . The twins are pictured here in childhood . It 's the second comment by Armytage that 's raised eyebrows in recent weeks . In an interview with Seven 's Hamish McLachlan , Samantha said she can be ` fragile at times ' thanks to her grueling schedule , which she described as torturous . ` Remember I get up at 3:40 every morning - and sleep deprivation is a form of torture they used at Guantánamo Bay , so I can be fragile at times . ' Rough month : It 's the second comment by Armytage that 's raised eyebrows in recent weeks , as earlier in April she compared her grueling Sunrise schedule to sleep deprivation torture methods used in Guantánamo Bay .