A shocking video has emerged of ISIS thugs using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in Iraq 's UNESCO World Heritage city of Hatra . In the slickly produced seven minute footage , jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year old city . Militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars , while eerie music plays in the background . Scroll down for video . In the video , ISIS thugs balanced precariously on top of ladders are filmed smashing ancient relics in the heritage site . Balanced on top of a ladder , a jihadist is recorded cracking a carved head repeatedly on the side of the wall . The relic then cracks into pieces and falls to the ground in the latest act of destruction by the terrorist group in Hatra . Militants are filmed firing AK-47 rifles at relics in the UNESCO heritage site in the city of Hatra while music plays in the background . On top a ladder , an ISIS thug cracks a historic artefact with a heavy hammer in the Iraqi city of Hatra . Having successfully completed the job , he climbs down the ladder as the ancient relic falls with a crash to the earth . In the clip , ISIS thugs - many of whom are wearing trainers - are recorded smashing ancient relics in Hatra . The video cuts to jihadists speaking directly to the camera with one declaring they destroyed the site because it is ` worshipped instead of God ' . Elsewhere in the clip , ISIS thugs balanced precariously on ladders use a hammer to bang repeatedly on the back of carved faces on the side of the ancient walls until they topple with a crash to the ground . They are also filmed blasting Kalashnikov rifles at artefacts in the city that was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1987 . The footage was posted to a militant website frequently used by the terrorist organisation . ISIS currently controls a swath of land slightly larger than the UK , from Aleppo to central Iraq . The fanatics claim ancient relics are ` false idols ' which promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law . Authorities also believe they have been sold on the black market to fund their atrocities . In the shocking footage , ISIS thugs batter relics they claim are ` false idols ' in the 2,000-year old city of Hatra . The fanatics claim relics promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law . A militant chips away at a pillar in Hatra with a pickaxe - the UN has called their actions a ` war crime ' A militant slams his axe into a pillar in the World Heritage site - ISIS believes statues and shrines are un-Islamic ` false idols ' that must be destroyed . A militant takes aim at three religious relics on the side of a historic building in the 2,000-year old city . An ISIS thug hacks away at the side of the historic walls with a hammer , smashing it into pieces as they fall to the ground . In between the shocking acts of destruction , the video pans to two militants speaking and brandishing their fingers directly into the camera . The slickly produced seven minute clip begins with an aerial shot over the ancient site where relics have been destroyed by ISIS . Hatra , 68 miles southwest of ISIS-held city of Mosul , is 2,000 years old and is a UNESCO World Heritage site . ISIS have destroyed ancient relics such as this in Hatra , as they violates their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law . Last month , ISIS terrorists were pictured toppling crosses , smashing Christian relics with hammers and erecting the black flag of ISIS on churches in Nineveh , the ancient capital of the Assyrian empire . Pictured in civilian clothing , the ISIS thugs were seen overturning statues , destroying religious icons and replacing Christian crosses with the chilling ISIS banner . Elsewhere , ISIS went on a rampage in the Assyrian city of Nimrud in northern Iraq , destroying the 3,000 year-old winged statues placed at the gates of the Palace of Ashurnasirpal . The jihadists also bulldozed ruins in Hatra in March . ISIS have also set off bombs around Mosul Central Library , destroying as many as 10,000 priceless and irreplaceable books and manuscripts . UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon called the Nimrud attack ` a war crime . ' Hatra , 68 miles southwest of the ISIS-held city of Mosul , was a large fortified city during the Parthian Empire and capital of the first Arab kingdom . It is home to numerous temples and sculptures dedicated to gods including Apollo and Poseidon . The video comes in the wake of a major blow for ISIS , with Saddam Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit falling into the hands of the Iraqi government . Tikrit is 80 miles north of Baghdad on the main highway to Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city . Meanwhile Isis has taken control of 90 per cent of a Palestinian refugee camp on the outskirts of Damascus - only a few kilometres from Bashar al-Assad 's stronghold . A human rights monitoring group claimed that the terror organisation almost has full control of the camp which has a population of 18,000 civilians . The United Nations said it was very concerned about the safety of the population . Chris Gunness of the UN Relief and Works agency said : ` The situation in Yarmouk is an affront to the humanity of all of us , a source of universal shame . ` Yarmouk is a test , a challenge for the international community . We must not fail . The credibility of the international system itself is at stake . ' The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights warned that the population of the camp are under threat of death from Isis , hunger and disease . Hatra is 68 miles southwest of the city of Mosul . It dates back 2,000 years to the Seleucid empire which controlled a large part of the ancient world conquered by Alexander the Great . It is famous for its striking pillared temple at the centre of a sprawling archaeological site . The ancient city , a UNESCO world heritage site , is said to have withstood invasions by the Romans thanks to its high , thick walls reinforced by towers . A temple to the Shamash sun god still stands more than 1,750 years after the Sassanian empire razed the Mesopotamian city . The ancient trading centre in Hatra spanned 4 miles in circumference and was supported by more than 160 towers . At its heart are a series of temples with a grand temple at the center -- a structure supported by columns that once rose to 100 feet .