A real-life Willy Wonka has laid claim to making the most extravagant chocolate creation - a seven-foot-tall , five-foot-wide Easter Egg made using 352 lbs -LRB- 160 kg -RRB- of chocolate . Jan Hansen 's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together and is made from layers of Belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame . The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars . Jan Hansen with his 7ft tall Easter egg which he will sell off in pieces to raise money for St Barnabas Hospice . Mr Hansen hopes to raise £ 1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice . The giant treat , which has since been wrapped in cellophane complete with a bow on top , was made with melted chocolate which had to be tempered overnight . The 58-year-old chocolatier commissioned an iron worker to make a special frame for his egg , which was then wrapped in grease proof paper and cling film , before being covered in chocolate . Due to the nature of chocolate contracting after it cools , Mr Hansen had to add layer upon layer of chocolate using a palette knife over a three-day period . He then finished the egg off using a ` rough bark ' finish . Mr Hansen , who has been in the chocolate business for almost three decades , currently has the egg on display at his shop Hansen 's Chocolate House in Folkingham , Sleaford , Linconshire . Layers of chocolate cover an egg-shaped iron frame which the chocolatier had specially commissioned . In the past he has made giant Easter eggs but never one that has sized up to his current creation which measures five feet in width . On Easter Sunday the egg is to be cracked using a hammer before it is sold off to punters who have already been sizing up the egg . Mr Hansen said : ` It is a fair size and it makes a massive difference compared to the others I have made in the past . ` It 's quite fortunate that the conservatory has air conditioning and that it has double doors so we can get it out . ` The actual making was the easy part but I did have a few sleepless nights thinking about it . It was almost like chocolate cladding , I made big sheets of chocolate and put them on the side of the frame . ` It 's pretty thick . Nothing tastes quite as good as Easter Egg chocolate and on Easter Sunday customers are going to take it apart and I 'm going to crack it with a big hammer . It was exhausting , but it is fantastic to see the look on people 's faces . ` I did n't expect people would want to buy the chocolate but it helps to raise more money for the hospice . When they see it they almost do n't have to say anything you just have to look at their faces.The kiddies are lost for words , one little boy who was four and funnily enough called Charlie could n't take it in that it was an Easter Egg . I think it scared him . ' The iron frame was wrapped in grease proof paper and cling film . Mr Hansen lost his brother Cullum , 59 , two years ago after he was diagnosed with a brain tumour and towards the end of his illness had need of the services provided by a hospice . He added : ` People have been very generous . I 'm well on target to hit the £ 1,000 mark . ` Most people know somebody who has gone through the hospice and know it 's a very important part of the health care . People are more than willing to support the hospice and I 've felt very proud I 've been able to help with this gesture . ' He added : ` I 've always had a sweet tooth and on a Saturday morning I used to go into the sweet shop and look at the sweets before deciding what to spend my pocket money on . ` Chocolate is my passion , I love it and working with chocolate is better than any medication or therapies . ` I say that we 're so lucky working in this industry because 99.9 per cent of customers are always smiling when they walk in , and then they see this and are beaming . ` When I look at it I think `` wow '' but now I 'm beginning to think `` what can I do next '' - next year I 'll perhaps need a crane and scaffolding . '