Newcastle supporters have been encouraged to stand up in protest against Mike Ashley 's running of the club when they face Swansea at St James ' Park on Saturday . Fans group AshleyOut.com was behind last Sunday 's boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs , which saw at least 10,000 supporters stay away as their side lost a sixth game on the spin . And now they are encouraging fans to ` Stand Up To Ashley ' this weekend . Newcastle announced record profits of £ 18.7 million earlier this month before revealing that a further £ 34m is sat in the bank . Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday afternoon . At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James ' Park for the club 's last home game against Spurs . Fans are unhappy at the club 's lack of ambition , despite owner Ashley having £ 34million in the bank . Fans are upset and alarmed at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition which has left them with a threadbare squad in danger of relegation . A statement from AshleyOut.com read : ` For those fans wishing to attend the Swansea game , we request them to #StandUpToAshley after 34 minutes of the game , to represent the fact that having no manager and a threadbare squad devoid of quality , yet having £ 34m in the bank is not an acceptable situation . ' They added : ` We have seen a vast increase of awareness for Mike Ashley 's failed ownership of Newcastle United in the local and national media and amongst fans who were previously resigned to apathy . ` These fans have now hopefully found a vehicle to express their profound dissatisfaction with the situation the club finds itself in , which is essentially one of a proud sporting institution transformed into a giant advertising vehicle . ' And the protest -- which is backed by the respected Newcastle United Supporters Trust -- also plans to target Ashley 's Sports Direct stores . The statement continued : ` Secondly , from 12:30 pm on Saturday we will target Sports Direct stores within a 20-mile radius of St. James ' Park and their flagship Oxford Street store by means of a peaceful protest . The supporters ' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday 's match against Swansea . Fans boycotting the Spurs match hold banners demanding the resignation of Ashley as Newcastle director . Newcastle supporters have also been asked to take part in peaceful protests outside Sports Direct stores . ` Further details regarding this protest will be released shortly but we wish to emphasise that this must be a peaceful protest and is aimed at Mike Ashley and the shareholders of Sports Direct International plc. . ` This protest is not aimed at the innocent staff members often working with minimal employment rights on zero hours contracts and they must be respected and supported at all times . ` This protest will be coordinated with supporters of Rangers Football Club who will target stores in the vicinity of Ibrox . '