For those who ca n't get enough of Starbuck 's Frappucinos , they will have s ` more opportunities to guzzle some down-and they may want to camp out in front of the store . For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the s ` more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday , April 28 . CNN reports that bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month . s ` more fun for summer : For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the s ` more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday , April 28 . camping favorite : Starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores . ' Starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores . ' The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice . The beverage is then topped off with the same marshmallow whipped cream and graham cracker crumbs . Once the drink was announced Starbucks lovers took to Twitter to express their opinion of the drink which was almost unanimously positive . ` The Starbucks lady just told me that COMING SOON IS A SMORES FRAP THIS ONE IS WILL HAVE MARSHMALLOW CREAM & GRAHM CRACKERS ! whoop whoop , ' Tweeted Brooke Hierholzer or @b_hierholzer . ` Still amazed that Starbucks has a smores frappuccino that tastes exactly like a smores poptart , ' Tweeted Mr. Magoo or @Mister_N0mad . In recent months , the Seattle espresso giant introduced kale smoothies , birthday cake-flavored Frappuccinos , and previously a chestnut praline latte during the holiday season . Also , a favorite among Starbucks patrons , the Pumpkin Spice Latte was introduced earlier than ever this year . Excitement : ` The Starbucks lady just told me that COMING SOON IS A SMORES FRAP THIS ONE IS WILL HAVE MARSHMALLOW CREAM & GRAHM CRACKERS ! whoop whoop , ' Tweeted Brooke Hierholzer . Amazement : Once the drink was announced Starbucks lovers took to Twitter to express their opinion of the drink which was almost unanimously positive .