Once in a while , a colossal chunk of ice breaks free from Antarctica 's majestic landscape and drifts out into the ocean . In March , Nasa was able to capture this remarkable event from space during a process that was months in the making . The monster iceberg , larger than Manhattan , was spotted breaking away from West Antarctica 's Getz Ice Shelf by the U.S. National Ice Center -LRB- NIC -RRB- . Scroll down for video . Last month , Nasa captured a 17 miles -LRB- 27 km -RRB- long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica 's Getz Ice Shelf . The image on the left shows the landscape before the iceberg broke three and on the right the monster berg floating in the ocean . Glaciers in the Amundsen Sea of west Antarctica are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels . Measuring 17 miles -LRB- 27 km -RRB- long , iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid - to late-February 2015 , Nasa said . The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer -LRB- Modis -RRB- on Nasa 's Terra and Aqua satellites took images spanning the calving event . B-34 is the 34th iceberg from the ` B ' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC . The new berg is still smaller , however , than the much older B-15T - a fragment of B-15 that initially broke off from the Ross Ice Shelf in March 2000 . The first image -LRB- left -RRB- shows the iceberg on February 16 , when it was still attached to the ice shelf . By February 28 -LRB- middle -RRB- , it appears to have separated somewhat . By March 5 -LRB- right -RRB- , it is floating freely . B-34 is the 34th iceberg from the ` B ' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC . Glaciers in this region are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels . Large icebergs can have large-scale impacts on the Southern Ocean . For example , as the bergs melt , the addition of cold , fresh water to the saltwater ocean can affect ocean currents and circulation . Researchers have shown , however , that even more fresh water comes from the melting of smaller and much more numerous bergs . The Amundsen Sea has long been thought to be the weakest ice sheet in the West Antarctic . A study published in December suggests the barren region is haemorrhaging ice at a rate triple that of a decade ago . Researchers believe that the melting of glaciers in West Antarctica , which contain enough water to raise sea levels by at least a metre , may be irreversible . The findings of the 21-year study by Nasa and the University of California , Irvine claim to provide the most accurate estimates yet of just how fast glaciers are melting in the Amundsen Sea Embayment . Scientists found the rate by taking radar , laser and satellite measurements of the glaciers ' mass between 1992 and 2013 . They found they lost an average 83 gigatons per year -LRB- 91.5 billion U.S. tons -RRB- , or the equivalent of losing the water weight of Mount Everest every two years . Scientists are hoping to combine images such as this with noises recorded from icebergs to detect the different ways that glaciers lose ice into the oceans . Earlier this year , the incredible sounds of an ice ` cracking ' and crashing down into water as an iceberg were recorded by researchers . . The scientists used underwater microphones aboard buoys to record a variety of iceberg births at the Hans Glacier in Svalbard , Norway during three days in August 2013 . The recordings were then combined with time-lapse photos of the glacier during the same period . By synchronising the sound recordings with the photographs , the researchers discovered that different types of ice loss are associated with distinct rumbles , snaps and splashes . They are interested in this because the ice floating around Antarctica has thinned by nearly 20 percent , according to recent research . This is depleting the bulwark that prevents the permanent collapse of glaciers covering the southern continent . The study , based on satellite measurements between 1994 and 2012 by the European Space Agency , sheds new light on how Antarctic ice responds to climate change . Ice barriers have an average thickness of between 400 to 500 meters -LRB- 1,300 to 1,600 feet -RRB- and can extend hundreds of kilometers off the coast of Antarctica . If the ice becomes too thin it would allow the permanent glaciers to slip into the ocean and start melting , sharply increasing the rise of ocean levels . Researchers found that the total volume of Antarctic ice changed little between 1994 and 2003 , but after that point melting markedly accelerated . Ice in western Antarctica declined throughout the study period . A slight increase in ice thickness was observed in eastern Antarctica before 2003 when rapid melting began , leading to an 18 percent reduction of thickness compared to 1994 . ` Eighteen percent over the course of 18 years is really a substantial change , ' said Fernando Paolo , a researcher at the University of California , San Diego . ` Overall , we show not only the total ice shelf volume is decreasing , but we see an acceleration in the last decade . ' If the rate of thinning continues , the ice shelves could lose half of their volume over the next 200 years , the researchers calculated .