The FBI have released an image of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe . Police have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace to help them rescue a young girl who is believed to be being abused . The FBI confirmed it found images of a ` pre-pubescent blonde girl ' that appear to show her being sexually abused , which could have been taken ` in America or elsewhere . ' Officials said one picture , which does not show any abuse taking place , features the unidentified man posing with her . They said they are trying to trace the man - referred to as John Doe 29 - because they believe he may have ` critical information ' to help them identify the victim and her whereabouts to rescue her . Investigators stressed the dark-haired man , believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45 , is not suspected of carrying out abuse . Amanda Strickland , special investigator at the FBI , said : ` We are trying to stop further continued abuse of this child . We believe that it is still ongoing . ' Police said the child was seen in one of the photographs wearing blue and white Nike velcro sneakers . They confirmed John Doe 29 has a tan complexion and was pictured wearing a silver ring on his left hand ring fingers . Other pictures appear to show a different hand with a ring on the right hand . Initial images of the unidentified adult male , John Doe 29 , shown with a child were first recorded by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children in January of 2008 . The pictures have been recently re-enhanced to try and identify the mystery man . The FBI released the appeal , with images of John Doe 29 , and distinguishing features in a bid to get information . He is being sought as part of the FBI 's Operation Rescue Me and Endangered Child Alert Program -LRB- ECAP -RRB- initiatives which aim to find abuse victims . The FBI has released a poster and blog appealing for any information about the man . People are asked to submit a tip online at tips.fbi.gov or call the FBI 's toll-free tip line at 1-800-CALL-FBI . Investigators said a collection of photos were found showing the girl being abused , but in one which did not feature abuse John Doe is seen posing with the girl , and there is a close up of his hand -LRB- left -RRB- . The FBI have placed the image of the unidentified man on the Endangered Child Alert pages of its website -LRB- right -RRB- . Investigators also released images of the girl 's white Nike shoe -LRB- left -RRB- and the location of the photo -LRB- right -RRB- .