A woman suspected of abandoning her newborn baby girl in a South Carolina dumpster has come forward following the rescue of the hours old infant by a teenager . Horry County Police said the mother , who will be identified once she is formally charged , turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police . The baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon when he heard her crying . Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta , according to WMBF . The 8 lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition , and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released , police said . Scroll down for video . Horry County Police said the mother of an abandoned baby girl turned herself in on Thursday night -LRB- above a picture released by police of the woman suspected to be in connection to the incident -RRB- . The woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released , police said . The hours old baby girl was found trapped in a tied plastic bag inside a dumpster -LRB- pictured above -RRB- located in an apartment complex in Myrtle Beach . ` Hospital staff estimated the baby was only hours old , ' Horry County Police Department Lt. Raul Denis told NBC . On Friday , he said the baby is healthy and is in the custody of the social services department . Police responded to a report of the incident around 2.30 pm on Thursday at an apartment complex in Myrtle Beach near Island Green Country Club . Austin and his brother were taking trash to the dumpster when they heard a faint noise . ` I heard it and I instantly knew it was a baby and she was crying , so I jumped in the garbage can , or the dumpster , and I started moving bags away , ' Austin told WMBF . ` I got two or three bags down and saw the baby 's face pressed against the bag . ' He added : ` It was tied shut ... it was , it was horrible . I ripped it open and the umbilical cord was still there , the placenta , it was just born . ' Austin Detray -LRB- above -RRB- was with his brother when they heard the infant crying from inside the dumpster and rescued her before calling for help . Austin 's mother Jessica -LRB- right -RRB- cleared the baby girl 's mouth and nasal passages to help her breathe . Emergency responders took the infant to hospital where she is listed in stable condition -LRB- above scenes from the incident -RRB- . Austin then told his brother to go upstairs and get help when their mother , Jessica , came to the scene and cleared the baby 's mouth and nasal passages . ` So what I did was I got towels and took care of her , ' said the mother-of-five . ` I named her Hope . Because I have hope for her and I pray , and if anything comes from this I want to make sure she is okay . ' Once on the scene , emergency responders took the infant to a nearby hospital . On Thursday , the Detrays went to visit the baby girl , and Jessica mentioned she is willing to care for the infant and is considering adoption . ` To the parents , you ought to be ashamed of yourself , ' Jessica told WTHR . ` I 'm sorry , but there are hospitals and door-knocking you could have done to make sure that baby was safe . '