An 18-month-old toddler was left covered in blood after being dragged face first for 3ft along a pavement by a hit-and-run cyclist . Young Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday when he was caught under a cyclist 's wheel and dragged along the path . Angela Buckler , 34 , said the female cyclist rode off without showing any remorse , despite leaving Harry with blood pouring from her face and inside his mouth . An 18-month-old toddler , Harry , was dragged along the path -LRB- pictured -RRB- by a cyclist after getting caught under her wheel while he was out in Cambridge with his parents . The incident took place while the family were parking up to go shopping on a path which is used by both cyclists and walkers . Police have now urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident . Ms Buckler a project manager for a Cambridgeshire biologics firm , told the Cambridge News that the cyclist , thought to be in her 20s - who was also wearing headphones - was not paying attention and was ` not bothered ' by what she had done . She said : ` He was caught on his front and his face was dragged along the pavement . She then ran over one of his legs with her bike wheel -- there was a big bruise and welt there . ' She added : ` I had this feeling of horror . I scooped him up and there was blood everywhere . ` But she was not remorseful in the slightest . She just said he was on the cycle path . She stayed for a couple of minutes while I called the ambulance and then said something like `` well there 's nothing else I can do here '' and went off . She could see him bleeding . ' The incident took place on a path which is used by both cyclists and walkers on Monday -LRB- file picture -RRB- . Harry had to be treated at Addenbrooke 's hospital in Cambridge for cuts and bruises to his face , head and legs . An East of England Ambulance Service spokesman said they received a call just before 11.30 am to a report of a child being hit by a bicycle . They said : ` An ambulance crew and paramedic in a rapid response vehicle attended to the patient who was conscious and breathing , but was not completely alert . ` The child was taken to Addenbrooke 's Hospital for further treatment . ' A Cambridgeshire police spokesman said they were also called to the incident . They said : ` We were called by the ambulance service just before 11.30 am . The 18-month-old boy was taken to hospital but did not suffer serious injuries . ` The cyclist did not stop at the scene and officers would like to contact them . '