The daughter of a paedophile jailed for sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl said her father should be hanged for his crimes . Becky Handley , 20 , discovered her father , Raymond Handley 's grisly crimes against a child in a local newspaper article . He was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court after details of the repeated assaults emerged . Now his daughter , who was kept from seeing him as a child , has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll . Becky Handley said her father Raymond Handley should be ` hanged ' for sexually assaulting a girl , eight . Miss Handley , a restaurant worker , learned of his crimes after reading about them online . So disgusted with his crimes , Miss Handley said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term . ` I want the death penalty brought back for people like my father . I think he should be hanged for what he has done . ' Speaking of the victim , who Miss Handley says she does not know , she added : ` I really feel bad for this young girl and I really hope that she gets through it . ` He has stolen a little girl 's innocence and I hope he rots in prison and dies there for what he has done . ' Birmingham Crown Court heard how Handley , 62 , sexually assaulted his young victim twice before threatening to kill her mother if details of the abuse emerged . Miss Handley now wants to change her name via deed poll . It took the child years to report the incidents to police for fear of him . She is understood to have suffered severe psychological since . Miss Handley was not aware of her father 's crimes until her sister showed her a local newspaper article which detailed the case . ` I just saw the name in the headline and I immediately thought `` Oh God , he 's dead ! '' . ` But when I read the headline properly , I just could n't believe what I was seeing , ' added the restaurant worker . ` I felt deeply ashamed to have the Handley name . I want my father to die behind bars . ' Miss Handley did not see her father as a child and was discouraged from contacting him by her mother as an adult . She has lived with her mother , Dawn Williams , and stepfather since she was nine . Speaking of her former husband , Ms Williams , 52 , said : ` I always had a gut feeling about him . I found out that he was breaking into schools and houses and I kicked him out . ' The pair divorced before Becky 's first birthday . ` He is a horrible man . He 's a real rotten apple and I wish I 'd known more about him before I started a relationship with him . ` What he has done is disgusting . I ca n't even think about what he has done to that poor girl . ' Jailing Handley earlier this month , Judge Roderick Henderson , cited the paedophile 's threats against his victim 's family . ` She was extremely young and can be described as suffering severe psychological harm from what you had done . ' Handley denied his crimes , his lawyer saying that of his 90 previous convictions none had been of a sexual nature . Handley was jailed at Birmingham Crown Court -LRB- above -RRB- where a judge told of the ` severe psychological damage ' the attacks inflicted on his victim .