Journalist and author of the best-selling book I Quit Sugar has opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness , revealing she came close to taking her own life . During a candid interview Sarah Wilson , 41 , explained how anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she ` could n't see the point of continuing . ' ` My anxiety brought me to a point where I could n't quite see the existential point of continuing , ' she told Women 's Weekly Australia . ` I could n't see a way out . ' Scroll down for video . Sarah Wilson opened up in a candid interview about how her battle with mental illness drove her to believe her life was n't worth living . During the intimate interview Ms Wilson revealed it was a combination of issues , including mounting stress , anxiety , her thyroid disease and distant family , that drove her to believe her life was no longer worth living . She said ` people get on with their lives ' and while she had n't found a husband , nor had children , she felt increasingly isolated . ` I was essentially very alone , ' Ms Wilson added . ` My anxiety brought me to a point where I could n't quite see the existential point of continuing ' ` I could n't see a light at the end of the tunnel , ' she added . Ms Wilson said while she struggled through her younger years she has recently ` found some peace with it . ' In Ms Wilson 's eyes , depression and anxiety are intrinsically linked . She thinks we need to acknowledge this link to be better equipped to tackle the increasing rate of Australian women who are being negatively affected by stress and anxiety . Ms Wilson said while she now accepts she is an ` anxious person ' , when she was younger she watched everybody else coping and felt like she had ` missed out on a guide book to life ' Ms Wilson said while she now accepts she is an ` anxious person ' , when she was younger she watched everybody else coping and felt like she had ` missed out on a guide book to life ' . Ms Wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the ` new depression ' . Beyond Blue report that one in three Australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime , and although depression and anxiety are two different conditions , one can often lead to the other . If you or someone you know needs help , do n't hesitate to contact Beyondblue on 1300 224 636 or Lifeline 13 11 14 .