The future of travel will be virtual . Never again will you need to board a plane to be able to take in the world 's most breathtaking locales , at least if Facebook has anything to say about it . In a recent q & recent on the social media site , CEO and co-founder , Mark Zuckerberg , opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role . According to Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg , the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments . ` It will be pretty wild , ' Zuckerberg replied to a follower online , according to arynews.tv . ` Just like we capture photos and videos today and then share them on the Internet to let others experience them too , we 'll be able to capture whole 3D scenes and create new environments and then share those with people as well . ' Zuckerberg 's views of the future of virtual travel are perhaps unsurprising , considering that the social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker , Oculus , last year . And at a conference in San Francisco last month , Facebook 's chief technology officer , Mike Schroepfer , promised that virtual reality gaming would be coming ` this year . ' Never again will you need to endure a long-haul flight to take in some of Thailand 's best beaches . Thanks to the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset , users will be able to see the world from multiple viewpoints . Facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed , meaning that users will be able to put on a VR headset and explore a location of their choosing . These videos are expected to be filmed with multiple cameras , so users will be able to change their viewpoints , allowing for even more in-depth exploration . Described as a ` first step , ' it 's also believed that even more immersive videos are on the horizon , including those which will use Oculus Rift , the virtual reality headset that straps over your eyes . ` VR is more than just another platform , it can create a whole range of human experiences , ' said Michael Abrash , the Chief Scientist at Oculus . The Facebook founder is n't the first to predict virtual reality as the future of travel . Marriott hotels have already trialled Oculus Rift on a tour of hotels across America , allowing guests to sample different holiday destinations .