Adrian Heath is holding court at his weekly pre-match press conference , and one of the local reporters wants to talk crossbars . Might it be a good idea to raise it a bit so more goals could be scored for the benefit of goal-hungry American fans ? The well-travelled former Everton and Manchester City midfielder -- now manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City -- responds with good humour . ` Well , soccer 's being doing quite well for about 150 years now and if you look at the amount of people who play and watch it 's still doing quite well , so I do n't really see a need , ' he replies with a patient smile . Scroll down for video . Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City . Such inquiries are actually becoming fewer and further between , as the world game and the huge US market get better acquainted with each other . Heath has been here for eight years now and witnessed the process at first hand , going from the backwoods of the USL to the major leagues that Orlando have been elevated to this season . The years have not dimmed Heath 's impish enthusiasm and , now 53 , he speaks of the game 's expansion with an almost missionary zeal . Perched in the morning sunshine on a bench at City 's pristine training facility he talks about the upside of salary caps , what Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard can expect , the humility of his star signing Kaka and his hopes of an eventual rivalry with David Beckham 's troubled Miami project . Steven Gerrard will join LA Galaxy in the summer after spending 17 seasons at Liverpool . Midfielder Frank Lampard has signed a two-year contract with New York City . The aforementioned names ' imminent arrival is just one reason why the MLS is achieving a greater resonance on the other side of the Atlantic . ' I think English people are fascinated with America , ' says Heath . ' You see the baseball , American football and basketball and wonder whether football can take off here . I 'm glad to say I think the only question is how big it becomes . ` Perhaps we have slowly had to educate some of the media . One of the things that has kept football down a bit is that some of the high profile media have n't known the sport , and maybe some people are scared of it . They guard their own sports quite carefully . ' Heath 's Stateside adventure began in the unlikely setting of a pub in his native Newcastle Under Lyme , where he bumped into Stoke City director Phil Rawlins . Kaka is playing out the final days of a distinguished career on the doorstep of Disney World . ` He was looking to invest in soccer over here and I had just lost my job at Coventry . I 'd been with Coventry to Portland that year for a pre-season friendly and there were 15,000 people there . I thought the game was taking off and so I thought I 'd try and get in early . ` I started off at the bottom in the USL in Austin , Texas . Sometimes there were less than 1,000 people in the ground , not great facilities , lot of college kids , but you could see the game growing . ` Now you look at Seattle Sounders and they would be not that far from Man United and Arsenal in average gates , getting 45,000 per game . ' His belief that in ten years the MLS will be world 's ` third or fourth biggest league ' is fuelled by his daily influx of emails : ' I only have to open my inbox every day to see how many people want to come out here . All the time agents are offering me players who are going to be out of contract in two years ' time , big international players who will may be be 29 then . ' Orlando midfielder Kaka has the highest salary in MLS history . While Beckham is still looking for a ground in Miami -- last month he made an unusually low profile visit in further efforts to resolve the issue -- Orlando sold out their opening game last month at the temporary home of the Citrus Bowl . ` We got 62,000 our first game . That will not be sustained but we are building a 21,000 seater stadium with the capability of going up to 28,000 and we will fill that . ' It helps having Kaka as the club 's marquee signing , a superstar in name but evidently not in behaviour , as Heath quickly discovered : ` We went on pre-season to Charleston and we hired a few vans to transport everyone around . He volunteered to drive one of them and then would wait around for the kids who are straggling and the last to leave , to make sure they 're not left behind . He 's a remarkable person . ' He knows what an impact the involvement of Beckham could also have if he can sort problems out 250 miles south , and admits a vested interest : ' I think he has faced an uphill battle on the back of what happened with the baseball there . The city invested millions into the Marlins and they were n't happy with how it worked out with the owner . Midfielder Heath scored 71 goals in 226 games for Everton . ` There 's nobody at this club that does n't want to see David get it off the ground in Miami . Rivalry makes sports , and we could get that going with Miami and maybe Atlanta , which is also a few hours up the road . ' I think David will do it there , it 's very difficult for a city to turn down a major league sport over here with all that it brings . One of things that has helped in Orlando is that it 's a young city and they want to show it has a lot more to offer than Disney . The city has united behind this . ' Gerrard and Lampard will be coming sooner and , he says , there will be a few culture shocks . ' They will have to get used to the travel for an away game . Six hour flights leaving on Thursday and not arriving back until Sunday night . The time difference , sleep patterns . ` I think they 'll be impressed with the athleticism in the league . Six years ago coming here in your mid thirties you could get away with coasting but those days are gone . Frank will be fine and so will Steven because they 've got great football brains . ' Heath helped Everton lift eight trophies during his six years at Goodison Park . And they will find a much more level playing field . ` The great thing about the MLS is because of the salary cap there is parity and you do n't know who is going to win the league . The Premier League is exciting in many ways but you know only three or four teams can win it . ' Nobody is more patriotic than me and I 'm very proud to have played for the likes of Everton and Man City . But the thought that Everton might never win another trophy does n't sit well with me . They were level five years ago with Man City . It 's unthinkable that Everton might not win anything again . ' Heath is that rare bird in English football , the traveller , having also spent a season at Espanyol as a player . It has made him a better coach , although he admits his Spanish excursion was not about self-improvement . ` I earned more money going to Spain , one of the reasons we do n't export any more from England is that we are the gravy train . If you want to earn a lot of money you stay in England . If you go back to the likes of me , Mark Hateley , Glenn Hoddle , Michael Robinson , the truth is we all went for more money . But it does help you learn . ' Now he is doing something very unusual , having to effectively build a team from scratch after Orlando 's ` promotion ' , working all the time within the salary cap . They currently lie third in the Eastern Conference after six games . ` The bottom line is we have got just under 4 million pounds to work with for 28 players -LRB- one of them is his son Harrison -RRB- . You get three of them outside the wage cap but they count as 400 each against it so there is a lot of juggling . ' Heath never gets homesick , and there is a constant flow of football people passing through from England , usually taking their children to Disneyland . ` The funny thing is that is brought my kids over quite a few times when I was a player and they were younger , but now I 'm working here I 've never set foot in the place . '