David Cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today by declaring that the Conservatives are ` the party of the grafters ' . The Prime Minister , who has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion , said he made ` no apology ' for focusing on the economy , insisting : ` Nothing matters more . ' He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed , saying while Labour sneers at those who work hard , his party backs them . Scroll down for video . David Cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today by declaring that the Conservatives are ` the party of the grafters ' Yesterday , Mr Cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow . ` If you want political excitement , maybe you could go to Greece , ' he said . ` That 's an exciting country , I am told . I do n't think that 's exciting -- I think that 's terrifying . ` When you get a new job , a new home , get a new childcare place or start a new business ... now that 's truly exciting . If you want to take a risk , vote for the other man . My God , he 's got plenty of risks . ' He said Labour 's ` disastrous ' plans for higher taxes and borrowing would risk the stability of people 's lives . And he told voters : ` I want you to think about the three million low-paid people we have taken out of income tax , I want you to think about the two million jobs that we have created , I want you to think of the cuts in youth unemployment that we 've achieved . I want you to think of that and I want you to take that argument that Labour make and stick it where the sun do n't shine . ' Mr Cameron went on : ` Some people are saying to me , `` You are putting too much emphasis on a strong and stable economy and securing our future '' . I plead guilty . ' The Tories will today unveil a separate manifesto for small businesses , calling them ` the lifeblood of the economy ' . Thousands of small business leaders will back the party in an open letter . The Prime Minister , who has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion , said he made ` no apology ' for focusing on the economy , insisting : ` Nothing matters more ' And Mr Cameron -- who is understood to have ordered that all campaigning activity is now dedicated to the economy -- will set out new proposals to support millions of small firms and self-employed . He is to promise tax breaks and start-up loans , and an end to another £ 10billion-worth of red tape , to enable the creation of 600,000 businesses a year . The Tories are also promising to review the disadvantages faced by the self-employed , who make up 15 per cent of the workforce . In an echo of the campaign rhetoric of Margaret Thatcher , who famously celebrated Napoleon 's supposed dismissal of Britain as a ` nation of shopkeepers ' , Mr Cameron will say : ` Small businesses are the backbone of our economy -- and Conservatives are behind them 100 per cent . We 're the party of the grafters and the roofers and the retailers and the plumbers . ` We get them , we respect them , we understand them , we back them . Where Labour sneer , we cheer . '