Dementia could soon be treated with a ` brain pacemaker ' inserted directly into the skull , according to new research . Scientists have shown that using deep brain stimulation -LRB- DBS -RRB- , a technique already used to treat Parkinson 's disease , can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed . A ` pacemaker ' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull . Deep brain stimulation is already used to treat Parkinson 's , but now researchers now believe it could be used to improve brain function and ward off diseases such as dementia -LRB- file image -RRB- . Experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall , and it is hoped the same will apply to humans . The device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain and has also been shown to provide benefits for a range of conditions including chronic pain , major depression and obsessive compulsive disorder . The device was implanted into middle aged rats , sending out minute electrical impulses , and the study found the animals performed better in memory tests compared to those who had not been stimulated , even after 24 hours . Professor Ajai Vyas , of Nanyang Technological University , Singapore , said : ` Extensive studies have shown that rats ' brains and memory systems are very similar to humans . ` The electrodes are harmless to the rats , as they go on to live normally and fulfil their regular adult lifespan of around 22 months . ' DBS is a surgical procedure that has become an established NHS treatment for Parkinson 's sufferers whose condition does not respond to drugs . Tests on lab mice showed improved memory within just 24 hours , while the rodents ' life-spans were unaffected -LRB- file image -RRB- . Now the new research , published in the journal eLife , has discovered it could also be used to enhance the growth of brain cells which relieves the harmful effects of dementia related conditions and improves short and long term memory . It found new brain cells , or neurons , can be formed by stimulating the front part of the brain known as the prefrontal cortex which is involved in memory retention using minute amounts of electricity . The increase in brain cells reduces anxiety and depression , promotes improved learning , and boosts overall memory formation and retention . Prof Vyas said : ` The findings from the research clearly show the potential of enhancing the growth of brain cells using deep brain stimulation . ` Around 60 per cent of patients do not respond to regular anti depressant treatments and our research opens new doors for more effective treatment options . ' Prof Lim Lee Wei , of Sunway University , Malaysia , who worked on the project while he was at Nanyang Technological University , said DBS brings multiple benefits . He said : ` No negative effects have been reported in such prefrontal cortex stimulation in humans and studies have shown that stimulation also produces anti depression effects and reduces anxiety . ` Memory loss in older people is not only a serious and widespread problem , but signifies a key symptom of dementia . ` At least one in 10 people aged 60 and above in Singapore suffer from dementia and this breakthrough could pave the way towards improved treatments for patients . ' For decades , scientists have been finding ways to generate brain cells to treat brain trauma and injury , and age related diseases such as dementia . As part of a natural cycle , brain cells constantly die and get replaced by new ones . The area of the brain responsible for generating new brain cells is known as the hippocampus , which is also involved in memory forming , organising and retention . By stimulating the prefrontal cortex , new brain cells are formed in the hippocampus although it had not been directly stimulated .