Scarface and Godfather actor Al Pacino is offering die-hard fans the chance to fly with him on a private jet -- but it will set them back an eye-watering sum of £ 25,000 -LRB- or $ 41,500 -RRB- . The unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino 's three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland . But the 74-year-old actor , who has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades , is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion . Die-hard fans of actor Al Pacino can fly on a private jet with him from Glasgow to London for £ 25,000 . Event Travel , which is offering the five-figure ticket package , declined to say whether anyone has paid for a spot on the private jet , which will fly from Glasgow to London . Most commercial flights on the same route last roughly 80 minutes . According to an online itinerary , the package includes a commercial flight ticket from any UK airport to Glasgow , plus a ticket to Pacino 's show in the Scottish city on May 19 . The VIP package , priced from £ 25,000 or $ 41,555 per person , includes : . Up to two hardcore fans will then fly from Glasgow to London with Pacino on his entourage after the show , giving them the perfect opportunity to corner the actor and question about his roles as Tony Montana in the cult film Scarface , Michael Corleone in The Godfather trilogy , or his Academy Award-winning performance in Scent of a Woman . Dubbed ` The Amazing Experience ' , it also includes three nights in a five-star hotel in London , transfers and a ticket to the actor 's May 22 show at the Hammersmith Apollo . Pacino fans who find the price too steep can opt for ` The Unique Experience ' , which allows them to eat lunch with the actor at his hotel before the London show , for £ 7,500 -LRB- $ 12,000 -RRB- . If that is too pricey , fans can buy a £ 2,500 -LRB- $ 4,150 -RRB- ticket package that includes about 20 minutes of alone time with Pacino in his dressing room , or they can spend £ 650 -LRB- $ 1,080 -RRB- for a group meet and greet . Actor Al Pacino arrives with Camila Sola -LRB- left -RRB- and Lucila Sola for a screening of the film Manglehorn in 2014 . The speaking series , ` An Evening with Pacino ' , is being marketed as ` an exceptional opportunity to catch an icon in the flesh ' . Organisers are promising never-before-heard stories and never-before-seen video clips , plus a chance to ask questions . It follows a sold-out event at the Palladium in 2013 .