They say the couple who trains together , stays together - and that 's certainly the case for super fit Ali Gordon and his girlfriend , Lydia Millen . In fact , this gorgeous twosome , who met on Instagram and live in Milton Keynes , could easily be contenders for the UK 's fittest couple . Especially after Ali , 26 , helped to teach his girlfriend - who works as a full-time blogger - how to train hard and eat clean , getting her to ditch her unhealthy habits and focus on getting fit . Scroll down for video . Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he liked one of her pictures , the pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the UK 's fittest couple . Lydia , 27 , explained : ` I was so unhealthy -LSB- before I met Ali -RSB- . I smoked up to 20 cigarettes a day , binge drank at weekends and my diet was just awful I did n't have a clue and was majorly under eating . ` I saw that Ali looked at his body a completely different way than I did and I almost felt a little jealous , I wanted to look at mine that way . ` So he started schooling me on training , nutrition and I fell in love with the lifestyle . I 've now been smoke free for two years and I ca n't remember the last time I had a drink . ' The couple met two years ago after Ali ` liked ' one of Lydia 's Instagram pictures . Both of them have large followings on the site with Lydia boasting 194,000 followers and Ali has 109,000 . The pair quickly got chatting , and after meeting at a party , ended up moving in together . Lydia and Ali both have large followings on Instagram and keep their fans updated with pictures of themselves . Lydia shared this sweet snap of her and her boyfriend on Instagram as the pair enjoyed a day together . Ali had started training seven years ago . He said : ` I was coached into fitness by my friends one Easter weekend back in 2008 and I have n't looked back since . ` It brings me so much energy and I feel so much better in myself for smashing out a gym session . ' He continued : ` When I first met Lydia she did n't lead the healthiest of lifestyles mainly due to a lack of guidance . ` I think it 's so easy for people to assume starving yourself of food is the best way to stay slim when in fact more of the right food is more important due to the importance of health inside and out . ` After a few conversations , we soon had her hitting the gym and eating on regular intervals she seems so much more satisfied now she is eating more than one meal per day . ' Lydia and Ali show off their impressive muscles as they have an arm wrestle in the gum . Lydia is a full time blogger , she often shares pictures of her stylish outfits with her Instagram fans . And Ali , who is an ambassador for PhD Nutrition -- a range of sports nutrition products - explained that helping Lydia train is n't about making her a ` better looking ' person . He said : ` I think looking good and feeling good for yourself is the most important thing . ` Of course I love having a partner with a killer body , however , her happiness is more important than my ideal . ` So if Lydia decided fitness was n't her thing and wanted to lay off the intensity , I would be cool with that she would still be the same Lydia I know . ' Lydia explained that the couple first got in contact after Ali ` liked ' one of her photographs on Instagram . Ali and Lydia pose in their work out gear , the couple say they do n't always train together but they do enjoy an abs session once in a while . She said : ` Ali 's friend showed him a picture of a girl that I 'm friends with and he found a picture of me with her on her Instagram and went onto my page . ` He liked a picture of my iPad mini -LRB- yes I still remember -RRB- and when I saw his picture I was instantly intrigued so I followed him . ` Then he found me on Twitter and we started direct messaging there . As for love at first like , the attraction was definitely instant and I followed him straight back but in actual fact we did n't get into an official relationship for about four months after . ' Ali said that after chatting on the social media site the pair arranged to meet up at a party that weekend after realising that they had friends in common . Ali said : ` Even though we lived an hour apart we had quite a few mutual friends unbeknownst until we began talking . ` So within the week Lydia was heading up to my city for a friends party and asked me to come and join for the celebrations , so it was really nice relaxed and easy way to meet for the first time . ' Ali posted this cute picture of him and Lydia both wearing their exercise gear on his Instagram . Lydia , who is an ambassador for PhD Woman , said that the pair will train together sometimes , often enjoying an ab workout together . She said : ` We do -LSB- train together -RSB- but not all the time because he trains so differently to me as our goals are different . ` He wants to put on muscle mass and lose body fat whereas I 'm just training to stay slim and healthy so sometimes it 's just best that he trains with his friends . ` Although we do enjoy an abs session together . It 's good to have a gym buddy ! Ali continued : ` We love an ab circuit . Lydia really puts me through my paces , abs are n't my strong hold . ` When it comes to other body parts we tend to split up as my training style does n't match Lydia 's , it 's nice to be in the gym together though she rocks a gym outfit very well . ' Lydia will often share her fashion finds with her Instagram followers , whilst Ali poses on some steps . Ali and Lydia both admit that sometimes it 's hard to get yourself to the gym but they train hair to keep themselves in shape . But the couple are n't immune to having off days . Lydia said : ` Sometimes you can even have an `` off month '' but for me it 's all part of the process , some days will be better than others and that 's natural . ` Just as long as you get back on and keep going , do n't give up . I also like to pin pictures of Victoria 's Secret models to the wall in my office , that always helps ! She continued : ` I 'd be lying if it did n't take a lot of work , knowledge and motivation . ` Knowing what to put in your body as well as knowing what to do with your body is just as important . As well as prepping meals for the week , I also take nutrition supplements from PhD woman . ' Ali said : ` The days you feel weakest and have zero motivation are the days that you need to show your true strength push through the boundaries and work your a *** off , the feeling after finishing is just as much if not more satisfying as any other . '