Most teens would be mortified to have a parent chaperone their prom - let alone take one of them as a date . But not Joy Webb . The 17-year-old Albertville , Alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend . Webb told Daily Mail Online that she asked her 80-year-old ` Poppa ' James Drain to prom because he never got to attend the dance himself . Drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the Korea War . Scroll down for video . Not your typical prom date : Joy Webb -LRB- left -RRB- took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain as her date to prom this past Saturday night . Celebrating their first prom together : Webb -LRB- left -RRB- told Daily Mail Online that she decided to bring her grandfather since he never got to attend his own prom . Drain -LRB- right -RRB- enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened . ` I think prom is kind of a big thing for everybody . Most everybody remembers going to their prom and I wanted him to have that experience too , ' Joy told Daily Mail Online . So Joy asked her principal for permission , and he agreed to make an exception for the 21 age limit . About a month ago , when her grandfather was over for dinner , Joy asked if he would be her date and he agreed . ` She said `` I would love that ! You 're the one I wanted ! Hey , will you come to the prom with me and be my beau ? '' And I said I sure will ! ' Drain told WHNT about the sweet promposal . Like most prom nights , the festivities kicked off at Joy 's house where she pinned a boutonniere on her Poppa and he wrapped a corsage around her wrist . They then took pictures in front of the house in their evening wear , marking another first for Drain who has never worn a tuxedo . Getting ready : On Saturday night , Drain came over to his granddaughter 's house and the two swapped a boutonniere and corsage for the event . Prom pictures : Then , like typical prom dates , the two posted for pictures outside Joy 's house in their evening wear . Family photo : After having a pre-prom dinner , Joy and her grandfather went on a horse and carriage ride around town . Drain then escorted his granddaughter to Mater 's restaurant for prom dinner , where he had a special surprise waiting for the granddaughter he calls ` Princess ' . After finishing their meal , the two took a horse and carriage ride around the town before dropping them off at the school for the dance . ` We were the first ones on the dance floor because my poppa loves to dance , ' Joy said . Joy says her grandfather and grandmother used to go dancing all the time , but that they had to stop a few years ago when her grandmother got sick . Her grandmother died two years ago on Thanksgiving , and Joy says her grandfather now commutes to a senior center in a nearby town ever Friday night to dance . ` He inspires us to keep living no matter what happens , ' Joy said . Drain was apparently the life of the party at the prom , with Joy 's friends coming over to say high to and dance with the man they so often see at show choir and band concerts . Life of the party : Joy says her friends were excited when they learned that she would be bringing her ` Poppa ' to prom . Pictured Joy pictured above with friends in pictures posted to Facebook -LRB- center in left image , right in right image -RRB- . ` All my friends know him and everybody just loves him . When they found out that I was bringing him they were all like `` Yes , I love your Poppa ! '' ` It was a great night . Once everyone else kind of left , we were literally the only people left and they started playing Elvis and ` The Twist ' and we kept on dancing until they finally turned the lights on . ` It was just a fabulous night . ' Joy says her grandfather had a great time and even asked if they could go again together next year . ` And I was like `` Of course we are ! '' '