As the pictures surfaced of Gwyneth Paltrow on holiday with her estranged husband Chris Martin earlier today , jaws dropped at the actress 's super-toned figure . The star is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise and it continues to pay off - at 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age . Gwyneth is n't alone in this new attitude to life past the age of forty - a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever . Scroll down for video . Gwyneth Paltrow on holiday with Chris Martin in Puerto Vallarta , Mexico , last month . Marysia Broadway bikini top . Check out the brand at Revolve . Visit site . Gwyneth Paltrow shows her enviable beach bod in a Marysia scallop edged black teeny bikini . When you work so hard for such results , you 'd do the same . Marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009 . She 's quickly gained a cult following with celebs like Lupita Nyong ' o and Rachel Bilson spotted wearing her feminine and whimsical pieces . Throw on a pair of sheer The Row palazzo pants and we envision you walking on the boardwalk of Monaco or South Hamptons ' Main street . The black bikini is a classic must-have item in every woman 's wardrobe and will be a timeless investment . The scalloped detail is something we ca n't say no to since it 's just the perfect amount of girlishness and minimalism . GOOP and us totally approve . Check out Revolve -LRB- right -RRB- for more of Marysia styles or if you 're looking for something more affordable , we 've got you covered in all the right places with our edit below . Victoria 's Secret scalloped bikini top . Visit site . Aquascutum Bikini from Yoox.com . Visit site . Marysia evil bikini at Net A Porter . Visit site . Topshop black triangle bikini top . Visit site . Kore Swim Pax Nylon Blend Bikini top from fwd.com . Visit site . While the onset of middle age used to happen as soon as a ' 4 ' was added to the front of your yearly tally , nowadays , stars are proving that they can still turn heads in skimpy swimwear . Celebrities including Halle Berry , Gwen Stefani , Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell all have figures that would n't look out of place on a 25 year old . These women all pay a high price for their svelte frames though , with nights on the wine with girlfriends and a takeaway pizza on a Friday evening unlikely to feature on their To Do list . FEMAIL has rounded up some of the best bikini bodies in Hollywood ... Gwen Stefani , 45 , shows no sign of being a mother of three . Heidi Klum is 41 but has the body of a 25 year old . Jennifer Lopez , 45 , shows off her toned figure on holiday . Sofía Vergara , 42 , has a very toned figure , although her tan lines would have ended up looking very odd after this day at the beach . Halle Berry ,48 , has a figure that defies the laws of biology . Cindy Crawford , 48 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Courteney Cox , 50 , -LRB- right -RRB- can both rock a skimpy bikini . Jada Pinkett Smith , 43 , could make women half her age green with envy . Naomi Campbell , 44 , -LRB- left -RRB- still has a supermodel figure , while Heather Graham , 45 , -LRB- right -RRB- looks just as she did in the 1997 film Boogie Nights . Baywatch star Carmen Electra , 42 , still looks as at home on the beach as she did 20 years ago . Helena Christensen , 46 , can still pull off a string bikini that many women in their twenties would struggle with .