Ever since Pippa Middleton and Kim Sears stepped out armed with their trusty Aspinal of London handbags , they have fast became the season 's must-have arm candy . But if the Marylebone tote 's super slick design and clutch of celebrity fans was n't enough , it just got better . The British brand has called on international style icon Olivia Palermo to design a limited edition handbag . Olivia Palermo , who found fame on reality TV show The City , has teamed up with luxury British brand Aspinal of London to design a tote . Aspianal of London Olivia Palermo limited edition Marylebone tote . Limited edition - hurry up ! Visit site . With Pippa Middleton and Victoria Beckham both being long term devotees , Aspinal of London handbags have been on our sartorial radar for a while now . But the British heritage brand has stepped up its game a notch for its latest venture , a collaboration with one of our favourite fashionistas , Olivia Palermo . Let us introduce you to the ` Tech Tote ' , a fusion of technology and style , this patent leather mock croc handbag in a rich chocolate brown comes with a built in phone / tablet charger - how genius is that ?! What 's more , all of the profits of the sale of this handbag go to ADCAM , a charity that works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility initiative - click right to get yours now . But you best be quick as this is a limited edition piece and is sure to be a sell-out ! Del Mano Large Faux Crocodile Tote at Amazon . Visit site . Tignanello Houston Street Leather Croco Shopper at Macy 's -LRB- now $ 113.40 -RRB- . Visit site . -LRB- No reviews -RRB- Be the first to WRITE A REVIEW DETAILS SHIPPING INFO NEED HELP ? From the Dahlia Melbourne Collection . A roomy silhouette made from sumptuous exotic embossed leather . Adjustable double handles , about 9 '' to 11 '' Top zip closure One outer open pocket One tassel accent Protective metal feet Two inner zip pockets Two inner open pockets Two pencil/pen loops One key clip Lined 12 '' W x 10 '' H x 5 '' D Leather Lining : polyester/cotton Imported SHOW MORE WEB ID # : 0170-L15151 ADD TO WISH LIST ONLINE CHAT $ 255.00 SELECT COLOR : Pecan Black Dahlia Pecan SIZE : One Size One Size QUANTITY ADD TO BAG free 2-day shipping & free returns learn more | sign in . Visit site . Brahmin Melbourne large duxbury satchel at Nordstrom . Visit site . The fashionista , who found fame on The City , has created a Marylebone TechTote , which features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf , complete with a dusty pink suede lining and gold hardware . Catering to busy women on the go - like Olivia herself - the tote features an integral juice pack and cable paths so you can charge your phone and tablet on the move . The bag contains a built-in high-capacity battery that claims to recharge your poor energy-sapped phone whilst stylishly concealing any of the wires . But if you want to snap up Olivia 's style , you better move quickly because there 's only 30 in existence . Olivia 's £ 995 Marylebone TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf , complete with a dusty pink suede lining and gold hardware - and even comes with a built-in phone charger . Proving that she 's as charitable as she is chic , 100 per cent of the sales of the £ 995 tote will go to ADCAM , a charity that works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility initiatives . Olivia , who is a long-time supporter of ADCAM , said : ` Working with Aspinal and having them lend their support to ADCAM a charity whose initiative I support has been a stylish and meaningful experience . ' She 's a globally renowned style icon and recently designed her own footwear collection for Aquazzura so it 's hardly surprising that Olivia is considering her own fashion range . Last year , the stylish 28-year-old , pictured , left , at the Sentebale Royal Salute Polo Cup and , right , at London Fashion Week , admitted that she has accounted for a label in her ten year plan . The stylish star , who shot to fame on MTV 's The City , has hinted at plans to make a foray into designing . In an interview last year with The Edit , Net-a-Porter 's online magazine , the 28-year-old admitted that she has accounted for a label in her ten year plan . ` I would love to start my own -LSB- fashion -RSB- house but it 's not the right time . I feel like I can do it in stages and when the timing is right to do it , then I will , ' she revealed . And she 's had plenty of practice ; Palermo has already designed a footwear collection , modelled for some of fashion 's biggest names and has been managing her own website since 2011 . Kim Sears , left , has been spotted carrying the £ 1,395 Marylebone tote in Ivory Saffiano and Mouse Python at Wimbledon . Pippa , meanwhile , favours the £ 795 monochrome version , right . Kim Sears , the queen of courtside fashion , has been spotted carrying the £ 1,395 Marylebone Tote in Ivory Saffiano and Mouse Python while at Wimbledon . Pippa , meanwhile , favours the £ 795 monochrome or £ 750 Deer Saffiano versions . Other famous fans of the luxury British brand include Millie Mackintosh , who is often spotted with her Marylebone tote , as well as Amanda Holden , and Mollie King , who has a satchel named after her . Millie Mackintosh and Mollie King are fans of Aspinal - Mollie even has a satchel -LRB- pictured right -RRB- named after her .