The heartbroken mother of Becky Watts has spoken of her fear of coming face-to-face with Anje Galsworthy - whose son is accused of the teenager 's murder . Tania Watts is likely to see her at Becky 's funeral , as Ms Galsworthy was also stepmother to the 16-year-old . Speaking to ITV today , Ms Watts spoke of the ` hell ' she has endured since the murder , adding : ` I 'm still in the back of my mind not accepting ... that I 'm not going to see her . ' Murdered : The body parts of Becky Watts , 16 , were found at house in Bristol on March 2 and police charged her stepbrother , Nathan Matthews , 28 , with murder . Dreading meeting : Becky 's heartbroken mother Tani Watts said she fears coming face-to-face with Anjie Galsworthy , -LRB- pictured with Becky 's father Darren -RRB- whose son is accused of the teenager 's murder . Becky , 16 , vanished from her father 's family home in Crown Hill , Bristol , on February 19 , sparking a huge search operation . Police discovered her body parts at a house in Barton Hill , Bristol , on March 2 and charged her stepbrother , Nathan Matthews , 28 , with murder . In an ITV interview , Ms Watts described her daughter as a ` caring , normal , happy , lovely girl ' . She said : ` She made you feel alive . Everyone loved her . Knowing it 's happened , it 's like you are talking about someone else 's kid . ` You should n't have to bury a child . There are a lot of people on this Earth who do n't deserve to be here but Becky was not one of them . ` She should be here . ' Accused : Becky 's stepbrother Nathan Matthews is set to go on trial for the 16-year-old 's murder . Mr Matthews is pictured in fancy dress alongside his girlfriend Shauna Hoare , who is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police . Becky grew up with her parents - mother Ms Watts and father Darren Galsworthy - living in separate homes but often tried to bring them together . Ms Watts added : ` That was her aim to make sure we all got on and this is why it was so upsetting because she succeeded in that . ` The one person who was so loyal , so caring and loved us all equally has now gone . ' Ms Watts said her daughter was a regular guest at her home , visiting twice a week or so depending on her busy social life . ` She had some hard times in the past , she was very insecure , unconfident , but she got her confidence back and she got a bit of fight in her , ' she said . Ms Watts can not comprehend how , Nathan Matthews , the man accused of her daughter 's murder comes from within the 16 year old 's home - and she is understandably nervous about seeing his mother , Ms Galsworthy . Becky 's family home - where she lived with Mr and Mrs Galsworthy - has been the subject of forensic searches since she was reported missing on February 20 . Police launched a huge search operation , which included a social media campaign , using the hashtag ` FindBecky ' . Anjie and Darren Galsworthy are pictured speaking in a video appeal one week after the 16-year-old 's disappearance . A house in Barton Court , Bristol , is cordoned off on March 3 after police discovered the body parts of murdered Becky . Bouquets , teddies and cards have been left at the family home , as well as at Barton Court where her body parts were found . Two online fundraising pages have also raised more than £ 11,000 , which will pay for Becky 's funeral and a foundation in her memory . Mr Matthews , of Warmley , South Gloucestershire , appeared at Bristol Crown Court on March 26 , along with five others charged in connection with the death . His girlfriend , Shauna Hoare , 21 , of Cotton Mill Lane , Bristol , is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police . Jaydene Parsons , 23 , James Ireland , and Karl and Donovan Demetrius , both 29 , are accused of helping dispose of and conceal Becky 's body parts . A plea hearing has been set for August 4 , with a provisional trial date of October 5 . All six defendants have been remanded in custody . Becky -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with her best friend Courtney Bicker , vanished from her father 's family home in Crown Hill , Bristol , on February 19 , sparking a huge search operation . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .