Rival clubs claim QPR , facing Football League fines of up to £ 50million for multiple breaches of financial fair play regulations , are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of the discussions . Football League board member Jim Rodwell 's departure from Notts County to become chief executive of Scunthorpe has created the need for an election for a League One representative as Rodwell can not automatically keep his place . League One clubs have been informed that there are two nominations for the vacant seat -- Rodwell and former Manchester United director Maurice Watkins , now chairman of Barnsley . Tony Fernandes , owner of QPR , wants to avoid fines of up to £ 50million for Financial Fair Play breaches . Maurice Watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm represents QPR over their considerable FFP troubles . QPR are 19th in the Premier League , four points away from escaping the relegation zone . Watkins is a sports lawyer and his firm Brabners are representing QPR over their considerable FFP troubles . Clubs believe that having Watkins on the Football League board , where FFP is the hot topic , would be helpful for QPR and a massive conflict of interests . However , the highly-respected Watkins , who has a number of sporting directorships including British Swimming and Lancashire County Cricket Club , dismissed the conspiracy theory as ` wholly ludicrous ' . Raheem Sterling 's stand-off with Liverpool over a new contract is not just to do with him . It will suit Sterling 's representative Aidy Ward , who split with Rob Segal 's Impact Sports Management to set up on his own earlier this season , if any new deal is delayed until his parting from Segal has been finalised . Aidy Ward -LRB- left -RRB- is Raheem Sterling 's agent and is a key player in his contract negotiations with Liverpool . Raheem Sterling -LRB- left -RRB- pictured with Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers -LRB- right -RRB- at Liverpool training . The five former England managers who signed the letter supporting Greg Dyke 's homegrown players ' campaign had nothing to do with writing the missive . It was the work of the FA 's support agency on the issue , Milltown Partners . Certainly , Sven Goran Eriksson and Kevin Keegan did nothing for the homegrown situation when club managers -- Keegan even shut down Newcastle reserves . Greg Dyke , the Football Association chairman , wants to more homegrown players playing in England . Kevin Keegan 's name is one of five former England managers to sign a letter supporting Dyke 's idea . However , Milltown are at least helping the FA fight the PR battle toe-to-toe against the all-powerful Premier League , who ironically have used Milltown for crisis management advice in the past . England cricket head coach Peter Moores ' considerable good fortune at surviving such a World Cup humiliation extends to the ECB board meeting reviewing that debacle being next Thursday . By then Moores will be preparing for the first Test against West Indies starting four days later . England cricket head coach Peter Moores -LRB- right -RRB- will soon begin a review into England 's World Cup failure . Moores -LRB- left -RRB- oversaw England 's humiliating group stage exit from the Cricket World Cup . If the postmortem had occurred earlier it is difficult to see how Moores could still be in charge . The breakdown in the relationship between the FA and England Supporters Travel Club led to the offensive chants during England 's 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday . The tasteless repertoire of songs ran from ` F *** the IRA ' , to ` F *** the Taliban ' to ` F *** the English FA ' -- the last one due to the huge discontent over the decision to switch double loyalty caps from away trips to home games at Wembley . Those with most caps get priority when buying tickets for big games . The Football Supporters Federation , despite putting out a statement yesterday reaffirming its opposition to abusive chanting , believe it is inevitable that the songs -- and the World War Two favourites -- will be sung when England play the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on June 7 . There were offensive chants made by England fans during the game against Italy in Turin on Tuesday - there is no suggestion the fans pictured were involved . England 's next international is against Ireland and takes place in Dublin on June 7 . The FSF are in no mood to work with the FA because of the caps dispute and claim that , having taken legal advice , anti-IRA and WW2 songs are not law-breaking and that the FA showed no interest when the FSF first tackled England fans singing offensive songs in 2005 . The FA regard loyalty caps and abusive chanting as two separate issues . Staging Rugby World Cup games at Leicester City 's King Power Stadium rather than the sport 's Welford Road stronghold continues to be a problem for organisers . The loyal Leicester rugby public want little to do with their football neighbours , whose three group fixtures are a long way from being sold out . Radio 5 Live 's loveable football commentator Alan Green was not happy at being asked to pay city tax on checking out of Turin 's Hotel Carlina after the England game . Green was overheard at reception moaning it was BBC 's responsibility to settle the bill and not his . But Green eventually had to cough up ... all of seven euros . Alan Green -LRB- left -RRB- was allegedly upset at being asked to pay city tax leaving Turin after England played .