Jacques Burger encapsulates all the values rugby union 's marketing people love to espouse . Fiercely loyal , brave beyond words , strong and dedicated . At Saracens , who take on Racing Metro in Paris on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final , the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game . With a face left battered and bruised by years of punishment , Burger is the man you want on your team . ` I change into something else when I play rugby , my personality changes , ' said Burger . ` When I step off the pitch I will be somebody else again . It is pretty weird . You go out there and do your job then you step off and pick up your kids and you are soft again . When it is time to go , there is a switch that turns you on for a big match . Saracens ace Jacques Burger looks to get to grips with Harlequins Marland Yarde . Burger of Saracens tackles Harlequins ace Chris Robshaw in the Aviva Premiership match . ` My dad always says he does n't want to die a healthy man . I do n't want to go down healthy . Hopefully there 'll be a bit of wear and tear . I 'm happy to crack on and give 100 per cent every time I get the opportunity . ' Therein lies the challenge facing rugby today . For all we love about these young men who risk serious injury every week in order to entertain us , are the risks becoming too great ? Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall described Burger as ` unique among rugby players ' , praising his willingness to ignore risks to his own wellbeing . Burger and Schalk Brits of Saracens tackle Damien Chouly of ASM Clermont Auvergne . Burger bursts through to score a try during the Aviva Premiership match between Saracens and Harlequins . His continued presence on a rugby field is something of a miracle after undergoing pioneering knee surgery in South Africa more than three years ago which a British specialist refused to carry out because he considered it too extreme . At the very least he will need a full knee replacement in the not-too-distant future . ` I feel massively blessed , ' said the 31-year-old Namibian farmer 's son from Windhoek . ` I never thought I 'd have come back and played so many games after the surgery . I went through a lot of pain . ` The physio says I 'm a bit like Benjamin Button . I 'm going back in time and healing up again . I will probably regret it after rugby when I 'm sitting at home having to do some work . But that 's for the future . I 'll worry about that when I get there . ' Sitiveni Sivivatu is tackled by Burger and Kelly Brown during the Heineken Cup semi final . But while he can be very cavalier with his own body , Burger believes players do need to be protected from themselves at times . ` It is annoying for players sometimes because you want to crack on and keep playing . But players ' health after rugby has to be the No 1 priority because it is such a short amount of rugby you play in your life . ' The 31-year-old will run out against Racing Metro on Sunday off the back of a performance against Harlequins at Wembley last Saturday that McCall believes was his best since the astonishing man-of-the-match display he produced against Clermont Auvergne in last year 's European semi-final . ` It 's going to take a big game to bring it home , ' said Burger . ` The European knockout stages is when you get tested . That 's when some guys become stars and I 'm up for that . '