Supernan : Eileen Mason , 92 , saved her friend from a would-be robber by ramming him with her scooter . A 92-year-old great-grandmother has told of how she saved her 75-year-old friend from a mugger - by ramming him with her mobility scooter . Eileen Mason and Margaret Seabrook had been to a lunch club meeting in Swindon , Wiltshire , when an ` evil looking ' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence . According to the two pensioners , the man initially attempted to get his hands on the contents of Mrs Seabrook 's scooter basket , before grabbing Mrs Mason by the arm and reaching for her carrier bag . However , the would-be robber was soon to regret his action , as Mrs Mason shouted ` Oh , no you do n't , ' and slammed on the accelerator of her scooter . The attacker was knocked to the ground , and the motorised pair sped off into the distance . Speaking after the robbery attempt , the great-grandmothers said they refused to let the ` weasel ' bring them down . Mrs Mason said she had seen the young man 's intention to take the contents of Mrs Seabrook 's basket , before turning on her in an attempt to steal a brand new pair of trousers from her bag . The sprightly 92-year-old says the next few moments were ` a bit of a blur ' and that all she remembers is accelerating her scooter and knocking the man to the ground . Mrs Mason , who has four children , ten grandchildren and 13 great-grandchildren , said : ` I saw him look into my basket and I said ; ` Oh no you do n't ! ' , really loudly . ` I put my scooter into accelerate and turned really fast . The next thing I know he was on the floor . I thought ` my gosh ' . ` I had slowed up because it looked like something was going to happen . He just looked evil , with dark , piercing eyes . ` He came from over my shoulder , caught my arm and pulled me back . ` When he came round the second time , I slammed down on the speed so the scooter went up on to the grass , and when the back end came round it knocked him down . ` He lay there for a moment and then made a quick exit . I have never seen him round here before , and I felt a bit panicky because we did not like the look of him . Heroic ladies : Mrs Mason and her friend Margaret Seabrook , 75 , had been to a lunch club meeting in Swindon , Wiltshire , when an ` evil looking ' man tried to rob them of the contents of their mobility scooter baskets . ` You just do n't think this would happen to you on your way home from lunch club . ` We always go together , and It 's a good thing we did , otherwise it would have been much easier for him . ` I might be old but I 'm still quick . I think the way I shouted probably frightened him . ` The next day I was very shaken . We were lucky , because he could have hit us - if he had been able to catch us . ' Mrs Seabrook , a mother-of-three , who has eight grandchildren and four great-grandchildren , added : ` We came around the corner and he was just stood there by the fence . ` He did n't look right . He had a white baseball cap on his head back to front , which is n't the right way to wear it , and black eyes . ` I heard Eileen shout so I swung around and all I saw was him on the floor . I did n't see his face after that because he ran away so fast . ` If he had got my bag he would have got everything , because all my bank cards were in my purse . We were both very shaken up by it , but we can laugh about it now . Shocking scenes : Mrs Mason shouted ` oh no , you do n't ' and ran over the unidentified attacker , after which he made a swift exit , leaving the two great-grandmothers to speed off on their scooters . Heroine : Mrs Mason said the pair were ` lucky ' to get away from the robbery , which took place on this path in Swindon , Wecause , she says , ` he could have hit us - if he had been able to catch us ' ` We 've been friends for ten years and we are always on our scooters together , nothing like this has happened before . ` I do n't think it 'll happen again now either , I certainly hope not . They were obviously targeting us because they thought we 'd be an easy target - he was wrong . ` After , I took Eileen back to my flat , called the police , and made a cup of tea to calm . ' Eileen added : ` Everyone on Facebook has been going crazy - I ca n't believe it . Everyone has been so supportive of us . We just ca n't believe it all really . ' ` We go to the lunch club every week on our scooters and nothing like this has ever happened before . ` We went through the war and all the bombings . We wo n't let a weasel like that hold us back . ` I would stand up for myself again if I needed to , but hopefully I wo n't need to . We will carry on as normal though , he has n't put us off . ' Wiltshire Police are appealing for any witnesses to the incident , which took place at 1.15 pm , to contact them on 101 .