Gary Field , pictured , was seen at a Ukip event in South Thanet awaiting the arrival of Nigel Farage . Nigel Farage was at the centre of fresh controversy last night after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in the South Thanet constituency . The row started after a group of far-Right supporters calling themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening . They were led by Gary Field , a former regional organiser for the English Defence League , and enjoyed the protection of Ukip 's security teams , which encircled the Broadstairs Pavilion . Mr Field , who has a criminal record for assault , drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers as a crowd waited for Mr Farage 's arrival . Yesterday , Mr Farage 's Labour opponent in South Thanet , Will Scobie , claimed a group of his campaigners had been attacked by National Front members chanting for Ukip in Broadstairs late on Friday . When Mr Farage realised that Mr Field and his supporters had been seen by this newspaper on Friday evening , he moved quickly to disown them , saying : ` Members of an extremist group today arrived at a Ukip public meeting at the same time as a Mail on Sunday camera arrives . ' Mr Farage 's comments triggered a war of words with the patriots group , which immediately posted a message saying : ` We went to Ukip meeting with members of Kent NF and after the meeting Nigel Farage went on Twitter saying we have far right extremists here ... the question is nig , do you want our vote or not ? ' An anti-Ukip campaigner , Bunny La Roche , claims she was followed into a cafe by Mr Field earlier this month after she turned up to protest at a Ukip rally in Margate on April 11 . She has reported him to police for alleged assault after he sprayed Lynx deodorant in her face . Shortly after the incident , Mr Field posted offensive messages about Mr Scobie , writing : ` Will scobie you are a liebour -LSB- sic -RSB- paedo supporting ponse you wo n't beat ukip in south thanet you dirty little scummy traitor . ' He added : ` I have the lynx effect on lefties . ' Gary Field , in the white hat , said he was opposed to the ` stand up to Ukip group ' and the extreme left . Mr Field is a former regional organiser of the EDL and was waiting for Ukip leader Nigel Farage , pictured . Mr Field was tagged in 2013 for breaching a community service order after being found guilty of assault . Mr Field said yesterday : ` I am against Labour and oppose the stand-up to Ukip group . I did spray her -LSB- Bunny -RSB- with deodorant . It was just banter . ` She and her people are on the extreme Left . I am not a member of any political party and I do n't intimidate people . ' A Ukip spokesman said : ` We do n't know who Gary Field is , and therefore we have no responsibility for the actions he takes or the events that he attends . We have made our stance on extremist groups clear . We have no truck with them . End of . '