Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim has reignited his feud with Arsene Wenger by claiming Champions League quarter-final opponents Juventus are by far the better team . Jardim and Wenger fell out at the Emirates when the Arsenal manager refused to shake the hand of the Monaco coach after their stunning 3-1 victory in the second round first leg tie . Arsenal have won their last eight games in the Barclays Premier League and there appears to be a growing feeling in the game that they could mount a title challenge next season . Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim believes are Juventus are a better team than Arsenal . The Ligue 1 boss leads his team out at Juventus Stadium ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League clash . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger upset Jardim by refusing to shake hands during Champions League exit . The Monaco coach claimed Wenger was ` disrespectul ' in the first leg and he could not resist mentioning their victory over Arsenal ahead of their clash with Juve in Turin . Jardim said : ` Juventus are a better team than Arsenal . They are in the quarter-final of the Champions League and deserve to be there . ` Juve are a better team , it 's not complicated . They are top of their league . Monaco players take a light warm-up after arriving in Turin for the first-leg of their quarter-final . Italian defender Andrea Raggi heads the ball during the training session at the Serie A champion 's stadium . Dimitar Berbatov -LRB- top right -RRB- looks on as his team-mates take part in the training session . ` We deserve to be here and we deserve respect . We have quality and we know what a difficult game this will be . ' Jardim 's team survived Arsenal 's second leg onslaught at the Stade Louis II last month , losing 2-0 but managing to progress on the away goals rule . The Monaco coach claimed Wenger was disrespectful in London after goals from Geoffrey Kondogbia , Dimitar Berbatov and Yannick Ferreira Carrasco secured a 3-1 win . Monaco eventually went through on away goals after drawing 3-3 on aggregate , which prompted another outburst from Jardim . He said at the time : ` In the first leg , when I wanted to shake his hand , he did not thank me , so this time even though Arsenal did everything possible to go through , I chose not to thank him . ' Santo Cazorla acknowledges fans as Arsenal chalked up an eighth consecutive victory at the weekend . Juve manager Massimo Allegri will be hoping to prove Jardim 's quotes are correct on Tuesday .