David Light , account director at The Data Partnership , revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people . Data bosses have been caught boasting to the Mail of the underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets . In meetings with our undercover reporters , they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable . And they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls . ` We 're a business at the end of the day , ' one told the Mail . ` If we was -LSB- sic -RSB- to then turn round and say , `` You 're now going to get 30 calls from this company , that company '' , most of the people will probably say , `` I do n't want it '' . Because they know it 's going to be a sales call . ' Various firms offered to sell personal information to the Mail 's undercover team using data from lifestyle surveys completed by people who had been cold-called from overseas . They claimed that calling offshore meant they could disregard the official Telephone Preference Service -LRB- TPS -RRB- -- even though the Information Commissioner 's Office said this was not true . Once they get people on the phone , the call centre workers ask them to complete a lifestyle survey . They start with ` soft ' questions that seem harmless before going into ones about personal finances . While a brief disclaimer is read , bosses admitted victims do not realise answering the questions will lead to dozens of calls from different companies . Scroll down for video . The questions are sponsored by firms looking to target people with specific interests , and answers are sold on . So even if a caller has signed up to the TPS , saying yes to a survey question is seen to override this , giving the companies the green light to cold call them again . An undercover reporter from the Mail met David Light , account director at The Data Partnership -LRB- TDP -RRB- , which has a 60-seater call centre in the Philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in Britain every month . Mr Light 's company has a 60-seater call centre in the Philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in Britain every month . He explained that their tactics include starting with warm questions before going more financial . Asked if he thought people doing surveys understood they would get sales calls as a result he said ` generally I do n't think some people realise that they 're going to get calls ' For 8p a record , Mr Light offered to sell the Mail information on people with pensions who had completed a survey as long as four years ago . He said : ` So at the top you have your typical questions which are nice and easy , warm questions to open up -- what is the age of your TV . ` When you start going more financial -- how much you 're earning , would you like a -LSB- pension -RSB- review -- -LSB- they say -RSB- `` no I 'm not interested . I do n't want any sales calls . No , I 'm going , bye '' . ' Mr Light said any answers given before the call ended were taken as confirmation that the caller was happy to be on marketing lists in future . ` I mean , we 're a business at the end of the day , ' he said . ` When you try and dig into people 's lifestyles or try to find out information -- with all that goes on with credit card fraud and identity theft -- people are a little bit reserved to give out certain information . ' So questions about finance were left to later in the call , he explained . Asked if he thought people doing the surveys understood they would get sales calls as a result , he said : ` If I 'm honest , and I 'm always honest , generally I think some people do n't realise that they 're going to get calls . ' Mr Light said his firm try to get round the no-call list by ringing mobiles -- which few realise can be on the TPS -- and by calling from abroad . ` The problem we 're having now , a lot of it might be on the TPS register . Hence why when we call out offshore , ' he said . ` Certain companies will say to us , `` Can you run it against the TPS file and tell us what you 've got which is non-TPS ? '' OK , fine . But the volumes will drop drastically . ' Asked how the firm gets away with calling people registered with the TPS , he said : ` Because it 's offshore . ' He claimed , wrongly , the Information Commissioner 's Office -LRB- ICO -RRB- regulations govern only calls within the UK . For 8p a record , Mr Light offered to sell the Mail information on people with pensions who had completed a survey as long as four years ago . The Data Partnership is run by John Pooley , 38 , and his wife Victoria , 35 , who claim they are the ` good guys ' in ` an industry rife with cowboys ' . They started more than a decade ago from a garage in Chelmsford before turning it into a firm with a turnover of more than £ 2million . A spokesman said : ` We strongly refute any allegations which suggest TDP is in any way contravening the law or any recognised code of practice . Respondents to our telephone-based surveys are informed from the outset that our surveys are being carried out for marketing purposes . They are not for market research . If respondents `` opt-in '' they clearly expect to receive calls and be contacted again . ' Data firm Communication Avenue also admitted calling names on the TPS register from call centres in the Philippines , India and South Africa . Account manager Byron Highfield told us : ` If you 're wanting to sponsor a question then no , we would n't TPS it , because we have their name and they asked if they 're interested in receiving a call back . ' Communication Avenue is owned by Philip and Charlotte Lightfoot and is a rebranding of Phruit , which was suspended by the Direct Marketing Association in 2011 for calling people on the TPS and selling under the guise of research . The Data Partnership has strongly refuted allegations suggesting it is contravening the law or any recognised code of practice . The firm said it does not own offshore call centres but buys survey data from other firms , including The Data Partnership . Mr Lightfoot said : ` Communication Avenue takes compliance very seriously . ' Steve Eckersley , the ICO 's head of enforcement , said : ` Organisations can not get around the law by pretending to conduct market or lifestyle research . Market research should be just that -- market research without the intention of passing on people 's details . Using a foreign call centre does not get you out of your commitments to consumers . ' David Light said callers start with ` soft ' questions like ` how old is your main TV in you property ' Data Partnership 's David Light boasted to a Mail undercover reporter of the tactics used by his firm to coax information from people it cold calls . ` When you try and dig into people 's lifestyles or try to find out information -- with all that goes on with credit card fraud and identity theft -- people are a little bit reserved to give out certain information . ` Like if you was to call me and say , `` What 's your household income ? '' , I do n't wish to answer that . I do n't want to tell you what I 'm earning . Because , I do n't know , you could be some lucrative crime gang , know where I live , know I earn over £ 50k a year , and you think right , well if he 's earning more than £ 50k a year , he 's probably going to have a nice car , he 's probably going to have some nice valuables in there . ` So we find that when you get to them sort of questions , we leave them to the bottom of the survey . So at the top you have your typical questions which are nice and easy , warm questions to open up -- How old is your main TV in your property ? Is it less than one year , one to five years or five years plus ? Which newspaper do you read ? Do you have Sky through a satellite dish ? Yes ? OK , when 's your household insurance up for renewal ? What month only . So soft questions . ` When you start going more financial -- how much you 're earning , would you like a -LSB- pension -RSB- review ? -- -LSB- they say -RSB- `` No I 'm not interested . I do n't want any sales calls . No , I 'm going , bye '' . They put the phone down . So we 've only got the opt in for them answers what they 've opted in . ` If I 'm honest , and I 'm always honest , generally I think some people do n't realise that they 're going to get calls . I mean , we 're a business at the end of the day . If you go , `` You 're going to get 30 calls on the back of this '' , you 're going to get a consumer going , `` I do n't want to tell you any information '' . It 's natural , it 's human nature . ` If we was to then turn round and say at the end of the survey call , `` Right you 're now going to get 30 calls from this company , that company '' , most of the people will probably say , `` I do n't want it '' . ` Nine times out of ten they 'll probably say , `` No I do n't want to be contacted by that company '' because they know it 's going to be a sales call . '