Holy smokes ! Researchers found the bombardier beetle -LRB- pictured -RRB- mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal ` reaction chamber ' A beetle with a machine gun built into its rear end sounds like something from a comic or sci-fi film - or the stuff of nightmares . But researchers have discovered the Bombardier beetle mimics this powerful weapon by mixing chemicals in an internal ` reaction chamber ' in its stomach . When threatened , the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear , complete with ` gun smoke ' . It can even precisely aim the nozzle at the attacker . This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the University of Arizona . Many beetles secrete foul-smelling or bad-tasting chemicals from their abdomens to ward off predators , but bombardier beetles take it a step further . When threatened , they combine chemicals in an explosive chamber in their abdomen to simultaneously heat and propel their defensive load as a boiling hot spray . Assistant Professor Moore , from the Department of Entomology at the university , has published a paper along with her team that not only reveals the beetle 's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail , but also solves a long-standing mystery of how the animals achieve their incredible rapid-fire capabilities . ` Understanding how these beetles produce - and survive - repetitive explosions could provide new design principles for technologies such as blast mitigation and propulsion , ' she said . The study was led by doctoral student Eric Arndt and Christine Ortiz in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology -LRB- MIT -RRB- in Cambridge . Arndt and Ortiz teamed up with Professor Moore to study the anatomy of the beetle 's reaction chamber , which is constructed of cuticle , a composite of chitin , proteins and waxes . The material , which also makes up the exoskeleton of insects , protects the beetle from the toxic chemicals , high temperatures and high pressures during explosions . A real hot shot ! The research , including video footage -LRB- shown above -RRB- not only reveals the beetle 's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail , but also solves a long-standing mystery of how the bugs achieve their rapid-fire capabilities . The mechanism of the bombardier beetle 's spray pulsation had not been understood because previous studies , relying on external observations , could not probe exactly what happens inside the reaction chamber of the chemical gun . African bombardier beetles can accurately hit targets in any direction . Researchers at Cornell University snapped another type of Bombardier beetle , Stenaptinus insignis ' attack in 1999 , to reveal they use the explosive defensive mechanism to buy time when they are under attack . The beetle is quite vulnerable on the ground because unlike most insects such as bees and flies , it ca n't take off instantly . This means that the slow process of unfurling its wings could cost the insect its life if under attack from ants , for example . So it attacks its attackers in turn , giving it time to get airborne . The spray itself contains p-benzoquinones - compounds known for their irritant properties . The chemicals are stored separately in the creature 's abdomen and then combine explosively , explaining why they are ejected at such high speed and at 100 C. ` Twenty-five years ago , a team of scientists from Cornell University and MIT discovered that each blast from the bombardier beetle is actually a series of extraordinarily fast micro-pulses , ' Assistant Professor Moore said . ` What was n't known is what causes each discharge to be pulsed , like a machine gun . ` Previous researchers suggested that the pulses were caused by muscle contractions or by a fluttering of the exit duct during the explosions . ' Using enzymes that digest muscle and fat , the researchers cleaned the reaction chamber , which enabled them to examine it under a microscope . While studying the shape of the reaction chamber , they noticed that some regions of the chamber wall were thin and not as strong as others , and that one region near the mixing valve looked particularly thin . They predicted that this thin cuticle would be displaced by the force of the reactions in such a way that it would impinge upon the valve - temporarily shutting off the flow of reactants . To investigate this hypothesis , the team directly observed the internal dynamics of spray pulsation in live Brachinus elongatulus beetles , a type of bombardier beetle , which is found throughout southern Arizona . Of 500 beetles , the researchers were able to record 30 discharges from 14 individuals . This was enough to provide high-definition , high-speed video of what happens inside a bombardier beetle 's reaction chamber when it goes off . All guns blazing : ` Twenty-five years ago , a team of scientists from Cornell University and MIT discovered that each blast from the bombardier beetle is actually a series of extraordinarily fast micro-pulses , ' Assistant Professor Moore said , which led to the machine gun analogy . A stock image of a machine gun is shown . It turns out the pulses are generated in a passive way , not through an active process involving muscle contraction , as previously thought . As the chemicals pass through a valve into the reaction chamber , they mix with enzymes and explosively liberate oxygen gas , water vapor and heat , propelling a hot , noxious spray down the nozzle and out the exit pore . Each explosion inside the chamber forces a highly elastic region of the chamber wall - the thin cuticular area Moore found in her earlier dissections - to expand and impinge on the valve that separates the two chambers , temporarily cutting off the flow of reactants and resulting in a pulsed delivery . ` It turns out the expansion membrane of the reaction chamber acts as a passive closure mechanism , which is something that had not been described or even predicted before this study , ' Professor Moore said . ` We also discovered that the chamber 's anatomy varies between female and male beetles . ' While it is still not completely clear why it might be beneficial to the beetle to have a pulsed delivery , she suspects that dividing the spray into very short , rapid pulses allows the beetle to sustain the energy of the blast and its small body size at the same time . ` By having a pulsed delivery , these small beetles produce a relatively large amount of defensive spray , which they can aim precisely and with great force and speed , ' she said . ` This is truly one of the most remarkable and elegant defensive mechanisms documented to date . ' When threatened , the bombardier beetle repeatedly fires streams of liquid from its rear , complete with ` gun smoke ' . The expulsion of fluid is shown in the images above , which come from a 1999 study that found another bug , Stenaptinus insignis , uses its weapon to ` buy time ' when under attack because it ca n't fly away .