If the general election were confined to voting by football fans , it looks like Labour might win by a landslide . Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs ' constituencies . The Conservatives trail some way behind , while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power . So if May 's vote goes the same way as the one in 2010 , Labour would leave their rivals trailing in this alternative election . The Football League 's political colours , based on the party holding each club 's constituency . Ed Miliband -LRB- left -RRB- can claim that 18 of the 20 Premier League clubs are in Labour consituencies ; but Prime Minister David Cameron may be concerned at the Conservatives ' lack of Blues in the top flight . Football has long been hailed as the game the working man enjoys watching from the terraces . Overall , Ed Miliband 's party has MPs in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in England 's top four divisions . David Cameron 's Tories have 29 . Only one club falls into independent hands : Bradford West , which holds Valley Parade , voted Respect leader George Galloway as their MP in a 2012 by-election . At the top table , 18 of the 20 Premier League grounds are in constituencies held by Labour . Only Chelsea , who voted Tory , fittingly blue , and Burnley , where Lib Dems hold sway , are any different . The research , undertaken by Philip Cowley , Professor of Parliamentary Government at Nottingham University , suggests football remains the working man 's game , so long as Labour is the working man 's party . Both Manchester clubs , Liverpool and Arsenal are all located in solid Labour seats . Kate Green , MP for Stretford and Urmston holding Old Trafford , has nearly a 9,000 majority , while Lucy Powell , MP for Manchester Central , the constituency housing the Etihad Stadium , has around a 10,000 majority . Liverpool Walton , encompassing Anfield , is represented by Steve Rotherham , who gained 20,000 more votes than anyone else at the 2010 general election . Steve Rotheram MP -LRB- left -RRB- , of Liverpool Walton , the constituency that contains Liverpool and Raheem Sterling . Chelsea are one of just two Premier League clubs whose constituencies do not fall under Labour control . Greg Hands -LRB- right -RRB- , Conservative MP for Hammersmith and Fulham , is the only Tory MP in a top-flight team 's area . Kate Green -LRB- left -RRB- , MP for Stretford and Urmston , which holds Manchester United 's Old Trafford ground , where Wayne Rooney is captain of the Premier League 's biggest and most successful football club . Five years ago Jeremy Corbyn won Islington North , where the Emirates Stadium is located , with a majority of 12,400 . Chelsea and Fulham , holding both Stamford Bridge and Craven Cottage , voted in Tory Greg Hands with a 16,700 majority . Birmingham Ladywood is the only other constituency home to two clubs , both Birmingham City and Aston Villa . The residents voted Labour by a 10,000 majority in 2010 . Alexis Sanchez -LRB- left -RRB- is the brightest star at Arsenal . Labour 's Jeremy Corbyn is the MP for Islington North . Lucy Powell -LRB- left -RRB- , Labour MP for Manchester Central , can boast that Manchester City is in her constituency . Labour dominate urban areas , so their supremacy on football terms is to be expected . The Tories , with their traditional rural support , are not the natural choice of many living near grounds . Villa fan Cameron 's Whitney seat does not include Oxford United 's Kassam Stadium , for example . That is Labour . Nick Clegg 's Sheffield Hallam does not incorporate Wednesday or United either . They are Labour . Miliband is MP for Doncaster North , but the Keepmoat Stadium falls in Doncaster Central , a Labour stronghold nevertheless .