ALFRED HITCHCOCK . by Peter Ackroyd . -LRB- Chatto & Windus £ 12.99 . With this nutritious , compact and superb critical biography , Ackroyd emphasises the importance of Victorian and Edwardian London in the imagination of Alfred Hitchcock -- the ` damp-looking dirty blackness ' of the East End ; the ` manifold ruffianism ' of the Cockneys ; the pubs , street markets , theatres and music halls , with their ` variety acts , dioramas and Italian operettas ' . Alfred Hitchcock -LRB- pictured -RRB- was born in 1899 in Leytonstone , East London . In addition to the gaudiness , the city was a place with dark staircases , gaslight , rain and spooky cobbled alleys : the ideal setting for murder . Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone , East London , the son of a wholesale grocer . They were a Catholic family , Irish originally , and the boy who would become ` one of the most distinguished directors in the world ' was educated by the Jesuits . The bullying Christian Brothers may have taught ` the virtues of order , control and precision ' , but they also instilled -LRB- with the strap -RRB- a belief in mystery and miracles . The logic and reason , coupled with a mood of anxiety , dread and paranoid suspicion , seeped into Hitchcock 's work : ` He thought everyone was doing something physical and nasty behind every closed door ' . Looking back on his schooldays , he said that , as the Jesuits had frightened him , ` now I 'm getting my own back by terrifying other people ' . Hitchcock was never any oil painting . A 5 ft 7 in Humpty Dumpty , he was the neurotic fat boy with piggy eyes , who was filled with ` lavish and peculiar ' repressed sexual fantasies . His entire oeuvre , Ackroyd suggests , was a study of voyeurism , violence and guilt with , on the one hand , the rape and murder of vulnerable women , and , on the other , the pursuit of a hero accused of crimes he did not commit . His very first work , in 1927 , The Lodger , was about a man wrongly accused of being Jack The Ripper and , already , Hitchcock could whip up an atmosphere of ` doubt and suspense ' , the camera dwelling on ` dark puddles shimmering with opalescent light ' . His opening in movies began at the studios in Islington and Twickenham , where Hitchcock created the captions for silent movies and designed the title cards . Here , he met Alma Reville , whom he married in 1926 . Alma was an editor who ` emphasised the importance of smooth continuity and the subtle use of close-up ' . She was thin and boyish , wearing trouser-suits tailored at Austin Reed , ` the gentlemen 's outfitters ' . The Hitchcocks lived at 153 Cromwell Road and had one daughter , Patricia . Apart from conceiving Patricia , Ackroyd assures us , Hitchcock and Alma never had sex together again . Ackroyd goes into raptures about The Lodger , which starred Ivor Novello . ` The use of light was its music , rising in intensity , in the process creating a unique rhythm of meaning ' . Would Hitchcock have seen it this way ? The shower scene from Hitchcock 's Psycho -LRB- Janet Leigh pictured playing Marion Crane in the film -RRB- is one of the most recognisable shots in cinematic history . When he wrote his granddaughter 's film studies essay for her , he -LRB- or she -RRB- was awarded a C. ` Well , I 'm sorry . That 's the best I can do , ' he said , grumpily . But it never does to ask an artist to explain his own flavour and texture -- it makes for self-consciousness . Such was Hitchcock 's critical and popular success that , by the early Thirties , he was earning £ 13,000 a year -- £ 700,000 in today 's money . His skill was to merge larger-than-life melodramas -- bombs , assassins , enemy agents -- with mundane tasks and anxieties , about catching trains , losing a tie-pin , or -LRB- notoriously -RRB- taking a shower . He moved to Hollywood in 1939 , to make Rebecca with Laurence Olivier . The Hitchcocks bought a house in Bel Air and an 85-acre ranch in Santa Cruz . The brightness of California 's blue pools and red clay tennis courts was in marked contrast to London 's charcoal murk yet , as in his English films , Hitchcock found that , in the sunshine , ` fear became an intrinsic aspect of daily life ' . Cary Grant , Gregory Peck and James Stewart were now his wrongly accused leading men . Kim Novak , Tippi Hedren and Grace Kelly were his ` ideal blonde beauties ' , the women alone , menaced by intruders . Princess Grace , in particular , was described by Hitchcock as ` a volcano covered with snow ' -- with the implication that these ice maidens rather liked being plunged into dangerous situations , because it aroused them . He was respected , but not liked . With the stars , Hitchcock was awkward , even contemptuous , calling them ` cattle ' . Marlene Dietrich called him ` a strange little man . I did n't like him ' , and Hitchcock had an unfortunate fondness for cruel practical jokes -- plying people with drinks laced with laxatives , handcuffing people and losing the key . He also ` had a schoolboy 's obsession with sex that went on and on in a very peculiar way ' , the dirty jokes accompanied by salacious groping . Hitchcock -LRB- pictured with his two granddaughters -RRB- was respected in the industry , but not liked . Marlene Dietrich called him ` a strange little man . I did n't like him ' Then there 's Hitchcock 's clammy behaviour towards Tippi Hedren during the making of The Birds and Marnie -- ` he was almost obsessed with me , ' says the actress , ` and it 's very difficult to be the object of someone 's obsession ' . Ackroyd valiantly tries to defend the director 's control freakery by arguing that Hitchcock was doing nothing worse than deliberately trying to elicit a nervous and terrified performance for the cameras . ' Through provocation and bullying , says Ackroyd , Hitchcock was being professional . It was a strategy . Hmm . I think I prefer Francois Truffaut 's observation that ` Hitchcock filmed scenes of murder as if they were love scenes , and scenes of love as if they were scenes of murder ' . The camera always lingers on faces that could be wracked with either pain or pleasure . -LRB- ` When he sticks it in her , ' he gleefully instructed his cinematographer prior to shooting a rape sequence , ` I want the camera right on her face ! ' -RRB- Victims swoon . Hands grasp a neck -- strangulation is an embrace , for example , in Strangers On A Train or the shocking despatch of Anna Massey in Frenzy . Everybody remembers Psycho , with Anthony Perkins as the ` excitable and sexually ambiguous ' Norman Bates -- a thin version of Hitchcock himself , it seems . In the shower scene , ` chocolate syrup was used for the blood ' . A smashing detail I had n't known before . The audiences screamed to such an extent , Hitchcock pocketed a profit of $ 15 million . In The Birds , gulls and crows were flung at Tippi Hedren in an attic set for five days solid , scratching her to pieces . Live birds were tied to her body with elastic bands , so that they 'd bounce about and flap and perch on her face . ` The actual biting is done by glove puppets , ' Ackroyd maintains . But a lot of those pecks look genuine -- Hitchcock 's revenge , it is said , because Hedren had rejected his advances . Hitchcock died in 1980 from ailments related to obesity and alcoholism : colitis , arthritis , gall stones , renal failure . He 'd done more than anyone since Edgar Allan Poe to make our flesh creep . As usual , the Honours Committee made a fool of itself , only getting around to making him Sir Alfred on his deathbed .