Almost 50 people a year die of skin cancer after being exposed to the sun at work in the UK , research shows . It found nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure . A separate study , also commissioned by the Institution of Occupational Safety and Health , found there was a ` macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry , with two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn or were unsure if they were . The study found there was a ` macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry , with two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoorst hinking they were not at risk . The institution urged businesses to improve ` sun safety ' , for example by minimising workers ' exposure in the middle of the day . More than half -LRB- 59 % -RRB- of those questioned reported having had sunburn - a major contributor to skin cancer - at least once in the last year . Researchers also found a ` macho culture ' in some parts of the industry and misconceptions about the threat of ultraviolet radiation in climates like the UK 's as cloud cover does not give total protection from the sun . The studies ' findings are being published as part of an Institution of Occupational Safety and Health No Time To Lose campaign to beat work-related cancers , with businesses urged to develop ` sun safety strategies ' . It found nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure . The strategies should include regular updates on the UV index from weather forecasts , minimising sun exposure in the middle of the day and asking employees to wear long-sleeved , loose-fitting tops and trousers . While using high-factor sunscreen is helpful it should not be relied on as the only barrier to the harmful rays , employers are advised . IOSH executive director of policy Shelley Frost said : ` We 've a clear picture for the UK now of the number of people diagnosed with or dying from skin cancer because of sun exposure at work . ` It 's a terrible disease but with some simple measures we can ensure people who work outside are not exposed to the solar radiation that causes it . ` Work-related skin cancer is avoidable but businesses and their employees hold the key to beating it and today we are showing them how it can be done . '