A Scottish castle commandeered by Winston Churchill to help prepare troops for the D-Day landings has gone on sale for £ 1.75 million . The 19th century Castle Toward , near Dunoon , was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942 . Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline , the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of British troops . Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs , smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft and clambering up the beach in preparation for the events of June 6 , 1944 , in Normandy . For sale : Castle Toward , near Dunoon , which played a crucial but little-known role in defeating the Nazis , has gone on the market for £ 1.75 m . Training ground : Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline , the castle was used as a training base for D-Day . Danger : The training at the grounds was very realistic and incredibly demanding - many servicemen were killing during exercises . Allied soldiers would spend a week of intensive training at the castle , which included swimming in full kit and daily exercises on the surrounding hills . Brontosaurus was visited by both Churchill and Supreme Allied Commander Lord Mountbatten during this time . The training was so realistic and demanding that many servicemen were killed in accidents . The castle 's rich military history is still clear to see . One room is named after Churchill and the foundations of the huts built to accommodate visiting troops still stand in parts of the grounds . Preparations : The grounds of the 19th century castle on the Cowal Peninsula in Argyll and Bute was used to ready troops for D-Day . Deep waters : Swimming training saw the forces jump off the pier and they then had to wade to shore in full military gear . Army base : Troops were stationed at the castle , where they trained off the coast of Scotland , in preparation for the D-Day landings of 1944 . Camp : With easy access to the sloping shoreline , Castle Toward was a perfect place to train troops in amphibious warfare . Historic : The D-Day landings on June 6 , 1944 , led to the liberation of France from Nazi control , and contributed to an Allied victory in the war . Timings : The Normandy landings were originally scheduled to take place in May - then postponed until June and put off again at the last minute for 24 hours due to bad weather . Across the UK , troops took part in various military exercises in preparation for D-Day . In late 1943 the war cabinet had agreed to the building of an assault training centre on the south Devon coast , and 3,000 civilians in six villages were ordered to leave their homes . The first large training exercises - on the south Devon coast at Slapton Sands -- revealed communications problems , lack of mission comprehension , poor crisis management abilities and a general sense of chaos . On April 28 , 1944 , 749 US soldiers and sailors died after three ships involved in a training exercise were ambushed by German torpedo . Exercise Tiger was one of the biggest full-scale rehearsals before D-day , involving all 23,000 US soldiers who were planning to land on the Normandy beach codenamed Utah . Slapton Sands had been chosen because of its similarity to the French beach . Apart from the Devon and Scotland coastline , training also took place at Camp Gordon Johnston near Carrabelle , Florida . Mr Jepson , of the Combined Operations Association , said the troops stationed at the castle were planning for a return to mainland Europe . He said it was essential the different branches of the forces - army , navy and air - learned to work together for the return to France . He said : ` They had to start from scratch and start planning for the return to France . They started the combined service centres where they planned the actual landings . ` Of course they had very little to start off with . They developed various crafts and weapons . ' Speaking about the conditions for the troops at Brontosaurus , he explained : ` They were under a lot of pressure . Sadly there were a lot of accidents and a lot of people were killed . ` With the ramp down they would jump into what they thought was shallow water and some drowned . ' ` Swimming training would see them jump off the pier and swim to shore in full kit . ' He said the RAF would at times fly over the Scottish beaches dropping bombs and smoke screens . ` It had to be as realistic as possible , ' he said . ` It must have been an amazing site with the landing crafts , ships and tanks coming and going . ' Talking about Castle Toward he said : ` It was ideal where it was . It 's a beautiful building and historically important . ' Castle Toward was built in 1820 by Kirkman Finlay , a former Lord Provost of Glasgow , as his family 's country house . Following its use by the Allied Forces , the estate was bought by the Corporation of Glasgow in 1946 and was used as an educational facility . Its ownership passed to Argyll and Bute Council in 1996 after local government reorganisation and the authority has been trying to sell the estate for the past few years . It has only been put on the open market after plans for a community buyout were rejected by the council after it only offered £ 850,000 . The castle includes 25 bedrooms , six reception rooms and extensive grounds with stunning views over the Cowal peninsula near Dunoon . On the market : The castle , which is being sold by estate agents , Baird Lumsden , contains 12 shower rooms and an observation tower . Historic : The castle offers stunning views over the Cowal peninsula near Dunoon and is set within 125 acres of land . Picturesque : The property enjoys fine views over the Clydeestuary towards the Isles of Bute , Arran and Cumbrae .