Robbie Williams has scaled back plans to revamp his multi-million pound home following a public spat with neighbour Jimmy Page . The 41-year-old star has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house . The Take That singer angered the veteran Led Zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals for the 46-room mansion , which was previously owned by the late film director Michael Winner . Neighbours : The homes of Robbie Williams -LRB- left -RRB- and Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page -LRB- right -RRB- . Williams has submitted fresh plans to extend his mansion having angered the veteran rocker with an earlier proposal . Williams responded by withdrawing the blueprints but has now returned with a fresh set of plans . After ditching the underground extension , the focus now is on the inside of the property , which he bought for £ 17.5 million in 2013 and includes a swimming pool . Williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways . One of the walls earmarked for demolition by the pop star is between his lounge and home cinema . The application reads : ` The proposed alterations have been considered in regard to a holistic programme of contemporary family living that will ensure the long term occupation and appropriate use of the place into the future . ' Scrapped : Pop singer Williams has ditched the proposal for a two-storey super basement extension -LRB- pictured -RRB- under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house . New blueprints : Williams wants to focus instead on the inside of the property , which he bought for £ 17.5 million in 2013 and includes a swimming pool . Spat : Williams -LRB- left -RRB- and Page -LRB- right -RRB- have been locked in a battle not over chart position but instead whether the pop star should get the green light for his plans to expand his mansion . Somewhere to cool off : Williams ' home included a swimming pool when he bought it . He wanted to build a new one in an underground extension but has since backtracked on the idea . Rocker Jimmy Page was upset that building work in Williams ' garden -LRB- pictured -RRB- would cause disruption to the neighbourhood . He claimed the work could damage his property , built in the 1870s by Victorian architect . The plans have been submitted to Kensington and Chelsea Council and also include the demolition and rebuilding of the garage . Williams lives at the property with his wife , U.S. television actress Ayda Field , and their two children . Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page , who lives next door house , hired a team of experts to help him rebuff the couple 's original plans . He claimed the work could damage his property , which was built in the 1870s by Victorian architect William Bruges . Family man : Williams lives with his wife , U.S. television actress Ayda Field , and their two children . The plans submitted to Kensington and Chelsea Council include the demolition and rebuilding of the mansion 's garage . Super basement : This shows how Robbie Williams was previously looking to expand his mansion . Late film director Michael Winner , who died in 2013 , had a home cinema built into the house , which Williams now owns . One of the walls earmarked for demolition by the pop star is between his lounge and home cinema . The Take That star wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways . One of the walls earmarked for demolition is between his lounge and home cinema . Going deeper underground : The previous proposal Williams submitted included an underground extension . High ceilings and old fireplaces can be seen in Williams ' home in this picture taken when Winner lived there . Page also raised fears that they would be able to peer into his house , where he has lived since 1972 . Writing to town hall planners , Page argued : ` I am extremely concerned that this work will cause vibrations and possible structural damage with my house ' He added : ` As you will know , it is listed Grade I and is thus one of the most important buildings in the borough . ' Another neighbour , the Marks and Spencer heir Jonathan Sieff , was also upset by the plans and objected . Rock royalty : Page wanted to make sure he protected his property , which includes this imposing fireplace below a medieval scene , so hired a team of experts to help him rebuff Williams ' original plans . Design : The Led Zeppelin guitarist 's Grade 1 listed tower has intricate paintwork featured heavily inside . Not on the same wavelength : Jimmy Page wrote to town hall planners : ` I am extremely concerned that this work will cause vibrations and possible structural damage with my house ' . Pictured are Williams ' old plans . Revised : This is what the new plan looks like . It has been submitted to Kensington and Chelsea Council .