Barcelona coach Luis Enrique is not concerned by Neymar 's recent goal drought and is confident the Brazil forward will soon return to top form as the Catalans continue their bid to repeat 2009 's historic treble . After an impressive first half of the season , Neymar has gone off the boil since the turn of the year and has not scored for the leaders in La Liga since hitting the opener in a 5-0 win at home to Levante on February 15 . The 23-year-old looked particularly out of sorts in Sunday 's 1-0 win at Celta Vigo and spent much of the game locked in an unseemly battle with Celta fullback Hugo Mallo . Neymar -LRB- left -RRB- and Dani Alves -LRB- centre -RRB- share a joke with Adriano during Barcelona training on Tuesday . Luis Suarez -LRB- centre -RRB- and Neymar keep their eye on the ball during the session at Joan Camper sport city . Barcelona defender Gerard Pique and frontman Lionel Messi share a joke during Barcelona 's training session . Messi appears focused as Barcelona look to repeat the historic treble of 2009 this season under Enrique . Messi smiles alongisde Barcelona and Argentina team-mate Javier Mascherano during the training session . ` I am not worried at all , ' Luis Enrique told a news conference previewing Wednesday 's La Liga match at home to Almeria . ` We are talking about an outstanding player , a top player , ' added the former Barcelona and Spain midfielder , who is enjoying a successful first term in charge at the Nou Camp . ` And from what I see in training I am sure his scoring streak will soon return and he will be back on top form . ` Now he is helping us in a less spectacular way , less visible for you , but he gives the team a lot of things that I consider important . ' Barcelona manager Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar 's recent drought in front of goal . Neymar looked out of sorts in the 1-0 win over Celta Vigo and has not scored for Barcelona since February 15 . Barca can stretch their lead over second-placed Real Madrid to seven points with a win against Almeria , applying more pressure on Real whose game at Madrid neighbours Rayo Vallecano kicks off two hours later . Luis Enrique 's side are through to the last eight of the Champions League to face Paris St Germain and will seek a record-extending 27th King 's Cup triumph when they play Athletic Bilbao in the final on May 30 . Barca became the only Spanish side to win the treble of domestic league and Cup and Champions League in Pep Guardiola 's first season at the helm in 2008-09 . Barcelona boss Luis Enrique talks with veteran midfielder Xavi ahead of the clash with Almeria on Wednesday . Guardiola was a former team mate of Luis Enrique , as was Almeria 's new coach Sergi Barjuan , who agreed to take over at the struggling Andalucian side on Monday following Sunday 's sacking of Juan Ignacio Martinez . ` He is a friend and I am in touch with him from time to time , ' Luis Enrique said . ` I am pleased he has this opportunity and I hope he makes the most of it starting on Thursday . Enrique 's former team-mate Sergi Barjuan agreed to take over struggling La Liga side Almeria on Monday .