A hilarious note left by a chip shop owner for his customers when he went on holiday with his wife has gone viral . The letter was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts who posted it to her social media account writing : ` So this is the notice I saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop . I kid thee not . ' In the note , which was in the window of an undisclosed chippy in London , the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family . This is the hilarious note which was left in a chip shop window was circulated on Twitter this week , in it the owner of the chip shop laments the fact that he was going youth hosteling . In black pen he writes : ` This shop will be closed for 1 week . Re-open on Mon 16th March . ` This year my wife has decided to take us all youth hosteling , I told her at her age she would be better off with Saga . ` We are taking two of our children . 1 Daughter in law , plus 1 grandson . No internet , mobile phones , playstations etc. . ` Personally I think we will all be bored to tears . She who must be obeyed says we will have a great time telling tales round the campfire etc. . Fish and chips is a traditional British dish often enjoyed with tomato ketchup and mushy peas . He ended the note by saying : ` I would rather be here with beer + TV . Ca n't wait to be home to see you soon . Sorry for any inconvenience . ' The note , which was written on two A4 pieces of paper and stuck to the window , was posted around a month ago but was circulated on Twitter this week . This is n't the first time a hilarious note has been spotted in a store window . Recently an eagle-eyed woman in North London spotted an add in a newsagents from a man looking for a lover . In the post , which has gone viral after being photographed and put online , the man sets out his requirements and offers ` a way of life with quality ' . John posted his advert , which is written in capital letters in black pen , in the window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill . It reads : ` John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality . It then details a phone number and says : ` Contact ... Or call me for interview must be female between 30 yrs - 40 yrs . ' Unfortunately for prospective lovers , John did not specify precisely what the ` craft ' referred to was .