A woman gave birth in her office toilet before quietly returning to her desk with the newborn baby wrapped in two sealed bags , and put it in her desk drawer . Kim Pappas , 25 , was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte , Michigan , on March 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors . Nobody knew she was pregnant . Charged : Kim Pappas , 25 , has been charged with premeditated murder after giving birth in her office toilet then wrapping her baby boy in a plastic bag and secretly putting him in her desk drawer . The baby died . Her attempt at secrecy , however , was foiled minutes later when two employees went to the restroom , which was covered in blood . Returning to the office of the freight management company they saw traces of blood on Pappas ' clothing , and found the lifeless infant wrapped up at her feet . Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder . According to Fox , workers went to the bathroom after hearing moaning and crying - but Pappas had already left . They alerted emergency services and went round every employee . Noticing the blood on Pappas , she was questioned and they searched her desk . It was not until they discovered the baby in the drawer that she admitted what had happened . Shock : Nobody at Ceva Logistics , Michigan , knew Pappas was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle . Court : Pappas appeared in court on Friday via videolink to be arraigned . She has been denied bail . The child was sealed inside a plastic bag , which was wrapped in a tote bag . He showed no signs of life at the office and was later pronounced dead in hospital . It is believed he was in the bag for between 15 and 30 minutes , according to the Detroit Free Press . Initially , Pappas claimed she had a miscarriage but an autopsy suggests the baby died by suffocation . Pappas appeared via video link in court on Friday to be arraigned . She is facing charges of felony murder , premeditated murder and first-degree child abuse , and has been denied bail , the Free Press reported .