The Great Dying , which struck the Earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 per cent of the world 's creatures . And while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event , research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic . In particular , they claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemical compositions . The Great Dying , which struck the Earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 % of the world 's creatures . And while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event , research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic . The study , led by the University of Edinburgh , is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame . And the researchers said that the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was ` probably greater than today 's fossil fuel reserves ' . The Great Dying , also known as the Permian-Triassic Boundary extinction , took place over a 60,000-year period , and acidification of the oceans lasted for around 10,000 years . At this time , a single supercontinent called Pangaea covered the Earth . This huge landmass created extremely arid conditions and by the Late Permian , temperatures were at an all time high . These extreme temperatures already threatened many land and marine species , but this was made worse when large volcanic eruptions began to take place . Huge volumes of viscous basalt lava covered an area roughly seven times the size of France , explained the Natural History Museum , and sulphur dioxide from these eruptions caused vinegar-like acid rain to cover the Earth . During the Great Dying , a supercontinent called Pangaea covered the Earth . This landmass -LRB- illustrated -RRB- created hot and dry conditions . The Great Dying , also known as the Permian-Triassic Boundary extinction , took place 252 million years ago . At this time , a single supercontinent called Pangaea covered the Earth . This huge landmass created extremely hot and dry conditions , and by the Late Permian , temperatures were at an all time high . These extreme temperatures already threatened many land and marine species , but this was made worse when large volcanic eruptions began to take place . Huge volumes of viscous basalt lava covered an area roughly seven times the size of France , explained the Natural History Museum , and sulphur dioxide from these eruptions caused vinegar-like acid rain to cover the Earth . As carbon dioxide was released into the atmosphere , global temperatures soared and this caused oceans to get hotter . This also caused a lack of oxygen in the world 's waters , killing off marine life and destroying food chains . But it was the acidification of the oceans that was the driving force behind the deadliest phase of the extinction , which dealt a final blow to an already unstable ecosystem , the Scottish researchers said . Researchers believe this acidification lasted for around 10,000 years . As carbon dioxide was released into the atmosphere , global temperatures soared and this caused oceans to get hotter . This also caused a lack of oxygen in the world 's waters , killing off marine life and destroying food chains . But it was the acidification of the oceans that was the driving force behind the deadliest phase of the extinction , which dealt a final blow to an already unstable ecosystem , the Scottish researchers said . Oceans can absorb some carbon dioxide , but the large volume released - at such a fast rate - changed their chemistry . To make these conclusions , a team led by Dr Matthew Clarkson and Professor Rachel Wood analysed rocks in the United Arab Emirates -LRB- pictured -RRB- - which were on the ocean floor at the time of the extinction . From this they developed a climate model because the rocks preserve a detailed record of changing oceanic conditions . Similar analysis in Italy found evidence of vinegar-like acid rain caused by the sulphur dioxide in 250 million-year-old rocks . The rocks were found to contain vanillin -LRB- shown -RRB- which is usually broken down by bacteria . This proved acid in the rocks protected the vanillin , as its low pH deactivated the destructive enzymes . To make these conclusions , a team led by Dr Matthew Clarkson and Professor Rachel Wood analysed rocks in the United Arab Emirates - which were on the ocean floor at the time - to develop a climate model to work out what drove the extinction . A huge impact event has been suggested as a possible cause of the mass extinction , based on the examination of grains of ` shocked quartz ' and meteorite fragments in Antarctica , but no impact site has been found . One of the attractions of the theory is that it could have triggered other causes such as the Siberian Traps eruptions . Widespread ocean anoxia - a severe deficiency of oxygen - has also been blamed for the event in the Late Permian to the Early Triassic . The spread of toxic , oxygen-depleted water would have been devastating for marine life , producing widespread die-offs . Models of ocean chemistry show that anoxia and euxinia - the presence of hydrogen sulphide - would have been closely associated with high levels of carbon dioxide , which suggests a combination of gases acted as a killing mechanism . The rocks preserve a detailed record of changing oceanic conditions at the time . ` Scientists have long suspected that an ocean acidification event occurred during the greatest mass extinction of all time , but direct evidence has been lacking until now , ' said Dr Clarkson from the University of Edinburgh 's school of geosciences . ` This is a worrying finding , considering that we can already see an increase in ocean acidity today that is the result of human carbon emissions . ' The study is published in the journal Science and was carried out in collaboration with the University of Bremen , University of Exeter and the Universities of Graz , Leeds , and Cambridge . And the findings are now helping scientists understand the threat posed to marine life by modern-day ocean acidification . Dr Clarkson 's research follows similar analysis in Italy earlier this year by geologists from Imperial College London -LRB- ICL -RRB- . They discovered evidence of vinegar-like acid rain caused by the sulphur dioxide in 250 million-year-old rocks from Italy 's Vigo Meano region . ` For the first time , we can say that soils from this time had an acidity similar to that of vinegar , ' Mark Sephton from ICL said . The Vigo Meano rocks contained vanillin - the substance that gives vanilla its distinct taste and flavour - and this was a surprise because vanillin is typically broken down by bacteria . In an attempt to explain how vanillin could exist in the rocks for so long , the researchers turned to the dairy industry , which sometimes uses vanilla in milk . Scientists recently used satellite data to map the alkalinity of the world 's oceans for the first time . The image above shows the average level of alkalinity over the past five years with blue marking water that is more acidic . By using satellite data , scientists can obtain live information as the ocean changes . Acidifying the milk protects vanillin as the low pH deactivates the enzymes that would break it down . The same can be said for vanillin in ancient rock . ` Our data fits the idea that acid rain caused the microbes to cease functioning , ' said Henk Visscher , a palaeoecologist at Utrecht University in the Netherlands . The findings follow a similar study in 2013 by US scientists who simulated the Great Dying . The MIT researchers found that sulphur emissions from massive volcano eruptions were significant enough to create extremely acidic rain , which would have affected plant growth . They believe such acidity may have been sufficient to disfigure plants and stunt their growth , contributing to their ultimate extinction . After the eruptions ended , the researchers found believe pH levels in rain bounced back , becoming less acidic within one year . Meteor impacts contributed to wiping out species during mass extinction events on Earth . Ordovician-Silurian mass extinction - 443.4 million years ago . This was the third largest extinction in Earth 's history , and had two peaks of dying separated by hundreds of thousands of years . Around 26 per cent of all marine families were wiped out and 60 per cent of all genera - an estimated 82 to 88 per cent of all species . Late Devonian mass extinction - 375-359 million years ago . Three quarters of all species on Earth died out in the Late Devonian mass extinction , although it may have been a series of extinctions over several million years . Around 22 per cent of all marine families , and 57 per cent of all genera were wiped out - an estimated 79 to 87 per cent of all species . Permian mass extinction - 252 million years ago . The Permian mass extinction has been nicknamed The Great Dying , since an incredible 96 per cent of species died out . All life on Earth today is descended from the 4 per cent of species that survived . Triassic-Jurassic mass extinction - 201 million years ago . There were two or three phases of extinction that made up the Triassic-Jurassic mass extinction event . 22 per cent of all marine families and 53 per cent of all genera - an estimated 76-84 per cent of all species . Cretaceous-Tertiary mass extinction - 66 million years ago . The Cretaceous-Tertiary mass extinction was the event that wiped out the dinosaurs . However , many other organisms perished including 16 per cent of all marine families and 47 per cent of all genera - an estimated 71-81 per cent of all species .