Most women know them well : Irritability , cravings , fatigue ... the ugly , tiresome side effects that precede their period . While many of us have accepted what seemed like the inevitable every month and suffered through them armed with an arsenal of painkillers , hot water bottles and chocolate -LRB- while those nearest and dearest to us run for cover -RRB- , one doctor claims that our PMS can be banished forever with just a few simple steps . ` Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common , but they 're not normal , ' Dr Lara Briden tells Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Common , but not inevitable : While Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability , cravings and fatigue have become accepted by most women as normal , one doctor claims it should n't be so . Dr Briden , a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health , recounts a patient who was suffering with PMS whom she helped by changing her eating habits . ` At 34 , Julie was a bubbly , energetic person . She was happily married with two school aged children , and worked three days per week as a dental hygienist . `` I feel well most of the time , '' she told me . `` But then , five days before my period , everything changes . I suddenly feel headachy and fatigued . I get snappy with my husband and my kids , and I ca n't seem to stop myself . '' Happy days : The naturopathic doctor says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet . ` I ordered some blood tests for Julie , and found that her hormones were normal , which is typical for PMS . Some doctors would offer the birth control pill at this point , but I know there 's a better way . ` I asked Julie to stop eating desserts and deep-fried foods . Julie also took the nutritional supplements magnesium and vitamin B6 , and within the very first month , she noticed a dramatic change . `` I was surprised when my period just arrived , '' she said . `` I did n't even feel it coming . '' That 's why I love treating PMS . It responds so well to natural treatment . ' Breakfast : . Option 1 . Unsweetened muesli with mixed berries and unsweetened greek yoghurt . Option 2 . Two scrambled eggs on whole grain or gluten-free toast with butter . Option 3 . Spinach and goat cheese frittata . Beverages : Water , tea or coffee . Unsweetened muesli with berries -LRB- left -RRB- and scrambled eggs -LRB- right -RRB- are among Dr Briden 's suggested breakfasts in her ` No-More-PMS ' diet plan . Snacks : . Option 1 . Handful of raw cashews . Option 2 . Rye crackers with half an avocado and lemon juice . Option 3 . Fresh fruit . Lunch : . Option 1 . Chicken wrap with grated carrot , beet and fresh spinach leaves . Option 2 . Large green salad with smoked salmon , avocado and olive oil dressing . Option 3 . Sushi with miso soup . Beverages : Water or sparkling water . Tea or coffee . Green salads with oily fish -LRB- left -RRB- and sushi -LRB- right -RRB- are some of the delicious and nutritious lunch suggestions . Dinner : . Option 1 . Roasted lamb shanks with potato mash and steamed kale . Option 2 . Barbecued salmon steaks with oven baked sweet potato chips and spinach salad . Option 3 . Chicken and broccoli stir-fry with rice . Beverages : Water or sparkling water with lemon . One glass of wine or beer . Stir-fry -LRB- left -RRB- , lamb with potatoes and kale , or salmon steaks are all dinner options , while a small serving of dark chocolate -LRB- right -RRB- is a sweet treat for dessert . Dessert : . Option 1 . Two squares of 85 per cent cocoa dark chocolate . Option 2 . Cinnamon poached pears . Option 3 . Gluten-free almond and orange torte made with half the sugar . Dr Briden explains that PMS has often been dismissed as a myth in the past , but that new research has indicated a link between inflammation and PMS . ` PMS has been a controversial diagnosis because researchers have not been able to detect any difference in the blood levels of hormones of PMS-sufferers compared to non-PMS-sufferers , ' says Dr Briden . ` In both groups , oestrogen and progesterone levels rise and fall throughout the month just like they 're supposed to . ` That has led some researchers to dismiss PMS as a myth , but I see it another way . Hormonal : PMS is caused by your response to the drop in hormones , which depends on the health of your hormone receptors ... A primary cause of unhealthy receptors is chronic inflammation . ` Of course PMS-sufferers have normal hormone levels . That 's because female hormones are not the actual cause of PMS . Why did we ever think they would be ? Neither oestrogen nor progesterone are inherently bad for mood . Quite the opposite . They 're both beneficial for mood because they boost neurotransmitters such as serotonin . ` I 've worked with thousands of PMS patients , and I 'm convinced : PMS is not caused by hormones , or even by the drop in hormones -LRB- which is inevitable at the end of the menstrual cycle -RRB- . Instead , PMS is caused by your individual response to that drop in hormones . Dr Lara Briden has been a naturopathic doctor specialising in women 's health for 20 years . ` This is where it gets interesting . Your response to hormones depends on the health and resilience of your hormone receptors , which are the tiny docking stations for your female hormones , and are found in every tissue , including your brain . ` Your hormone receptors translate hormonal messages into real physical effects such as mood or appetite . ` When your receptors are healthy , they 're flexible , and they adapt to rising and falling hormone levels by simply dialling up and dialling down their response -LRB- depending on the level of hormone -RRB- . That means no PMS . ` When your receptors are not healthy , on the other hand , they can not adapt to changing hormones , and that leads to premenstrual symptoms . ` Fortunately , we know what impairs the health of hormone receptors : Chronic inflammation . According to a recent study , blood markers of inflammation are higher in PMS-sufferers . Chronic inflammation is a kind of long-term immune activation that is caused by different things including stress and smoking . It 's also caused by certain inflammatory foods , and that 's why diet is so effective as PMS treatment . ' Off the table : Deep fried and sugary foods are the most inflammatory , and therefore should be avoided . EAT FEWER INFLAMMATORY FOODS . The most inflammatory foods are deep-fried foods and high-sugar foods such as desserts and sweet drinks , so you should avoid those . You should also avoid fruit juice because it is concentrated sugar . Whole fruit is permitted . Sugar and deep fried foods are inflammatory for everyone , but other foods , such as wheat and dairy products , can also be inflammatory if you have a sensitivity to them . Food sensitivities are well known to cause symptoms such as sinus or eczema , but they are also a common cause of PMS . Try avoiding wheat and dairy for three months , and see the difference . If in doubt , speak to your doctor or nutritionist . Tip : PMS is a common symptom of food sensitivities . Eat the rainbow : Brightly-coloured fruits and vegetables such as berries , spinach and kale provide essential nutrients such as folate and magnesium . EAT MORE ANTI-INFLAMMATORY FOODS . The foods that actively reduce inflammation are fruits and vegetables , especially the brightly coloured ones such as berries , spinach , and kale . Fruit and vegetables are anti-inflammatory because they provide essential nutrients such as folate and magnesium , and because they provide phytonutrients . Phytonutrients are beneficial plant compounds that stimulate your immune system and to reduce its inflammatory response . Supplements : Dr Briden recommends mineral magnesium and vitamin B6 to supplement diet . SUPPLEMENT WITH NATURAL ANTI-INFLAMMATORY NUTRIENTS . My favourite anti-inflammatory nutritional supplement is the mineral magnesium . Together with vitamin B6 , magnesium has done extremely well in clinical trials for premenstrual syndrome . Both supplements are safe and easy to obtain . Speak to your chemist . Tip : The No-More-PMS Diet works to prevent PMS . Please follow it during all the days of your cycle - not just when you 're premenstrual . Lara Briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health . She 's just released her new book Period Repair Manual : Natural Treatment for Better Hormones and Better Periods .