Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club 's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday , April 19 and turn up the heat on owner Mike Ashley . A social media campaign has been launched for the match , which will be shown live on Sky Sports , in a bid to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever Premier League crowd . Fans who do n't want to turn their back on the players with Newcastle just above the relegation zone have been encouraged to take part in demonstrations held both before and after the game at St James ' Park . Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club 's next home game against Tottenham . A website Sack Ashley.com has been set up by the same supporters behind Sack Pardew campaign earlier in the season , which played a part in former manager Alan Pardew 's decision to quit in January to take charge of Crystal Palace . ` Whether people choose to boycott or attend the match , apathy is no longer a viable option , ' said a campaign spokesman . 'AshleyOut.com will actively participate in this boycott and promote any such action , endeavouring to provide materials , manpower and publicity . This is a perfect example of the sort of direct action AshleyOut.com always planned to encourage and support . We will work alongside all supporters and supporter representatives to ensure the protest is successful . Fans who do n't want to turn their backs on the players will be encouraged to take part in other demos . ` We would like to invite you to join us for a visual and audible protest in Leazes Park starting 30 minutes before kick-off -LRB- 3:30 pm -RRB- and continuing until full-time , followed by a post-game protest under the Milburn Stand , for which protest materials will be provided . ` While encouraging as many as possible to participate , our primary motivation will always be to unite fans in action against Ashley both inside and outside the stadium . ` Each of us has our own personal motivation for deciding to join the boycott of this particular game as a form of protest or not and we respect that . If you feel you can not miss the game for whatever reason , but sympathise with our protest , we would encourage you to join us for the pre-match protest at the Leazes End , where we can provide you with protest materials to express your discontent with Mike Ashley inside the stadium , and to join us for the post game protest under the Milburn Stand . ' Newcastle boss John Carver suffered a fourth successive defeat at Sunderland on Sunday . The boycott and protests have also received the support of the Newcastle United Supporters Trust , who released the following statement on its website . ` We are aware of a new supporters group Ashleyout.com which wishes for the removal of Mike Ashley as the owner of Newcastle United . NUST believe in supporter representation/ownership and we have tried to engage the club for years to no avail . ` We understand why supporters are so frustrated that they see such action as necessary . While it is not our campaign , we support action that is intended to bring about change in ownership of the club particularly if it ultimately results in increased supporter representation/ownership .