Successive last-gasp victories have reignited struggling Leicester City 's Premier League survival bid and manager Nigel Pearson said his side 's fate is back in their own hands . Late goals from Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy sealed a dramatic 3-2 victory against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday , a week after Andy King 's late goal secured a 2-1 win against West Ham United . The Foxes had look buried two weeks ago , seven points adrift of the relative safety of 17th place , but are now just three points behind Hull City , the side immediately above the relegation trapdoor . Jamie Vardy scored an late winner against West Brom on Saturday to improve Leicester 's chances of survival . Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the game at The Hawthorns . Robert Huth nodded home with 10 minutes left on the clock to help his side launch an emphatic comeback . Foxes boss Nigel Pearson -LRB- left -RRB- believes Premier League survival is still firmly placed in his side 's hands . Crucially Leicester , who have discovered an attacking potency with eight goals in three games , have a game in hand over their survival rivals and play five of their final seven fixtures at home . ` One thing we 've spoken about recently is we want to keep -LRB- our fate -RRB- in our own hands for as long as possible , ' Pearson told the BBC . ` While it 's in our own hands you know that the responsibility is solely with ourselves . In many ways that 's the driving force for us but we 've still got an awful lot to do . ` It 's more congested -LRB- at the bottom of the table -RRB- but because of the gap there has been for such a long time we do n't have any chances of getting away with a disappointing result . Leicester 's Esteban Cambiasso opened the scoring against West Ham with a spectacular effort last Saturday . However the Foxes were instantly punished when West Ham midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate netted immediately . But Andy King -LRB- left -RRB- was the hero as the Premier League strugglers struck late on at the King Power Stadium . ` We 've got to try and force the issue between now and the end of the season . ' Leicester have been rooted to the foot of the table since November but are slowly building much-needed momentum as the battle to avoid the drop intensifies . ` I hope -LRB- we 've got momentum -RRB- . Back-to-back wins are difficult to achieve , especially for a side like ourselves who have been struggling for vast parts of the season in terms of results , ' he said . ` It 's going to be tough but we 'll give it a good shot . ' Leicester have a relatively manageable run-in and play host to Swansea City in their next game on Saturday .