A lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online , posting an advertisement complete with his desires , or ` requirements ' . The outback Casanova , who lives in Humpty Doo , Northern Territory , detailed his dream girl on Gumtree . ` WANTED !!!!! girlfriend/wife , must love pets ... Accomodation available , position MAY offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ` successful candidate ' , ' it reads . Scroll down for video . ` Rich ' who lives in Humpty Doo , Northern Territory , detailed his dream girl on Gumtree . ` Prefer NON drinker and smoker -LRB- i know i 'm dreamin -RRB- , fit attractive , will get free gym membership , to a gym of there choice , phone of there choice , must be reliable , honest , and loyal , good around th house , be good with their hands , good cook , great in bed . ' The advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors , but is also ` also a princess when need to be ' . For his part , the 31-year-old only identified as Rich , described himself as : ` athletic build , white , heavily tattoo 'd brown hair , brown eyes , do n't drink , do n't smoke , DO N'T do drugs , like travelling , love the outdoors , sports , fishing , camping blah blah blah . ' The post continues : ' 175 cm tall , WELL Endowed , own my own property -LRB- s -RRB- make great money , succesful , love cars , bikes , very independant . ' The 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and personal details about himself . The advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors , but is also ` also a princess when need to be ' Rich also said he is ` not shy of blowin cash on my woman ' , and his potential partner would ` receive lots of benefits ' . And , there 's no reason to be shy ladies , ` Rich ' promised ` all reasonable offers will be considered ' . The hopeless romantic also stated former partners need not apply . Daily Mail Australia unsuccessfully attempted to contact the man behind the commercial .