Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under David Cameron 's Conservatives party , compared to just under nine per cent under Labour . Shares have performed nearly twice as well under Conservative governments than under Labour over the last 45 years , according to figures published today . Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the Tories compared with just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9 per cent under the current Coalition . The figures , in an analysis for the Daily Mail by investment company Hargreaves Lansdown , are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne ahead of the general election on May 7 . Ed Miliband is struggling to win over business men and women as well as investors who are worried about a Left-wing Labour government 's attitudes to enterprise . A survey of FTSE 100 bosses this weekend showed 70 per cent believe a Labour government under Mr Miliband would be a ` catastrophe ' for the economy . The analysis by Hargreaves Lansdown shows investors -- including millions of workers saving for a pension -- fare better under the Conservatives . Laith Khalaf , a senior analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown , said : ` The stock market has performed twice as well under a Conservative government as it has under Labour , according to performance statistics dating back to 1970 . ' The analysis shows that companies have also performed better under the Tories with profits up by an average of 11 per cent a year under the Conservatives and 6 per cent under Labour . Writing in the Daily Mail , Mr Khalaf said : ` Over the last 45 years there have been five Conservative governments , five Labour governments , and the current Coalition . ` Over that time the UK stock market has returned on average 16 per cent a year under Conservative rule , compared with 9 per cent under Labour . ` Markets can be capricious beasts in the short term , but on average this trend reflects the growth in UK company profits under the two parties . ' However , he said events on the global stage ` are far more important to the UK stock market than the next resident of Number 10 ' . He added : ` Looking back over the last 45 years , the waxing and waning of the stock market has been driven in large part by overseas influences , and is not commanded from Westminster . This makes sense when you consider how globalised most industries are . ' Experts have warned that a hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing . A survey of FTSE 100 bosses showed 70 per cent believe a Labour government would be a ` catastrophe ' for the economy . The analysis by Hargreaves Lansdown shows investors fare better under the Conservatives . All the major pollsters are predicting that no party will win an overall majority . George Buckley , UK economist at Deutsche Bank , said : ` The 2015 UK general election is set to be the most unpredictable for nearly a century . ` Polls suggest that neither of the two major parties may have sufficient support to secure an outright majority . ` There may be no good outcome for investors . ' A hard-hitting report by BlackRock , the largest fund manager in the world , said ` a soothing outcome for the markets is hard to imagine ' given Labour 's anti-business policies and Tory plans to hold a referendum on Britain 's membership of the European Union . ` Labour would be tough on business -- and might be perceived as lacking fiscal responsibility , ' the US giant said in the report . ` A Conservatives-dominated Cabinet would pave the way for an unsettling referendum in 2017 on the UK 's EU membership . ` Whoever wins -- and the result could take some time to emerge -- will lead a weak government likely to pass only watered-down legislation . '