Carriers of the BRCA1 gene , like Hollywood star Angelina Jolie , can reduce their risk of death once they have been diagnosed with breast cancer by having their ovaries removed . Women diagnosed with breast cancer caused by the gene carried by Angelina Jolie could be helped to beat the disease if they have their ovaries removed as she did . A study indicates that following the example of the Hollywood star cuts their risk of dying from breast cancer by more than 60 per cent . Miss Jolie , 39 , had the procedure , known as an oophorectomy , in March . Two years before , she had a double mastectomy as she carries the BRCA1 gene variant which dramatically raises the risk of developing both breast and ovarian cancer . Women who carry a mutated version of BRCA1 or another gene known as BRCA2 face a life-time risk of breast cancer of up to 70 per cent . If diagnosed , they face a severe threat of ovarian tumours . The researchers in Canada analysed 676 breast cancer patients who had one of the mutated genes , Nearly half -LRB- 345 -RRB- underwent oophorectomy after their diagnosis . The study found the 20-year survival rate for the entire group was 77.4 per cent . Having an oophorectomy was associated with a significant drop of 62 per cent in breast cancer death in women with a BRCA1 mutation , But this did not occur in those with a BRCA2 mutation . There were nine deaths from ovarian cancer in the women who did not have oophorectomies . The scientists found a 65 per cent reduction in death from all causes associated with oophorectomy . According to the study , oophorectomies were performed an average of six years after breast cancer diagnosis . For the 70 BRCA1 carriers who had their ovaries removed within two years , there was a 73 per cent reduction in death compared with women with the mutation who never underwent the procedure . The authors , writing in the journal JAMA Oncology , said that the protective effect of oophorectomy against breast cancer was apparent immediately after diagnosis and lasted for 15 years . Dr Steven Narod , of the Women 's College Research Institute , Toronto , called for follow-up studies on women who undergo oophorectomy as part of their initial treatment , in particular , those who had the surgery within a year of finding out they have breast cancer . He added that more research was needed , especially on carriers of the BRCA2 variant . Journal editor Dr Mary Disis said the results were ` compelling and suggest the potential of oophorectomy should become part of the treatment discussion at the time of diagnosis for BRCA mutation carriers with early stage breast cancers ' . She added : ` The results provide a validation of oophorectomy in coveying both a disease-free and overall survival benefit for BRCA1 carriers . ` In the entire group , oophorectomy was particularly effective for survival benefit in women with oestrogen-receptor negative breast cancer . ' Those women diagnosed with the BRCA1 gene mutation have a 50 to 80 per cent risk of developing breast cancer , pictured , in their lifetime . Women with a significant family history of breast cancer may have an increased risk of getting the disease . A significant family history is defined by : . Women who inherit the faulty , or mutated , BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes have a 50 to 80 per cent chance of developing breast cancer during their lifetime . Genetic tests are available to women who are likely to have a BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation , or faults in two other genes called TP53 and PTEN . BRCA gene faults are more common in the Ashkenazi Jewish population , about 2.3 per cent of Ashkenazi Jewish women have a BRCA gene mutation . Source : Breast Cancer Campaign . This type of the disease affects about one in four women diagnosed with breast cancer . It is an especially aggressive form which is often resilient to drug treatment and requires intensive chemotherapy . Other studies of the gene mutation carriers have found that reduced mortality is associated with ovary removal for women with a history of breast cancer . Speaking about her decision to have the procedure Miss Jolie , who has six children , said that having her ovaries removed did not make her feel any less womanly . In an article for the New York Times , she wrote : ` I feel feminine , and grounded in the choices I am making for myself and my family . '