England 's new record wicket-taker James Anderson has promised there is more to come as he believes he is still improving as a bowler . Anderson induced an edge from West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin on the final day of the first Test in Antigua for his 384th Test scalp on Friday , breaking Sir Ian Botham 's record which had stood for 23 years . Anderson , 32 , broke the record in the same match which saw him collect his landmark 100th cap for England , although there was disappointment as England could not force a victory . James Anderson races away to celebrate after he claimed his record-breaking 384th wicket . Anderson is mobbed by his England team-mates after he broke Sir Ian Botham 's long-standing record . Anderson is congratulated by Botham as he leaves the field following the day 's action in Antigua . In his column in the Sun on Sunday , Anderson wrote : ` I am convinced I can still improve as a bowler and take plenty more wickets for England . ' He added : ` There is no way I am going to rest on my laurels and enter cruise control just because I have the record . I 'm going to work damn hard to try to get better . ` I can definitely improve , I can learn more tricks . For example , the leg-cutter with which I took my record 384th wicket was delivery I learned from Stuart Broad as recently as the World Cup . ' Anderson said he had no intention of setting himself targets in terms of either Tests played or wickets taken for England because ` I do n't want to put limits on anything ' but said he is learning to pace himself in order to be able to play more regularly . ` I feel fit enough and strong enough to bowl in the high-80s if I need to but I 'm also sensible enough to realise you ca n't do it all the time , ' he said . ` I 'm quite relieved the record is out of the way and I can concentrate on doing my job for the rest of the series . ' Botham has a word with Anderson following his bowling feat at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium . Andersons ' parents and his wife Daniella -LRB- centre -RRB- applaud from the stands following his seismic wicket .