Qatar 's grip on London 's real estate tightened this week when it agreed to buy a majority share in the company behind the iconic Claridge 's hotel . The Gulf state 's Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin - which owns five-star offerings Claridge 's , The Berkeley and The Connaught - from billionaire brothers Sir David and Sir Frederick Barclay . It is not known how much the deal is worth , but some have reported it could be as much as £ 1.6 billion . The hotels are the latest in an impressive list of high-profile acquisitions for the country , whose investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city 's landmark buildings including The Shard , Harrods and One Canada Tower - the centrepiece of the Canary Wharf financial district . Constellation also recently bought London Park Lane Hotel , and owns Le Grand hotel in Paris . Qatar 's royal family , which owns more of London than the Crown Estate , is also planning their own British palace in the capital . Last December , the rulers submitted plans to convert three prime properties in London 's Regent 's Park into a huge mansion , set to become the UK 's first £ 200million home . The country also hold stakes in flagship British companies including Barclays Bank , Sainsbury 's and British Airways owner IAG . Portfolio : Qatar 's investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city 's landmark buildings , illustrated on the map of London above . Iconic : Qatar 's grip on London tightened this week when it agreed to buy a majority stake in the company behind Claridge 's hotel , pictured . Landmark : Qatar Holding bought luxury department store Harrods from businessman Mohamed Al Fayed for a reported £ 1.4 billion in 2010 . Prized : The Shard , pictured centre , western Europe 's tallest skyscraper , is one of a string of high profile developments Qatar owns in the city . Deal : Qatari Diar , the state 's investment arm , teamed up with UK property developer Delancey Estates to buy the athletes ' village for £ 557m . Five-star : The luxury Connaught Hotel in Mayfair , pictured , is owned by hotel company Coroin , in which Qatar now holds a majority stake . Taking over : Qatar become a major shareholder of Camden Market , pictured , when it bought 20 per cent stake in property group Chelsfield . Trophy asset : In January , Qatar bought the 97-acre financial district Canary Wharf , seen in background , with a Canadian partner for £ 2.6 billion . Investment : Qatar Holding , which also has shares in Barclays and Sainsbury 's , owns a 10 per cent stake in the London Stock Exchange , above . Plans to develop : Qatari Diar Real Estate Investment bought the US Embassy building in Grosvenor Square , Mayfair , pictured , in 2009 . Luxury : The Qatari royal family bought 1 , 2 , and 3 Cornwall Terrace -LRB- pictured -RRB- in 2013 and is converting the three into a £ 200million palace . Exclusive : Qatar 's prime minister owns 50 per cent of One Hyde Park , pictured , through his property development company Waterknights . High-end : The Berkeley Hotel , in London 's upmarket Knightsbridge , pictured , was added to Qatar 's impressive property portfolio this week . Residential development : Qatari Diar bought the site of the Chelsea Barracks , pictured , from the Ministry of Defence for nearly £ 1bn in 2007 .