Shocking footage has emerged of the terrifying moment two people stood in a tiny dinghy while a six metre great white shark charged them . A film crew shooting the documentary Lair of the Megashark were just off New Zealand 's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator who decided to nudge the boat and bite at the thin rope that tethered the dinghy to the main boat . The two men that can be seen on the boat are shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande . They can be seen panicking as the great white uses it 's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat , causing it to sway dangerously . A film crew shooting the documentary Lair of the Megashark were just off New Zealand 's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator . The shark disappears for a few moments while the crew regroups , however , they are stunned a second time when it resurfaces dangerously close to the dinghy , as it tries to get a hold of the bait attached to the main rig . One of the men described the experience as ` a bit nerve racking ' while another man can be heard saying : ` I do n't think this is such a brilliant f ***** g idea you know ' . Another shark is spotted breaching near the small boat before the crew decide it is too unsafe to have a boat of that size in the water , while such large predators are in the area . One man can be heard warnning that while sharks are ` not malicious ' , they do ` kill things for a living ' . The documentary Lair of the Megashark was screened on the Discovery Channel last year during Shark Week . Images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it 's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food . The men can be seen panicking as the great white uses it 's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat , causing it to sway dangerously . Images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it 's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food . Fisherman Richard Squires told the New Zealand Herald he had faced two similar attacks and is confident that the reason sharks are becoming more comfortable around boats is cage-diving . ` A shark came up and bit a buoy on the stern of the vessel , it came charging out of the water with its mouth open , ' he said . Last year the Department of Conservation only granted permits to two cage diving operators under the condition that they observe strict regulations around feeding and using decoys . They are also only authorised to operate at Edwards Island , around 10 kilometers off the coast of New Zealand 's Stewart Island . Last year the Department of Conservation only granted permits to two cage diving operators under the condition that they observe strict regulations around feeding and using decoys . Last year the Department of Conservation only granted permits to two cage diving operators under the condition that they observe strict regulations around feeding and using decoys . New Zealand MP Clayton Mitchell is calling for the activity to be prohibited until a comprehensive study into the impact of cage diving is completed . ` When you start bringing the sharks in close to your boat for the thrill-seekers , like any animal their behaviour becomes modified , ' he said in a public meeting about the shark problem . Experts , on the other hand , are certain cage diving has nothing to do with the increased great white activity . The Department of Conservation 's director of conservation services , Allan Munn , said it is ` highly unlikely ' shark diving would change the behaviour of sharks in the area . The Department of Conservation 's director of conservation services , Allan Munn , said it is ` highly unlikely ' shark diving would change the behaviour of sharks in the area .