Anthony Joshua believes his ` hunger and determination ' will more than make up for Jason Gavern 's superior experience when the pair go head to head in Newcastle on Saturday . Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015 , after he was forced to pull out of a January fight against Kevin Johnson due to a stress fracture in his back . The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three , while Gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career . Anthony Joshua poses at his weigh-in ahead of the fight with Jason Gavern at the Newcastle Metro Arena . ` At 11 fights he 's probably looking at me like I 'm a raw novice in the professional world , ' Joshua told IFL TV . ` He 's got 50 fights and he 's looking at himself like he has so much experience but hunger and determination has got me through a lot of the time . ` I 'm 10 fights in now - double figures . I can definitely say I 'm learning and everything will be second nature on Saturday . ` I 'll try not to let the nerves get to me . I 'm going to stay calm . It 's a mental thing . ` Sparring has been really good . I 've been sparring with guys who are sharp and I 've been handling business in sparring so I should be good to go on Saturday night . ' Gavern 's last fight in the UK came in November 2013 , when he lost the Prizefighter final to Michael Sprott - an opponent Joshua took just 90 seconds to knock out in November . The British heavyweight is , however , taking nothing for granted this weekend . ` There 's no sparring you can do to prepare for Gavern , ' Joshua said . ` With 50 fights and so much experience , he 's a very awkward opponent . ` I 've watched his videos and he 's awkward to hit . ` He 's entertaining as well - he can get in your head mentally . ` I 've been out five months so I 'll probably have a bit of ring rust myself while he 'll be sharp so there will be some heavyweight blows and may the best man win . ' Joshua and Gavern strike a pose as they prepare for their fight on Saturday at the Newcastle Metro Arena . The two fighters pose for another photograph in front of the Tyne Bridge ahead of their match in Newcastle . Joshua lands a punch on his opponent Denis Bakhtov during their WBC International Heavyweight match . Gavern has not had long to prepare for Joshua as he was only confirmed on the card a week ago but the 37-year-old American has vowed to put on a show at the Metro Radio Arena . ` Boxing is about opportunities and I 'm looking forward to this fight , ' Gavern said . ` I saw the odds on Facebook of me getting knocked out within 15 seconds , or 20 seconds or 30 seconds - it 's kind of funny . ` It 's the heavyweight division , Anthony Joshua is here for a reason . He 's a gold medallist for a reason and I 've a lot of respect for him - it 's going to be a lot of fun for the fans . ' Gavern lands a punch on James Toney -LRB- left -RRB- during the International Heavyweight Prizefighter match in York . Gavern will be competing in his 50th professional bout while Joshua will be fighting only his 11th .