Sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of Premier League fixtures , as well as intriguing statistics from the Football League . 1 . Frank Lampard 's role at Manchester City was always planned as being just a bit part player -- but maybe the 36-year-old should have started more games . The 2-0 win over West Ham was his 38th appearance of the season but only the eighth time Manuel Pellegrini included him in the first eleven . Of those matches City have won seven -- including the 3-2 over Bayern Munich -- drawn one and not lost any , scoring 22 goals with just six conceded . Mind you , Lampard was always going to do well against The Hammers . In the last ten years he 's played 15 against his old club whose fans love to hate him , won 13 and drawn twice . Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini should have given Frank Lampard -LRB- left -RRB- more game time . 2 . In an era when yellow cards get dished out to defenders like confetti , Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty . The 32-year-old did get his name taken during England 's 3-1 win over Slovenia in November , but the 1-0 win over Burnley was his 46th appearance in all competitions for Everton without getting into trouble despite being in the thick of the action , making 16 clearances . Jagielka is the only central defender in the Premier League not to have been shown at least one card . Phil Jagielka -LRB- left -RRB- is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking . 3 . Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa . While Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish were the creative stars in midfield in the 2-1 FA Cup semi-final victory over Liverpool , it was the former England ace who created the platform for them . Cleverley , still on loan from Manchester United and out of contract in the summer , made seven tackles -- two more than Liverpool 's midfield put together . Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa . 4 . Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester in their fight for survival after spending most of the season as a barely used sub . The winger , who moved from Aston Villa on a free transfer last summer in search of regular football , has instead had to go until the last two games before boss Nigel Pearson has given him 90 minutes on the pitch . It 's been worth the wait . At West Brom last week he set up one of the goals in the 3-2 win , and he made four chances in the 2-0 victory over Swansea . Marc Albrighton looks to get past Nelson Oliviera during Leicester 's 2-0 Premier League win on Swansea . 5 . Tony Pulis always insists there is no additional incentive when he 's facing former clubs , but he still finds something extra in his teams against them . The 2-0 win for West Brom at Crystal Palace made it three wins out of three in reunion games without a goal conceded . Pulis got a 1-0 win when he was Palace boss against Stoke last season , the same score by which he beat Stoke again as West Brom boss this year before then going to Selhurst Park to end Alan Pardew 's run of four wins in a row . Tony Pulis shouts instructions to his players during West Brom 's 2-0 victory against Crystal Palace . 6 . At 37 years old Didier Drogba may not be the force he once was , but the Chelsea centre forward can still put in a shift for Jose Mourinho when he needs to . According to the EA Sports performance data the giant Ivory Coast star ran 6.7 miles in Chelsea 's 1-0 win over Manchester United , only a tenth of a mile less than the distance covered by rival striker Radamel Falcao . He also covered more ground at sprint speed than the Colombian , who is eight years younger than him . Didier Drogba covered more ground at sprint speed than Manchester United 's Radamel Falcao on Saturday . 7 . It 's been a long wait for Mesut Ozil to live up to his £ 42.5 million transfer fee but the German World Cup star is now finding his true form at just the right time . The 26-year-old provided the assist for both of the Alexis Sanchez goals against Reading that took Arsenal into the FA Cup Final . It 's the second time this season he 's provided two assists in a game , both occasions coming since the start of March . Since the end of January when Ozil recovered from a knee ligament the Gunners have won 13 of the 15 matches he 's played . Mesut Ozil -LRB- right -RRB- was in fine form as Arsenal earned a place in the FA Cup final on Saturday . 8 . With three points separating the top four clubs in the Championship , the race for a place in the Premier League is the tightest ever with two games left . And it 's not much easier for those trying to get into the top flight via the play-offs , either . Ipswich still need to win at least one game to be sure of finishing in the top six despite the 1-1 draw at Wolves taking them to 75 points -- a total which would have been enough to guarantee a play-off spot in all of the last 14 seasons . Mick McCarthy 's Ipswich still need to win at least one game to be sure of finishing in the top six . 9 . MK Dons banked £ 5million for selling teenage midfield star Dele Alli to Tottenham in the January window but must be thankful they borrowed him back for the rest of the season . The 19-year-old took his haul for the campaign to 16 goals as got the last in a 6-1 demolition of Leyton Orient which means Karl Robinson 's side have now scored a club record 90 League One goals . If Dons get promotion they 'll be hoping to borrow Alli for another year to continue his development at Championship level . MK Dons youngster Dele Alli with the Football League Young Player of the Year Award on Sunday evening . 10 . Gary Johnson is in danger of having two relegations in one season on his CV unless he can get some points from Cheltenham 's last two games against promotion chasing Shrewsbury and at Wimbledon . The 59-year-old , in charge until February at Yeovil who are already doomed to drop out of League One , took a big gamble agreeing to try to rescue the Robins from losing Football League status after a chaotic season . A 2-0 defeat at Northampton means time is running out for the former Bristol City boss . Marc Richards -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates putting Northampton into a 2-0 lead against Cheltenham on Saturday .