A man has gone to extreme lengths to avoid a $ 600-a-month hike in child support . Matthew Bird , from Ashburton , New Zealand , halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic after he realised he would be expected to pay around $ 1,900 a month in child support payments . He said he was happy to give up is $ 70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $ 38,000 a year , if it meant his child support payment dropped to $ 554 a month . Matthew Bird said he was happy to give up is $ 70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $ 38,000 a year , if it meant his child support payment dropped to $ 554 a month . Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1 . Mr Bird has fathered three children and was previously expected to pay $ 1,300 a month in child support . He said once the changes were implemented his payment rose by $ 600 , to a total of $ 1,900 a month . ` I 'm on half wage but I pay a third of what I used to , ' Mr Bird told NZ media . He said the increased figure is ` unreasonable ' and he believes illegal employment will flourish under the new system . Truck driver Dean Sorenson , 28 , said he 's also facing financial difficulty after his child support payments increased by $ 172-a-month . He said while he had considered changing jobs to reduce his payment , he thought his family would end up worse off if he did . New Zealand MP Jo Goodhew said those who were struggling with the new formula could come into her office to discuss how changing jobs could affect their future payment . Ms Goodhew has invited parents to her office to discuss how the new calculations are affecting their wage . As child support payments are calculated on information provided to Inland Revenue by parents , they have advised that parents check the information they gave is still up to date to ensure their payment has been calculated correctly . A spokeswoman for Waitaki MP Jacqui Dean said her office had received three inquiries about the changes to child support payments . Ms Goodhew 's Timaru office confirmed they had dealt with five cases in 2015 , however , none were in relation to the changes that took effect on April 1 .