Ed Balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in Leeds . Asked what seven times six equals , Labour 's shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause . Mr Balls said : ` The answer ... the answer is 42 ' , before adding : ` It 's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions , so that 's the last one I 'm going to answer . ' Scroll down for video . Ed Balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in Leeds . He was asked to work out the multiplication at the q & a after he last month revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths . During an interview on Good Morning Britain , Labour 's shadow chancellor confessed he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions live on TV . He told host Susanna Reid : ` I was pleased you did n't ask me any maths questions this morning . ' Asked how he was with fractions , Mr Balls replied : ` Luckily my mother-in-law is a maths teacher so she is the expert when it comes to maths . ' A shocked Miss Reid interrupted : ` You can not tell me that the shadow chancellor relies on his mother-in-law to do his maths . ' Mr Balls said : ` The kids think the mother-in-law is very good at maths teaching . You always rely on your mother-in-law . ' Asked what seven times six equals , Labour 's shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause . Mr Balls has three children with his wife , Labour 's shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper . After working as an adviser to Gordon Brown at the Treasury , Mr Balls was elected as an MP in 2005 and became shadow chancellor in 2011 . He previously worked at the Financial Times and taught economics at Harvard University . In February , during an interview on the ITV breakfast show , Education Secretary Nicky Morgan was left embarrassed when she refused to answer what 7x8 is .