When Danielle Jones agreed to marry her boyfriend Darrel , she knew it would be a day she 'd never forget . But her wedding day took an even better unexpected twist - when her hero Gary Barlow turned up to sing her a ballad . The Take That star stopped by the couple 's wedding reception in Berkshire and sung the band 's song ` A Million Love Songs ' as a wedding gift . Scroll down for video . Never forget : Gary Barlow shocked Take That superfan Danielle Jones , 33 , and her husband Darrel by dropping in at her wedding reception to sing ` A Million Love Songs ' The maid of honour , Kirsty Miles , tweeted her excitement after the wedding on Good Friday . Gary stopped by the couple 's wedding reception and the bride even had a chance to sing with her idol . The singer had promised to go along to the reception at the Beaumont Estate in Old Windsor after orchestrating the surprise over Twitter with Mrs Jones 's bridesmaids . Afterwards , the Take That superfan said : ` I 'm still on cloud nine , I ca n't believe it happened . ' Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had contacted the singer three months ago to ask the singer to perform at their best friend 's wedding . It came after the 44-year-old announced on Twitter that he would surprise three wedding parties throughout the year , and urged fans to send him suggestions . The pair then started a Twitter campaign using the hashtag #getgarytodanswedding . Barlow then sent the bride a message saying he could not make her special day . She and the other bridesmaid Becky Young had started a Twitter campaign to get the singer at the wedding . But he secretly replied to the bridesmaids saying ` let 's do this ' - on the condition that they kept it secret from Mrs Jones . Ms Miles told getreading said : ` It was the hardest thing keeping it from Danielle when she was clearly so gutted by it . ' Mrs Jones , who got married on Good Friday , added : ` I was so overcome with emotion I was having difficulty breathing . I nearly collapsed , I was screaming , I could n't believe it ! Mrs Jones and her friends are seeing Take That -LRB- pictured -RRB- several times this year , including in London , Birmingham , Manchester and Milan , Italy . ` After pulling myself together I went over to him , gave him a hug and he carried on with the song . ` We then had loads of photos taken , he spoke to my mum , my husband Darrel and my maid of honour Kirsty . ' The first thing Mrs Jones knew about it was when the DJ started playing the Take That song and she saw Barlow standing on the dance floor . Mrs Jones and her friends are seeing Take That several times this year , including in London , Birmingham , Manchester and Milan , Italy .