This is the dramatic moments armed police swoop on a villa where a Briton linked to the gangland murder of a torture victim was arrested . Paul Monk , 54 , from Essex , was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan , whose badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year . He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences and had been named on a list of fugitives published as part of the National Crime Agency 's Operation Captura campaign ahead of his detention . This is the dramatic moment that fugitive Paul Monk was arrested by heavily armed police in his Alicante villa . Paul Monk , 54 , from Essex , was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan . Spanish police released footage of their dramatic swoop . This grab for the video shows them approaching the villa at speed . The police move steathily up the steps of Monk 's villa , weapons drawn . Taking no chances : The highly trained , well-armed police moved through the house room by room . Paul Monk was on the UK 's most wanted list on suspicion of drug trafficking . Brennan , 25 , from Liverpool , vanished in the resort of Javea in January last year after being kidnapped by men posing as police . His body was wrapped in an industrial-size bin bag with duct tape round it when it appeared on a beach in nearby Orihuela Costa . Civil Guard officers in Alicante confirmed today they believe Monk , from Essex , may be implicated in the violent death and named him as an associate of Paul Scott . Scott , 32 , was arrested on a charge of conspiracy to import cocaine after being caught trying to sneak into Britain in a light aircraft last December . He was also wanted for questioning over Mr Brennan 's murder when he was detained . Guardia Civil described him last night as the suspected mastermind of the crime . Monk was detained at a four-bedroom property in Javea near Alicante as he directed workers laying a marble patio around his swimming pool . An imitation firearm with a silencer and nearly £ 100,000 in cash were also found . He is being held in jail and is expected to be charged and face trial in Spain over Mr Brennan 's murder before being extradited to the UK to face questioning over alleged drugs offences . He has been linked to the handover of one kilo of cocaine in Cockfosters , London , in May 2013 and the seizure of 24 kilos of cannabis in Colchester in October 2013 . A Civil Guard spokesman said : ` He never left his house as a security measure to avoid being arrested . ` He got other people to bring him food and other things in the villa where he hid out , leading the life of an authentic fugitive . ' The police raid had air support , with this grab coming from footage of Monk 's villa taken by a helicopter . Wads of money found by armed police after they arrested Monk . Monk is being held in jail and is expected to be charged and face trial in Spain over Mr Brennan 's murder before being extradited to the UK to face questioning over alleged drugs offences . Spanish police search Monk 's property thoroughly for evidence , finding an imitation gun with a silencer . National Crime Agency detectives took part in the raid on the property along with Civil Guard officers . Mr Brennan , from Liverpool , was himself on the run after leaving Britain while awaiting sentence in the UK over the wounding of a man at a Swedish House Mafia music concert in Milton Keynes , Bedfordshire . He travelled to the Costa del Sol with his girlfriend towards the end of 2013 after ignoring the advice of his parents to stay in Britain . Police swooped on Scott last year after he flew from Holland to a remote airstrip in Norfolk . He had fake Belgian identity documents on him and more than £ 1,500 in cash . He was jailed in January for plotting to import 40 tonnes of cocaine into Britain . Police described him as the ` last man outstanding in a criminal gang that plotted to smuggle vast quantities of cocaine into the UK ' after he was sentenced to 14 years in prison at Liverpool Crown Court . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .