A husband convicted of beating his wife to death after she filed for divorce has been sentenced to 30 years to life in prison . James Robarge , 45 , from Saxtons River , Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife Kelly Robarge , 42 , who disappeared from her Charlestown home on June 27 , 2013 . Her badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in Unity . The judge said he took into account the extent to which Robarge went to conceal his wife 's killing and body , as well as the couple 's history of domestic violence . James Robarge -LRB- above pictured in court last month -RRB- , 45 , of Vermont was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison . Robarge was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of his wife , 42-year-old Kelly Robarge . The couple 's daughter , Ciera Robarge -LRB- pictured above , center , with her sister Gabriel Robarge Pellerin , right , in court last month -RRB- said her mom did not deserve this . Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years , according to Valley News . In the statement read by his lawyer on Friday , he told his daughters , ` I love you guys more than life itself ' and called their mother ` the love of my life . ' One of the couple 's daughters , Ciera Robarge , said in court that she loved and missed her mom . ` I love and miss my mom more and more every day , ' she said . ` My mom did n't deserve this . ' Kelly 's brother , Ron Prouty Jr. , faced Robarge on Friday and told him , ` I hope you rot in hell . ' Kelly 's brother , Ron Prouty Jr , told Robarge -LRB- above -RRB- he hoped he ` rotted in hell ' during the sentencing on Friday . During his murder trial , he testified that he had not killed his wife , but a New Hampshire jury convicted him of second-degree murder after deliberating for more than 12 hours over three days . After the verdict was handed down last month , Robarge 's two daughters left the courtroom sobbing and clutching one another in disbelief . According to police , Kelly had filed for divorce after 24 years of marriage on June 27 , 2013 -- the day she disappeared from her Charlestown , New Hampshire , home and her body was later found . The jury rejected a first-degree murder charge but found him guilty of second-degree murder for reckless conduct that showed ` extreme indifference to the value of human life . ' Prosecutors said the entryway to Kelly Robarge 's home contained ` countless ' spatters of blood . Family members of Kelly react in court on February 11 to the not guilty verdicts on charges of first - and second-degree murder before the announcement of a guilty verdict for the charge of second-degree murder for reckless conduct against Robarge . And James Robarge 's disabled car was found several miles from where her body was discovered with a bloodstained trunk and numerous bloody items outside it . However , most of the case was built largely on circumstantial evidence . The closest thing to an eyewitness was a Unity man who said he saw Robarge , wearing latex gloves , crouched beside his disabled car on a turnaround in Unity the night Kelly disappeared . Her body was found off a logging road not far from there , and forensics experts said metal fragments found near an oil-smeared rock on the road matched Robarge 's shattered oil pan . Due to the condition of her body , a medical examiner could not pinpoint the cause of death or determine how her head and hands became detached but concluded she died as the result of ` homicidal violence . ' Robarge -LRB- pictured in court in January -RRB- has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years . Meanwhile , one of the last people to see Kelly alive the day she disappeared was Frances Uptegrove , a physician assistant who had treated her for anxiety and depression for several years . Uptegrove testified that Kelly Robarge told her she was heading to court to file for divorce . He said : ` She seemed clear-headed , determined . She 'd made up her mind . ' In testimony spanning two days , Robarge showed no emotion as he repeatedly denied threatening or harming his wife and stared straight ahead when the verdict was announced . Robarge claimed that he did n't know his wife had filed for divorce , but he acknowledged that just days before , he found a letter from her on their kitchen counter saying she wanted one .