Six soldiers have finally been put to rest in a cemetery - more than 100 years after they were killed in the first months of World War One . The soldiers were given a burial with full military honours in an emotional ceremony which included the hymn Jerusalem in Flanders Fields , Belgium , this morning . Little has been discovered about the soldiers , as no relatives have been found , and their graves will be labelled as ` Known Unto God ' - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers , which was chosen by author Rudyard Kipling . Honoured : Soldiers carry the casket of a British World War I soldier during a reburial ceremony at Prowse Point Cemetery in Belgium . ` Known unto God ' : The identities of the six soldiers - who were found buried in a farmer 's field nearby - are unknown . Uniforms : While their names will remain unknown , four of the six soldiers regiments were identified thanks to their uniforms . Ceremony : Soldiers fold the flag on the casket of a British soldier , who was killed in October 1914 in Belgium . However , their uniforms gave a little hint at who the men had been in life : two served with The King 's Own Lancaster Regiment and two with The Lancashire Fusiliers - which both sent soldiers to attend this morning 's service . The bodies of the six soldiers were discovered in a farmer 's field in Comines-Warneton , near Le Touquet in Belgium , in 2008 and 2010 . It is thought they had been given a field burial after they were killed in October 1914 , near the city of Ypres . The area was one of the key battlegrounds at the start of the war , due to its position on Belgium 's north coast , and would continue to be so throughout the four year conflict . The First Battle of Ypres , however , raged from October 19 to November 22 , leaving 7,960 British soldiers dead , 29,562 wounded , and 17,873 missing , according to MilitaryHistory.com . The soldiers were laid to rest in Prowse Point Military Cemetery , which was used from November 1914 to April 1918 , and has the graves of 225 Commonwealth soldiers from the First World War . Respect : Soldiers carry the hats of the pallbearers during a reburial ceremony in Prowse Point Cemetery , south of Ypres . History : The cemetery started being used in November 1914 , and now has more than 200 graves of Commonwealth soldiers . Reburied : It is thought the soldiers were given a field burial during the first chaotic months of the war . Thousands : There are around 187,000 graves from the First World War that bear the ` Known Unto God ' inscription . The bodies of about 60 soldiers of all nationalities are found each year , buried across Europe , and there are around 187,000 graves from the First World War that bear the ` Known Unto God ' inscription . A year ago , 20 soldiers were buried after they were discovered as building work began to construct a prison where the Battle of Loos took place in September 1915 . On that occasion , one of the soldiers was able to be indentified : Private William McAleer , from the 7th Battalion the Royal Scottish Fusiliers . Final salute : Former soldiers pay their respects at Prowse Point Cemetery on Thursday , April 16 . Music : British Drum Major Paul Ingleton plays the Last Post during the reburial service , which took place at 10 am . Reflections : Soldiers travelled from the UK to ensure the men got the final farewell they deserved .