Nick Robinson returned to the TV screens last night , with his voice still recovering its strength after his cancer treatment . The BBC 's Political Editor announced at the start of March that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour . But he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover ` the election proper ' . Last night he returned to the BBC 's News at Six to analyse the Labour 's party 's manifesto from the studio . BBC political editor Nick Robinson made a brief return to TV screens last night -LRB- pictured -RRB- , although his voice sounded weak and strained following his cancer surgery . Mr Robinson 's voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for a bronchial carcinoid tumour which involved surgery to stop cancer spreading to other parts of the body . Afterwards he tweeted : ` Good to be back on air . Do n't worry about the voice . It does n't hurt and I 'm not risking my recovery . ' He said he was listening to his doctors and speech therapist . His return comes at a vital stage of the campaign , when the parties lay out their programmes for government to voters . The Tories ' manifesto is unveiled today and the Liberal Democrats ' is on Wednesday . Mr Robinson , 51 , who is married with three children , has been sent an outpouring of good wishes , led by Prime Minister David Cameron . In a message recorded for the BBC website earlier yesterday , Mr Robinson said his return was a ` small step ' and he did not expect to return to the campaign trail full-time at this stage . ` I 'm taking my next small step back to reporting the election after my recent operation . As you can hear , my voice is still recovering and it 's got a way to go yet . I 'm not ready to go on the campaign trail full-time , but I will be watching this week 's manifesto launches and the big opposition parties ' debate on Thursday . ` I 'll be blogging and I hope doing a little bit of broadcasting like this too . I would like to thank all those people who have sent me good wishes -- it 's really strengthened me . ` It 's a fascinating election with an extraordinarily unpredictable result and I ca n't wait to get back to reporting it full-time , which , fingers crossed , could be fairly soon . ' While he has been away , deputy political editor James Landale has been anchoring the election coverage and intereviewed all the major party leaders - landing the scoop that Mr Cameron would not stand for a third term if re-elected .