Brendan Rodgers has urged Liverpool to turn Wembley back into ` Anfield South ' and believes an FA Cup semi-final victory over Aston Villa on Sunday would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality . Rodgers is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory and his first piece of silverware since replacing Kenny Dalglish as manager in 2012 . And the Northern Irishman believes that while trophy success is imperative for any Liverpool team , success this season could pave the way for many more trips to Wembley in the future . Brendan Rodgers leads Liverpool for the first time at Wembley since arriving at the club in 2012 . Liverpool 's last trophy success came in 2012 in the League Cup under Kenny Dalglish . Rodgers wants Liverpool to reclaim the form that led Wembley being called ` Anfield South ' by supporters . ` The history of the competition is set here at Liverpool , with the great victories they 've had in the past , ' Rodgers said in an interview with The Football Association . ` And this is a club that is based around winning trophies . ` Wembley was somewhere that used to be known as ` Anfield South ' . Liverpool used to visit Wembley so much it was a regular occurrence for them . ` We have some gifted young players who we want to springboard their careers by allowing them to feel the mentality of winning and that would really help us . ' The 42-year-old Rodgers also spoke of his eagerness to claim his first piece of silverware at Liverpool . He took the side to brink of winning the Premier League for the first time last season but while Liverpool have undoubtedly progressed under his guidance , their last trophy win was the League Cup in 2012 under Dalglish . ` I want to be in the game for a long time , and be renowned as someone who is up there at the elite level and looking to win trophies , ' Rodgers said . ' -LRB- The FA Cup -RRB- is synonymous throughout the world . It 's the real competition in domestic football that the players love to win . ' Rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality for future seasons . Should Rodgers -LRB- left -RRB- guide Liverpool to victory , Steven Gerrard will have a chance to lift a cup in his last game . Rodgers has an indifferent record against Villa since arriving at Liverpool . He has beaten the club three times at Villa Park but has yet to record victory over the Midlands side at Anfield in the league in his three seasons , losing twice . Should Liverpool reach the final against Arsenal on May 30 , it would present captain Steven Gerrard with the chance to sign off his era at Liverpool by lifting a trophy .