Sheriff Mbye , who died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds outside a KFC on Friday evening . A second 18-year-old has been arrested today on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death outside a KFC restaurant . Sheriff Mbye , also 18 , died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds in a scuffle outside the restaurant in Northfield , Birmingham on Friday afternoon . Today an 18-year-old from the Birmingham area was arrested at his home address on suspicion of murder . It comes after officers arrested another 18-year-old on suspicion of murder on Friday , with officers being granted more time to question the teenager . Police were called to Bristol Road South in Birmingham just before 5 pm on Friday to reports of a stabbing outside a KFC restaurant . Officers found a 19-year-old man who has also suffered serious stab wounds being treated by customers at a nearby barbershop . Police then received reports that victim Mr Mbye had been dropped off at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham in a white Audi , which then sped off . But despite the best efforts of doctors , the 18-year-old died in hospital two hours later . Detectives launched a major murder investigation and the Audi was found abandoned in Ladywood , Birmingham , late on Friday night . Bristol Road South was reopened today but a scene is being preserved at the barber shop where the 19-year-old victim was treated by members of the public . Officers are also carrying out forensic examinations on the white Audi and trawling CCTV from the area . Police were called to a KFC restaurant -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Northfield , Birmingham , shortly after 5 pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing . Today police appealed for eyewitnesses to come forward and confirmed they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the murder . Detective Inspector Harry Harrison , from West Midlands Police , said : ` Our investigation is moving swiftly and we have received immense support from the public . ` However I would still ask anyone who witnessed the incident and has n't spoken to police to come forward . When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers . Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are currently trying to identify them . ` In particular I would like to speak to a young woman who was nearby pushing a pram as the incident happened and was clearly distressed by what she saw . ` I would like to reassure the community that we are building a very clear picture of what happened on Friday evening and we are not looking for anyone else in connection with Sheriff Mybe 's murder . ` Our thoughts remain with his family as they continue to come to terms with his death . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .