An extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an Aussie Digger wearing a slouch hat . The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York , far north Queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye . Mr Allan , from the Archer River Roadhouse , says the image is quite fitting considering the upcoming centenary of Anzac Day . The 50-year-old describes it as ` the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years ' . An extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an Aussie Digger in a slouch hat . It was Easter Monday morning when Mr Allan decided to take the boat out to Weipa , a town in Cape York which is north west of Cairns , when he captured the amazing image . ` I was going out fishing at about 5.45 am in the morning with my wife and some mates when I looked out at the horizon , ' he said . ` I saw the remnants of a storm cloud which oddly looked like a soldier in a slouch hat . ` I quickly took out my phone and grabbed a few shots of the clouds before it changed in the space of five minutes . I guess I was at the right place at the right time . ' The image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on Gallipoli . ` For those with a bit of an imagination , if you look closely at the clouds you can almost see facial features like a nose and moustache . It 's quite eerie but I think it 's also quite fitting considering it 's the centenary of Gallipoli , ' Mr Allan said . ` It 's almost like the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years . ' An Australian soldier stand during a ceremony for Anzac Day last year . This comes as travellers heading to Anzac Day events overseas have been urged to heed safety warnings and get insurance . Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said more than 15,000 Australians planned to attend overseas events commemorating the centenary of Anzac Day , with services in Turkey , France , Belgium , Malaysia , Thailand and Papua New Guinea . She said the 100th anniversary of Gallipoli was a significant event for all Australians . Prime Minister Tony Abbott said normal security precautions were in place at Gallipoli . He would n't confirm reports Australian spies and special forces personnel had been sent to Turkey amid fears of a terrorist attack . He said appropriate security measures were in place for an international event of this scale . The government has prepared a series of Anzac Day traveller bulletins online . For all destinations , the government urges travellers to take out travel insurance and register on the Smartraveller website . For Turkey , travellers should have a high degree of caution because of the threat of terrorist attack . Anyone travelling to Turkey will need to obtain a visa and only those with attendance passes will be able to attend the official 2015 commemorations . For Anzac Day events in France and Belgium , travellers are advised to exercise normal safety precautions .