Whether it 's from a university or a new employer , we all know that horrible , deflated feeling that comes with getting a rejection letter . But 17-year-old Siobhan O'Dell hit back after being sent a rejection letter from Duke University , by sending the admissions office a message of her own , rejecting their rejection . The teenager , from North Carolina , had applied to the prestigious college in her home state , but on March 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade . Scroll down for video . Siobahn O'Dell , 17 , from North Carolina , sent this response to an email from the admissions department at Duke University telling her she had missed out on a place . However , refusing to take no for an answer , she wrote back , saying : ` After careful consideration , I regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the Fall 2015 freshman class at Duke . Mirroring the standard format of college rejection letters , she added : ` Despite Duke 's outstanding success in rejecting previous applicants , you simply did not meet my qualifications . ` Therefore , I will be attending Duke University 's 2015 freshmen class . I look forward to seeing you then . ' Speaking to MailOnline about the letter , she said : ` They sent me a typical college rejection letter , `` This year we had an outstanding pool of applicants ... '' , blah , blah , blah . ` It made me realize how much power universities have over students . Seniors labor over applications , stress over waiting , and sometimes cry over the answer . Then that 's it . ` The college has all the power . But what if that was n't it ? What if we got to treat the college like they treated us ? I wanted to give them a taste of their own medicine . ' Miss O'Dell 's letter has attracted nearly 100,000 likes and rebolgs since she posted it to her Tumblr account , and will even feature in Duke 's college newspaper . Since posting a copy of the letter to her Tumblr account , the image has gone viral , attracting nearly 100,000 likes and reblogs since first being posted . Speaking about the popularity of the email , she said : ` I obviously was n't expecting it to get this popular , it was just meant as a joke . ` My friends all it 's hilarious , I have n't showed my mom yet but she 'll get a good laugh out of it . ` My only regret is not proof reading it first as a few people have pointed out the bad grammar . ' Not sharing the joke : Duke University did respond to Miss O'Dell 's email , but clearly did n't share her sense of humour , instead telling her she could appeal their decision , but was unlikely to get it overturned . While Miss O'Dell 's letter did n't earn her a place at Duke , it seems to have got the attention of students on campus , and is even set to feature in the college newspaper . Duke did eventually respond to her rejection letter , but did n't appear to share the joke , instead telling her that should could appeal their decision , but ` it 's very rare ' for the call to be overturned . However Miss O'Dell , who also goes by her middle name of Reece , has no need for an appeal after being awarded a place at the University of Southern California . She said : ` I 'm going to major in biology and minor in mathematics . My goal is to be a pediatrician . I look forward to going to USC this fall . '