Mick Schumacher made his official pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday as he made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015 . The 16-year-old , son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael , drew huge media interest to the Oschersleben circuit in Germany as he drove his Van Amersfoort car . The young protege began karting seven years ago , and this year reached the German Formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers . Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 pre-season test debut with Van Amersfoort on Wednesday . The 16-year-old , son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael , looks relaxed at the Oschersleben circuit . Schumacher will need time to make his way as a driver , according to team manager Frits van Amersfoort . While this was the first time the public were able to check out Mick in action in his new car , his pre-season practice did n't quite go to plan as he was involved in a 100mph crash last month . However , German newspaper Bild reported that the crash was minor and Mick walked away from the accident uninjured . His father , who is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident at his home in Switzerland , has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1 , and Mick 's boss Frits van Amersfoort says the youngster will need time . ` Of course we know that his father is a seven time world champion , ' he said . ` But I want to emphasise that Mick will take the time to learn the trade of the racing driver . ' Mick signed a contract with Van Amersfoort Racing to drive in the Formula 4 in March , and links up with team-mate Harrison Newey , the son of the Red Bull designer Adrian . He finished second in the world , European and German kart championships last season . Mick 's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1 and is a legend of the sport . The youngster drives his car into the gravel during a media day in Germany . Mick will be looking to follow in the footsteps of father Michael in the future .