A Perth woman who claimed she cured her cancer using a dietary program where she ate vast amounts of pineapple has pledged to release her medical records after critics questioned claims about her ` magic diet ' . In the wake of recent controversy surrounding ` wellness warriors ' such as Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson and the death of Gerson Therapy advocate Jessica Ainscough , bloggers have demanded ` irrefutable proof ' that modelling agent Candice-Marie Fox cured her cancer ` with juice ' . Ms Fox said she was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 . She initially had surgery to remove tumours from her neck that September and she then underwent a course of radiation treatment to ` mop up ' the cancer in December . But when a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body , Ms Fox rejected further conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online . Scroll down for video . As a model , Candice Marie-Fox -LRB- right -RRB- rubbed shoulders with the likes of last year 's Bachelor Blake Garvey . Juice in hand : Candice-Marie Fox -LRB- pictured -RRB- claims to have cured her cancer with a nutritional program involving the heavy consumption of pineapples . Ms Fox underwent surgery and radiation treatment . She is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details . ` I was feeling a bit lost , just winging it on the internet myself , ' she said , until she discovered a U.S. organisation called the Nutritional Oncology Research Institute . She would sometimes spend weeks on a fruit-only diet , taking up yoga and leaving her stressful job behind to join a positive-thinking dance group called The Liberators International . Her diet program involved her drinking ` morning juice ' , dipping into boxes of pineapples each hour and taking vitamins . Ms Fox said when she returned to the doctors months after embracing her new lifestyle , medical staff found her cancer had been radically reduced in size and is now gone . ` I have got rid of it all -LRB- the cancer -RRB- 100 per cent myself through just hardcore nutrition , loving myself and meditating , adopting all stuff I thought never would have worked , ' she said . Bloggers have questioned that assertion , demanding medical evidence for her claims and questioning her understanding of her radiation treatment . ` I am merely requesting that you are transparent about something as serious as being able to cure cancer using nutritional means , ' one wrote . ` The truth is not negative or mean or bullying in any way whatsoever . ' In response , Ms Fox said she was applying to obtain all her relevant medical records , which will take 45 to 60 days to obtain . She is planning release them in a PDF file , without personal details such as her Medicare number and contact details . Ms Fox also said she is seeking a trusted independent investigator to examine her claims and insisted she is not promoting her cause for fame or money . ` I did n't even know about this Belle Gibson lady , ' she said . ` I do n't know whether she did have cancer or what . ' Ms Fox -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been questioned by bloggers over claims she cured her cancer through a diet as well as meditation . As part of the modelling world , Ms Fox is friends with The Bachelor Blake Garvey . ` I did n't even know about this Belle Gibson lady , ' she said . ` I do n't know whether she did have cancer or what . ' ` All I know is , she 's not me , I 'm not her . ` My story is so far removed from anybody else 's story because it 's mine . ` It 's unique , and it 's exactly how it happened . ` So why am I not allowed to share that ? ` Why am I not allowed to help people heal ? I 'm not making money out of this , I 'm not trying to hurt anyone . ' ` I 'm not a fraud and I 'm not a fake ' . Ms Fox said she ` totally understood ' that people were sceptical and that people were concerned her message could discourage people from seeking conventional treatments - but that was n't her agenda . ` It just seems they 've got this massive agenda to break down my story . ` I know I can sleep at night and in my heart I am doing what I know to be right . ' ` I have n't changed anything , I have n't deleted anything . ` It really did change the way I f *** ing lived ' . Cancer Council nutritionist Kathy Chapman said maintaining a healthy diet is ` one of the things you can do to support your treatment ' , but dismissed ` magic diets ' as unproven . ` I think it 's really important for anybody who is facing cancer that they put their faith in medical doctors who are going to be backed up by sound research , ' Ms Chapman said . ` A lot of the people claiming these cures with special magic diets you need to ask - where 's the scientific studies there to back them up , and they are missing in this case . ' Oncologist Dr Ian Olver , the director of the Samsom Institute , said there was evidence a diet of fresh fruit and vegetables with less red meat could prevent cancer . But Dr Olver , from the University of South Australia , said there was little evidence to suggest food could cure cancer and that he was concerned about the popularity of so-called ` wellness warriors ' . ` People may be lured into abandoning or not taking up potentially curative treatments because something 's become popular for which there is no evidence . ` Even if someone claimed they were cured by a certain diet , you 'd like to know if that happened one in two -LRB- cases -RRB- or one in 20000 - but these anecdotes get blown up into suggestions for lifestyle . ' Candice -LRB- pictured left -RRB- would sometimes spend weeks on a fruit-only diet , taking up yoga and leaving her stressful job behind to join a positive-thinking dance group called The Liberators International .