Soaring immigration means most parts of the country could have fewer available primary school places than pupils in just two years . Pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom and continued migration , forcing schools to boost class sizes and add classrooms . The Local Government Association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed . Pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom and continued migration , forcing schools to boost class sizes and classrooms - but say they may not be able to continue doing so . Its analysis of official figures indicates that by September next year , two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places . This will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year . It comes after the head of Ofsted Sir Michael Wilshaw warned last year that schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils . ` When they 're faced with an influx of children from other countries , they need the resources and capacity to deal with it and if those resources are n't there , that 's a big issue for government , ' he said . In 2013 , a leaked paper prepared by the Department for Education revealed a steady increase in the number of babies being born has helped fuel the crisis . The LGA said that councils have created more than 300,000 primary school places since May 2010 , with many increasing class sizes . Money set aside for school repair programmes has been diverted into converting areas such as music rooms into classrooms . The Local Government Association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate needed . But the association warned the situation is reaching a ` tipping point ' and made a fresh call for an incoming government to hand councils enough cash and fresh powers to open new schools and establish more places . It comes as parents brace themselves for ` primary school offers day ' later this month , when councils will tell families whether they secured their first choice of school . Last year , research based on an LGA report found an extra 130,000 primary places would be needed across the country within three years . Many parts of the country saw a rise in applications last year and up to four in ten children were denied admission to their chosen primary schools . David Simmonds , the chairman of the LGA 's children and young people board , said : ` Mums and dads rightly expect their child to be able to get a school place where they live . ` But our fear is that we will reach a tipping point when councils or schools can not afford the massive cost of creating places or find the space necessary for new classes . ' Yesterday , Labour seized on the predictions to attack the Coalition 's free schools programme , claiming that it was creating extra places in areas where they were not needed . Labour 's education spokesman Tristram Hunt said : ` David Cameron 's crisis in school places is yet more evidence the Tory plan is failing children and working families . ` Make no mistake , his decision to plough hundreds of millions of taxpayers ' money on free schools into areas where there are no shortages of school places comes at the expense of the families in the areas where there is a desperate need . ' According to the LGA , no areas currently have more pupils than places , as councils in oversubscribed parts of the country have managed to create enough slots . Of the more than half of areas expected to have more pupils than places by 2017/18 , the worst hit will be in London and the South East . Unless action is taken , the LGA estimates that Harrow in North West London will have 122 pupils for every 100 places , while Newham in East London will have 120 and Reading will have 114 . The worst-hit areas are those which tend to be popular with both young families and migrants . ` Human right ' : Play can help children develop socially . Children should be allowed to learn through playing in the classroom until they reach the age of seven , a union says . Many pupils are not ready to sit down to do formal reading , writing and maths when they start school , according to the National Union of Teachers . Instead the union is expected to call for ` play in the curriculum ' throughout infant schools , at its annual conference this weekend . The union is also due to raise the issue of lunch and break times , which it believes are being used for ` coaching and cramming ' too often . Members believe this deprives youngsters of their ` fundamental human right to play ' and socialise with their classmates . Instead , schools should follow the lead of countries such as Finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute playtimes , the teachers said . A resolution due to be put forward at the conference tomorrow says : ` Primary schools are now being driven more and more towards a test and accountability culture which in turn makes them drive children of primary age to be educated in a formal way . ' It goes on to suggest that learning through play is known to help youngsters develop vital communication and social skills and that ` over-formalisation of learning can cause disaffection with school ' . Speaking ahead of the conference , NUT general secretary Christine Blower said many children are not ready for the ` formal , sitting down , `` come on let 's do some work '' stage ' before they are seven . ` There is a question about whether we 're expecting children to do things they 're not developmentally ready for , ' she said . The resolution comes amid growing debate over what children should learn , with politicians and education experts increasingly calling for schools to instil and teach values and abilities such as character , teamwork and resilience alongside academic subjects .