A man was allegedly bashed by a family with glass bottles and windscreen wipers at a McDonald 's drive-through after he waved at them thinking they were his friends . Colin Mcinerney , 28 , claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man , two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin . The man 's 22-year-old girlfriend , Rachael Sheppard , told the NT News he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin . Colin Mcinerney , 28 , claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man , two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin . ` Then we arrived at Maccas and pulled up and the same car came through the drive through and the man got out and started yelling at us and asking what the hand gesture was all about and going right off his head , ' Ms Sheppard said . Despite telling the family they thought they were someone different , the older man allegedly started bashing Mr Mcinerney . ` He even smashed a beer bottle over Col 's head ... it did n't look good , ' Ms Sheppard said . ` I was yelling for him to stop and next thing you know three boys have jumped out of the back of their car and started bashing Col too . ' Ms Sheppard said a woman behind the wheel of the car allegedly tried to ram her as Mr Mcinerney ran for cover at a nearby petrol station . ' -LRB- They -RRB- caught up with Col and kept bashing and choking him , ' she said . ` The younger boys were grabbing windscreen cleaners and water bottles and even had a windscreen wiper off their own car that they were using to attack Col with . ' NT Police Duty Superintendent Louise Jorgensen says officers were called to the McDonalds about 7.15 pm following reports of a ` violent disturbance ' . NT Police Duty Superintendent Louise Jorgensen says officers were called to the McDonalds near Darwin about 7.15 pm following reports of a ` violent disturbance ' ` It was confirmed that two groups were travelling in their respective vehicles in the rural area when they pulled up beside each other at a set of traffic lights , ' she said in a statement . ` One did a hand gesture to which another took offence . Both vehicles pulled over in McDonalds and a nasty altercation ensued . ' Supt Jorgensen said most of the passengers in the vehicles became involved , including the girlfriends and children of both drivers . ` There were accusations of weapons being involved and one of the parties ramming the other 's vehicle , ' she said . Police arrived when the altercation had moved to the service station . Supt Jorgensen said Mr Mcinerney and the 35-year-old male drive and his 36-year-old female companion were arrested and later released without charge . The men were taken to Royal Darwin Hospital for treatment . Witnesses are urged to contact Police on 131444 or Crimestoppers on 1800 333 000 .