She might be celebrating her 75th birthday , but an overjoyed Queen Margrethe of Denmark looked far younger as she waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the Amalienborg Palace . The Danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons , Crown Prince Frederik , 46 , and Prince Joachim , 45 , who were with her again for a procession down Copenhagen shopping street Strøget to the Københavns Rådhus -LSB- city hall -RSB- for a slap-up lunch . And the two were by Margrethe 's side once again in the evening when the Danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display . Early arrivals : Crown Princess Mary and Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark were among the first guests to arrive for the gala dinner . Cut-out : Crown Princess Mary 's bell-sleeved dress featured a rather risque cutaway bar , showing off her ponytail . Smart : Denmark 's Princess Marie and Prince Joachim were next to arrive with Prince Joachim wearing a striking red velvet tuxedo . Smart : Denmark 's Princess Marie chose a floor-length ivory dress covered in delicate beads . Joining them was Frederik 's Australian-born wife Mary , 43 , who opted for a striking silver gown featuring a neat high neckline and dramatic blouson sleeves . Margrethe 's other daughter-in-law , the French-born Princess Marie , 39 , was also at Fredensborg and looked wonderful in a floor-length cream beaded gown . Other members of the Danish Royal Family to attend the event included Margrethe 's sister Princess Benedikte , 70 , who chose a summery floral dress with a square neck and sheer train . As with Wednesday night 's lavish dinner at Christiansborg Palace , Danish prime minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt was on the guest list and cut a dramatic figure in a heavily sequinned black and nude dress . But while socialist politician Ms Thorning-Schmidt , who is married to former Labour MP Neil Kinnock 's son Stephen , caught the eye , it was the many royals in attendance who took centre stage . Looking good : Queen Margrethe -LRB- right -RRB- and Princess Benedikte chose complementary gowns in striking lilac and pink . Gorgeous : Danish prime minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt cut a glamorous figure in her sequinned black gown . Making an entrance : King Constantine II and Queen Anne-Marie of Greece -LRB- left -RRB- and Princess Elisabeth of Denmark -LRB- right -RRB- . The Danish Queen Margreth made a striking entrance in her wide skirted dress and chic up ` do . The monarch appeared to be full of fun again as she took her seat in the middle of the top table . Crown Princess Victoria from Sweden , also in a floor-length , beaded gown , looks for her place at the dinner party . Spectacular : Fireworks explode over Fredensborg Castle at the end of the gala dinner . Magnificent : The display had been laid on to mark Margrethe 's 75th birthday . Stunning : The 262-year-old castle , which was built by Frederik IV , was lit up by the flashes from the exploding fireworks . From Sweden came the country 's King Carl XVI Gustaf and his glamorous Brazilian-born wife Silvia , who arrived with Crown Princess Victoria , 37 , who looked ravishing in a spectacular sequinned dress . The Norwegian Royal Family was represented by dashing Crown Prince Haakon , 41 , who had arrived in the Danish capital earlier that day to mark Queen Margrethe 's birthday alongside his wife , the ice blonde Crown Princess Mette-Marit . Margrethe 's birthday celebrations had kicked off with a touching family wake-up call , which saw Margrethe 's two sons and their families join crowned heads from the Netherlands , Belgium and Luxembourg to sing traditional Danish folk songs beneath her window . Next on her agenda was an appearance on the balcony of the Amalienborg Palace alongside her son and heir , Crown Prince Frederik , 46 , his wife Crown Princess Mary , 43 , and their four children . Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared , watched by members of other European royal dynasties , among them Sweden 's and Norway 's . Also on the balcony was Margrethe 's second son , Joachim , 45 , his French wife Princess Marie , his children from his first marriage , Nikolai , 15 , and Felix , 12 , and his youngest two , Henrik , five , Athena , three . One royal who could n't be present on the balcony or for the gala dinner at Fredensborg that followed was Margrethe 's 80-year-old husband Prince Henrik who , according to palace officials , is suffering from flu . The French-born royal also missed the carriage procession down Copenhagen shopping street Strøget to the Rådhus and was replaced for the day by his son Frederik . Royal wave : Queen Margrethe is flanked by her sons Frederik and Joachim as she waves to the crowds . Celebrating : Denmark 's Crown Prince Frederik , his wife Mary and their nine-year-old son Prince Christian on the balcony . Family affair : Frederik and Mary were joined by their four children , including twins Vincent and Josephine . Pay attention ! Four-year-old Vincent appeared more interested in scaling the balcony rails . What 's going on ? Prince Christian grimaces at something in the crowd during his grandmother 's birthday celebrations . Despite being without Prince Henrik , the appearance proved a cheerful affair - largely thanks to the antics of four-year-old Prince Vincent , who did his best to scale the railings of the balcony . Held back by his father , the youngster smiled mischievously and was quickly copied by his twin sister Josephine - much to their mother Princess Mary 's amusement . Australian-born Mary , who was elegant in a navy ensemble topped with a grey cocktail hat , certainly appeared to be enjoying the moment , smiling broadly as she stood with her four children . Frederik , meanwhile , was content to wave to the crowd and at one point leaned down to whisper in the ear of his older son , nine-year-old Prince Christian . Girls together : Prince Joachim holds his three-year-old daughter Athena , while Crown Princess Mary clutches four-year-old Josephine . Overjoyed : Queen Margrethe , who was without her husband Prince Henrik , appeared overcome . Saying thank you : Margrethe , who was resplendent in a turquoise ensemble , waved to the crowds . Saying hello : The Danish royals toured Copenhagen following the balcony appearance . Enjoying the day : Denmark 's Princess Marie , Crown Princess Mary and Queen Margrethe wave to the crowds outside the Amalienborg Palace . Enjoying the ride : Margrethe and Mary sat opposite each other during the procession along Strøget . Pomp : The royals were followed down main shopping street Strøget by a detachment of guards . Birthday wishes : Queen Margrethe enjoyed an official luncheon at the Københavns Rådhus at the end of the procession along Strøget . Joining in : Swedish royals , including Crown Princess Victoria , also appeared on the balcony . Showing their support : Sweden 's 65-year-old King Carl XVI Gustaf and his Brazilian-born wife , Queen Silvia . Support : Norway 's Crown Prince Haakon , Crown Princess Mette-Marit and King Harald on the balcony . Enjoying the moment : Deposed King Constantine II of Greece , his wife Queen Anne-Marie and Princess Benedickte of Denmark on the balcony . Last night 's banquet was the finale in a two-day orgy of celebration that began on Wednesday night with a dinner at Christiansborg Palace that brought together royals from the Netherlands , Belgium , Spain and Luxembourg as well as those from Sweden and Norway . Spain 's King Felipe and Queen Letizia , the youngest reigning royals in Europe , led the way in , followed by the equally glamorous King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands . Norway 's King Harald , who joined the Danish royals on the balcony , was accompanied by his wife Queen Sonia , and his son Crown Prince Haakon and daughter-in-law Mette Marit . Sweden 's 65-year-old King Carl XIV Gustaf also brought his heir , in his case Crown Princess Victoria , 38 , and her former personal trainer husband , Prince Daniel . Other royals to attend included the elegant Queen Mathilde of the Belgians who shimmered in a stunning purple gown at Wednesday night 's event and smiled broadly as she made her way inside on the arm of husband King Philippe . Watch out for the wind ! Norway 's Crown Princess Mette-Marit , 41 , and Sweden 's Crown Princess Victoria , 37 , attended the event . Future queen : Crown Princess Victoria chats to her husband and former personal trainer Prince Daniel , 41 , during the celebration . Outpouring : Thousands gathered outside the Amalienborg Palace and along Strøget . Overjoyed faces : Flag-waving crowds snapped pics outside the Amalienborg Palace . Crowd control : Thousands of revellers patiently awaited for the royals to come out on the balcony . Denmark 's official royal magazine , Billed Bladet , celebrates Margrethe 's 75th birthday by featuring the queen on the cover . Joyful : The crowds were particularly delighted when Queen Margrethe appeared on the balcony . Wake up : Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary prepare to wake Queen Margrethe . Friendly : Crown Princess Mary with Queen Maxima -LRB- left -RRB- and Crown Prince Frederik with nephew Nikolai . Windy : The chilly Danish weather appeared to be taking its toll on Crown Princess Mary 's hair . Getting better : Queen Mathilde , who recently injured her knee , showed off a black knee-brace . All smiles : The Belgian royals and Grand Duc Henri of Luxembourg also took part in the wake-up . Excited : Prince Joachim 's youngest son Henrik , five , -LRB- in blue coat -RRB- looked thrilled to be taking part . Delighted : Queen Margrethe looked pleased with her wake-up and smiled broadly at her family . Hello there ! She then leaned down to wave at the gathering below . The former ruler of Greece , King Constantine II , 74 , also attended , as did his wife Queen Anne-Marie who was ravishing in her emeralds . Iceland , a colony of Denmark for more than 600 years , was also represented , with President Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson attending with his Israeli wife , Dorrit Moussaieff . Several speeches were made during the dinner , including a tribute from Crown Prince Frederik which the 46-year-old made in three different languages . Speech ! Crown Prince Frederik paid tribute to his mother in three languages last night . Guests : King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of the Belgians and King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain . Chat : Grand Duc Henri of Luxembourg chats to Crown Princess Mary during the dinner . Celebrating : Joachim and Marie of Denmark and Willem-Alexander and Maxima of the Netherlands . Glamorous gathering : The scene in the banqueting room at the Christiansborg Palace last night .