A size 16 student who used to fork out £ 5,000 a year on pizza has dropped a staggering four dress sizes since ditching takeaways . Amelia Morton , 23 , from Birmingham , who weighed 12-and-a-half stone , was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father : ` Boys do n't fancy fat girls ' . The trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university , spending almost £ 1,000 on food in her first term alone . Amelia was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father : ` Boys do n't fancy fat girls ' Amelia , pictured left before losing weight and , right , after , continued to binge on doughy snacks , completely unaware that she had a wheat intolerance . ` My pizza diet left me feeling bloated and unwell and I just kept piling on the pounds , ' says Amelia . ` There were weeks where I 'd go to Pizza Hut or Dominoes every single night of the week . ` I got caught up in the student lifestyle and did n't realise what I was doing to my body . ' Despite having saved for her course in business and enterprise at University College Birmingham , Amelia was forced to get a part-time job in retail to fund her eating habits . Amelia says the Cambridge Weight Plan taught her how to eat like a normal person by controlling her portion sizes and realising when something was too much . Just over a year on , Amelia , from Edgbaston , Birmingham , wears a slinky size 8 dress . Now a consultant herself , Amelia is helping other people lose weight through the Cambridge Weight Plan . Completely unaware of her wheat intolerance , Amelia continued to binge on doughy snacks , which left her bloated and struggling to fit into her size 14 jeans and size 16 tops . By her third year of university , despite trying Weight Watchers , Slim Fast and Body By Vi diets , Amelia had failed to fight the flab . It was only when her dad sat her down one day and explained that ` boys do n't fancy fat girls ' that that she decided to lose weight the weight once and for all . ` I could n't believe my dad had said that but I also found it funny , ' she says . ` What was a 60-year-old man to know ? ` It was n't a nasty comment . My dad 's just a very straight-talking guy and I just thought it was really funny . He 's so lovely - the best dad I could ask for , and he would never do anything mean or malicious . Amelia was shocked into shedding the pounds after being told by her dad that ` boys did n't fancy fat girls ' . Weighing 12.5 stone , left , she went on to lose three stone , right . One day after graduation , Amelia was at her sister 's house for a meal . ` Something just clicked ' , she says . ` A friend of mine had done Cambridge while we were students and it had worked really well for her so I thought I would give it a go ' ` He said it out of concern really because he was worried that people would be mean to me if I put on too much weight . ` And him , and my sister , were really supportive and encouraging when I decided to lose weight . ' She added : ` My sister is really slim and one day after I graduated I was at her house for a meal and something just clicked . ` A friend of mine had done Cambridge while we were students and it had worked really well for her so I thought I would give it a go . ` I was so bad at dieting but Cambridge was so easy to follow - because it is all planned out you do n't even have to think about it and so there 's much less temptation to stray . ` And my sister really helped me and was really encouraging and supportive . ' Despite having saved for her course in business and enterprise at University College Birmingham , Amelia was forced to get a part-time job in retail to fund her eating habits . With the encouragement of her sister - a slim size 8 - Amelia signed up for the Cambridge Weight Plan and revolutionised her diet . In just five months , Amelia 's weight plummeted from 12 and a half stone to 9 and a half stone . She says the plan taught her how to eat like a normal person by controlling her portion sizes and realising when something was too much . ` Because it started off so well I could n't wait to keep going and shedding my fat , ' says Amelia . ` Now I ca n't believe I ever ate the amount I did - and I rarely have a pizza ! ' Just over a year on , Amelia , from Edgbaston , Birmingham , wears a slinky size 8 dress . Now a consultant herself , Amelia is helping other people lose weight through the Cambridge Weight Plan . BREAKFAST : Either skipped breakfast or had a full English in the university canteen . SNACK : Starbucks Frappuccino and a muffin . LUNCH : Cheesy chicken pasta with crisps and a brownie . SNACKS : Bag of crisps in lectures . DINNER : Pizza or a Chinese takeaway . MIDNIGHT FEAST : Another Takeaway pizza . BREAKFAST : Avocado and eggs on gluten-free wholemeal toast or a Cambridge shake . LUNCH : Grilled chicken salad . DINNER : Curry homemade from scratch with cauliflower rice . She says : ` I was never overweight as a child - in fact I ate really well and healthily . But when I started uni I had a horrific diet . I put on two and a half stone after just three months . ` I spent more on food than the average four-person family because I ate out so much . She says she then tried every diet under the sun : WeightWatchers , Slim Fast , Body By VI , HCG and MyFitnessPal . ` I even tried to just cut my food intake down to just 500 calories a day , ' says Amelia . ` But I always gave up within two days after it seemed to make no impact . ` I can hardly believe that I can now put on size 8 clothes ! '