Old-stager Jamie Peacock scored a try double as Leeds claimed a 20th successive victory over Salford . The 37-year-old Rhinos prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months but went over twice in the first half to help the Super League table toppers to their fifth win in a row . Salford 's last home win against the Rhinos was a 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in November 1993 and their wait goes on after a 28-18 loss . But their depleted side turned in a battling show , trailing 16-12 at half-time , before slipping to only their second defeat in the last eight games . Jamie Peacock broke his try drought with a double for Leeds in their win over Salford on Sunday . Full-back Niall Evalds followed up his two-try show against Wigan with another brace with the Red Devils other touchdown from Lama Tasi . Peacock crossed for his side 's first two tries before Ash Handley , the outstanding Rob Burrow and Zak Hardaker went in to seal a hard-fought win in difficult conditions . Salford , already without the suspended Rangi Chase and Weller Hauraki , were shorn of another six regulars but coach Iestyn Harris was not taking the voluntary option to rest any of his players before Saturday 's cup tie at Leigh . His hand was forced with Tommy Lee , Kevin Locke , Josh Griffin , Cory Paterson and brothers Jordan and Adam Walne all injured . Harris handed debuts to Under-19 captain Ryan Lannon - cousin of Gareth Hock - and 20-year-old Matty Gee with the back-row pair starting in the bench . Apart from injured wingers Tom Briscoe and Ryan Hall , the Rhinos were also missing Kallum Watkins against the club where he started as a junior , Jamie Jones-Buchanan and Kylie Leuluai . Kevin Sinfield used the strong wind to his advantage from the start with his kick off blowing back to give his side possession . But handling errors by Peacock and Handley gave Salford confidence although Leeds had the first chance to go ahead after 16 minutes . Ben Jones-Bishop spilled a pass in the wind with Danny McGuire pouncing on the loose ball 40 metres out but was hauled down by Theo Fages . The Rhinos did manage to go in front after 22 minutes when Peacock charged over from close range after Salford conceded back-to-back penalties with Sinfield tagging on the conversion . But the Red Devils hit back immediately with Fages ' side-stepping run sending sub Tasi over with Michael Dobson 's kick levelling the scores . Then Evalds shot through the Leeds defence to fire Salford into a 12-6 lead . Peacock struck again to level at 12-12 after being the quickest to react to McGuire 's grubber kick . Salford thought they had regained the advantage four minutes before the break when Hardaker failed to gather Dobson 's towering kick in the gale and Scott Taylor collected the ball to race over . But referee Matt Thomason ruled Taylor was offside before he was forced to hold up play when an advertising hoarding blew onto the pitch . The wind then came to the Rhinos aid with kicks by Liam Sutcliffe and Stevie Ward held back by the conditions for Handley to cross in the corner and make it 16-12 at half-time . Handley looked suspiciously offside for his try and it had been a valiant effort by the Red Devils before the break . Leeds have themselves some breathing space early in the second half with Joel Moon slipping two tackles against his old club for the supporting Burrow to scamper over and stretch the lead to 22-12 . Salford refused to concede defeat and cut the gap back to four points when Evalds out jumped Handley for his second try from a well judged Dobson kick after 57 minutes . But Salford 's elation was short lived when Burrow 's burst set up the chance for Hardaker to scythe past Tasi and make it 28-18 on the hour and wrap things up .