A 17-year-old girl arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was hospitalized and the corpse of a three-year-old child was found at a North Las Vegas home will not face criminal charges . The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services , said Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson . ` This child is a victim in this case and can best receive appropriate and necessary services through the dependency court system and family services , ' Wolfson said in a statement . Scroll down for video . Jondrew Megil Lachaux -LRB- left -RRB- , 39 , an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips -LRB- right -RRB- , 38 , have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a North Las Vegas home . North Las Vegas police Officer Aaron Patty said the four-month-old child was released from a hospital and turned over on Monday to the custody of Clark County Child Protective Services . Police in North Las Vegas are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl 's mother , Kellie Cherie Phillips , 38 , a man she described as her stepfather , Jondrew Magil Lachaux , 39 , and the discovery of the couple 's three-year-old daughter dead in the back seat of a broken-down car in the garage of a home on Wood Thrush Place . Phillips and Lachaux have six children together while the teenager is from another relationship . Lachaux , an ex-convict , was arrested April 7 and Phillips was arrested April 8 on allegations that they abandoned the teenager and the toddler in a North Las Vegas house and took their other five children to Oakland , California . The other children -- ages one , four , seven , eight and nine -- were found with Phillips in good health . They have been placed in the custody of family services . Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant , but she did not know , reports the Review Journal . Phillips and Lachaux , who are not married , were being held pending court appearances this week on felony charges of child abuse . The teen told police that her mother did n't know she was pregnant with Lachaux 's child when the rest of the family left last year in a crowded rental car . She said she gave birth at home last November with no medical care . The girl told police her sickly three-year-old sister died several weeks ago , and that Lachaux returned to the house in late March and moved the decomposing corpse to an old Mercedes sedan parked in the garage , covering the corpse with old pizza boxes . A police SWAT team broke into the couple 's house -LRB- above -RRB- and discovered the corpse of the three-year-old girl . Lachaux kicked the teen out of the house , police said , and she lived for several days in public places including the Las Vegas Strip and McCarran International Airport before someone noticed the sick baby and summoned authorities . The infant is recovering after being hospitalized in critical condition for severe malnutrition and hypothermia , police said . The girl told investigators the child survived on watered-down baby formula . Records show that Lachaux served prison time in Nevada from June 2006 to August 2008 on a coercion conviction and that he and Phillips were involved in a legal dispute in Reno 's family court until 2010 .