Looks like Lewis Hamilton has landed himself a cameo role in Zoolander 2 . The F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel , in a scene that looked like Ben Stiller 's male model was taking part in a catwalk show with Owen Wilson 's Hansel . Cameo : Lewis Hamilton and Olivia Munn film scenes in Rome for Zoolander 2 . Hamilton was sat front row with Olivia Munn and busily chatting in between takes on Friday . He donned a stylish red camouflage suit with a white shirt and sunglasses for the runway scene while Olivia wore a shaggy fur coat over the shoulders of a fashion forward dress . They happily chatted and showed each other their phones as they waited for the scene to be set . At one point , star and director Ben came over to chat to them , before changing into his Derek outfit . The British race car driver and actress have done well to nab a coveted cameo in the comedy sequel . The scene seems to show celebrities and fashionistas have gathered to watch Derek Zoolander 's latest show . Lewis and Olivia happily chatted and checked out each other 's phones in between takes . Star and director Ben Stiller chats to Lewis and Olivia on Friday evening . He and Owen both wore red all-in-ones with labels on the front that said ` Hello my name is OLD ' on Derek and ` Hello my name is LAME ' on Hansel 's . Both actors wore silver boots to complete their ensemble in the collection that seemed to be focused on age and illness as some models looked like grannies and others used crutches . Hamilton arrived on a private plane for the night shoot , which was a fashion show . He left Rome the morning after the shoot . Hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen having previously lent his voice to Disney animation Cars 2 . This cameo marks Lewis 's big screen live-action debut in a movie . He previously voiced himself in the Disney animation sequel starring Owen Wilson . Zoolander 2 is one of the most highly-anticipated films of 2016 . Owen Wilson voiced the main motor Lightning McQueen in the kids ' film , so they 've previously worked together , though probably did n't meet during their studio sessions . So far Penelope Cruz , Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are believed to have cameo roles too , with Billy Zane also getting a role which may not be as himself . His casting was announced on Ben Stiller 's social media channels , but the bald actor was wearing a Hansel style wig , so maybe taking on a different role , after playing himself in the first film . Owen and Ben return as Hansel and Derek in the follow-up to their 2001 hit . The actors don red jumpsuits with ` Hello My Name Is OLD ' and `` Hello My Name Is LAME ' The plot , written by Justin Theroux , centres on Derek and Hansel who are modelling again but are the target of an opposing company attempting to take them out from the business . Kristen Wiig is also to star in the comedy sequel , as well as young actor Cyrus Arnold as Derek Jnr . Ben 's real life wife Christine Taylor reprises her role as journalist Matilda Jeffries , now Zoolander 's wife too and the mother of their only child . The plot , written by Justin Theroux , centres on Derek and Hansel who are modelling again but are the target of an opposing company attempting to take them out from the business . Zoolander 2 will hit UK and US cinemas on February 12 , 2016 . Zoolander 2 will hit UK and US cinemas on February 12 , 2016 .