A kidnapping in South Carolina was thwarted because the would-be abductor could n't operate a manual stick shift in the victim 's car , police said . 27-year-old Demetri Nelson still had his victim 's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday , several hours after the kidnapping attempt , the Sumter County sheriff 's office said in a news release . Deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman 's home and demanded money . The State reported Nelson allegedly broke into a River Birch Drive home where the victim lives and told her to give him a ride to a Manning Avenue home . Scroll down for video . Apprehended : A kidnapping in South Carolina was thwarted because the would-be abductor , Demetric Nelson , could n't operate a manual stick shift in the victim 's car . Thwarted getaway : Nelson was unable to drive the victim 's stick-shift car , pictured . Once they got there , Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car , WFSB reported . Two children were at the home with the victim at the time of the robbery , according to the television station . Nelson could n't drive the car because of the manual transmission , however , and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape , authorities said . ` As she was able to get out , she was fortunate enough that there were officers from the Sumter Police Department nearby , patrolling the area , ' Braden Bunch , a spokesman for the sheriff 's office , told WFSB . ' He added ` She flagged them down and when she did , the suspect then ran . ' Command : Nelson allegedly broke into a River Birch Drive home and told the woman to take him to a Manning Avenue home -LRB- pictured -RRB- , where he then told her to get into the trunk of the car . Before Nelson was apprehended , the Sumter 's County Sheriff 's Office wrote in news release posted to Facebook he ` has a history of violent offense convictions and has been placed on the Sumter County Sheriff 's Office Most Wanted list . ` He should be considered armed and dangerous . ' Deputies found Nelson and charged him with kidnapping and armed robbery . They said he will also be charged with a possession of a firearm during a violent crime charge . ` Nelson was located and taken into custody without incident around 1 p.m. Tuesday , ' the sheriff 's office later said in another release posted to Facebook . Bunch told WFSB of the stick-up ` It 's got to be incredibly difficult for somebody to deal with that , especially at 1:00 in the morning . ' It was n't known if Nelson had an attorney .