Ryan Wray , 26 , was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on Friday . A former Utah State University fraternity president who was arrested in March on suspicion of sexual assault was officially charged in First District Court on Friday . Ryan Wray , 26 , was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last October and his March 24 arrest . Wray , who served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president , was tasked with keeping safe women who ` could no longer take care of themselves ' at parties at the off-campus frat house , the Salt Lake Tribune reported . A woman who went to a party at the ` Pike House ' told police she awoke to find Wray ` touching her inappropriately without her approval ' according to KSL . The woman , who said she was drunk at the time , discussed the incident with other women who then reported having similar experiences . When Wray was brought in by the Logan City Police Department for questioning , he confessed to groping the victim while she was passed out , the Herald Journal reported . He also admitted to groping two other women . So far only the first alleged victim filed a statement with police . All of the women were under 21 . Wray was released on $ 10,000 bail after his arrest . Wray posted this picture on Facebook and wrote : ` Feel like being the new pres requires at least 1 frat selfie ' A woman who went to a party at the ` Pike House ' said she awoke to find Wray ` touching her inappropriately ' The Pi Kappa Alpha chapter at USU decided to suspend Wray after his arrest and then also ceased operations . The Pi Kappa Alpha chapter at USU decided to suspend Wray after his arrest and then ` voluntarily ceased operations , other than general meetings ' . The chapter said it ` will continue to cooperate with local authorities and their investigation ' . Justin A. Buck , the frat 's executive vice president , said : ` I am extremely disappointed to learn of Mr Wray 's unacceptable and illegal behavior . ` I am proud of the young men of Gamma Epsilon who took decisive action to hold Mr Wray accountable for his actions . ' Wray faces up to 15 years in prison if he is convicted . The USU Student Association website still lists Wray as the president of the school 's Pi Kappa Alpha chapter . Wray faces up to 15 years in prison if he is convicted and is supposed to appear First District Court on May 4 . USU could also discipline , suspend or expel him . University spokesman Tim Vitale said : ` Obviously these are extremely serious allegations and we respond immediately to any complaints of student sexual assault . ` The safety of our students is always first and foremost in our mind and we will take immediate and appropriate action to protect them . ' The USU Student Association website still lists Wray as the president of the school 's Pi Kappa Alpha chapter . He is supposed to appear in court on May 4 .