Watford dramatically clinched promotion to the Premier League on Saturday on a typically manic afternoon in the Championship - and insist they 're well-equipped to stay in the top flight . Slavisa Jokanovic 's men beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium in the early kick-off and were hoping that Middlesbrough lost plus Norwich failing to win . Both those results came in during a sensational final five minutes , with Fulham beating Aitor Karanka 's Boro 4-3 in stoppage time after Rotherham had equalised against Norwich moments before . Watford have secured promotion back to the Premier League after their 2-0 win away at Brighton . As results from the other games come through , players celebrate wildly on the team-bus . Players can be seen screaming , shouting and singing as Middlesbrough and Norwich both dropped points . Watford will now return to the Premier League for the first time since the 2006-07 campaign . Defender Tommie Hoban has called the club 's promotion an ` unbelievable achievement ' Watford had won at Brighton and were travelling back home on the team coach when news filtered through on that they had won promotion three hours afterwards . Players and staff erupted on the bus when Ross McCormack scored a 94th-minute winner for Fulham at Craven Cottage . The squad uploaded numerous videos on the internet in the immediate aftermath , with Tommie Hoban labelling it an ` unbelievable achievement ' . ` For Middlesbrough to lose like this - it 's a magical division . There is no other league like it , ' Hoban said . ` Luckily we 'd just got into the training ground as Rotherham scored . It is the best day ever , it has n't sunk in yet . ` I think we can definitely stay up - we have a stronger squad than a few of those teams in the Premier League and will add in the summer . ' Watford forward Troy Deeney celebrates after scoring the opening goal against Brighton on Saturday . Twenty-goal striker Odion Ighalo added : ` It is dream to play in the Premier League . ` It was very tense because we were waiting and listening . We 're in good spirits now . This is what I came to England for , to play in the Premier League . ` We can stay in the Premier League . We are very calm . It 's not going to be easy but the way we are playing now ... I think we can stay there . ' It ends Watford 's eight-year absence from the top flight after suffering relegation back in 2007 . The squad were out partying in the town last night . Troy Deeney opened the scoring at Brighton before a stoppage-time Matej Vydra goal sealed the points . Middlesbrough 's capitulation at Craven Cottage also means Bournemouth will effectively earn promotion should they beat Bolton tomorrow by virtue of superior goal difference . The Watford players celebrate at full-time as they secure a return to English football 's top-flight .