A security guard who shot dead a masked gunman , only to find out seconds later the man was his friend , says he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago . In an interview with Nine Network 's A Current Affair , Wayne Heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in Queensland . During the attempted armed robbery , Mr Heneker says he felt he had no other choice but to shoot the bandit . It was only after he fired the shots that he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague . Scroll down for video . Wayne Heneker -LRB- pictured -RRB- recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in Queensland during an interview with Nine Network 's A Current Affair . Seconds after Mr Heneker shot his attacker , he discovered the gunman was former colleague Shameem Rahman -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Mr Heneker told A Current Affair of the moment he was ambushed by Shameem Rahman . ` It was like every other morning , I was always vigilant , I was always keeping an eye out , ' he said . He parked his vehicle and got out to deliver thousands of dollars to the Highland Park Tavern , according to the Courier Mail . That 's when he noticed a man approaching him wearing a motorcycle helmet . ` Straight away I thought this guy , his body language was very aggressive , ' Mr Heneker said . ` I 've seen him and said : `` get back , get back , stay back '' . ' However the man pulled out a pistol and pointed it straight at Mr Heneker , who was also armed at the time . ` Take the money , they money is there , just take the money , ' Mr Heneker recalled telling the gunman . But instead , the thief decided to reach for Mr Heneker 's gun which is when a struggle ensued between the two men . The father-of-two appears to be distraught after shooting Mr Rahman three times . Mr Heneker speaks to police soon after the incident occurred last year . Mr Heneker said he made the decision to shoot at his attacker in a bid to save his own life . During the tackle , Mr Heneker says he was concussed but was able to pull off the gunman 's helmet . Yet he was was still unable to see his attacker 's face . It was at that very moment the father-of-two made the decision to fire three shots at his attacker in a bid to save his own life . When the gunman rolled over and faced the security guard , Mr Heneker recognised him straight away . ` It was shock horror . There was absolutely not one moment from the beginning to the end that he identified himself , ' Mr Heneker said . Mr Rahman was a former workmate who worked alongside Mr Heneker as a security guard for Border Security . Mr Heneker told A Current Affair how he had worked with Mr Rahman for two years , who had also made the same cash drop off at the tavern during that time . He says he is still struggling to cope with the fact that he had killed one of his mates . ` It 's horrible enough to shoot someone you do n't know . But when you 've had a relationship with someone and you thought they were your friend , ' Mr Heneker said . ` It 's been very , very difficult . Every day has been difficult . ` You realise that you 've taken someone 's life . A life that can not be replaced . ' It was later discovered that Mr Rahman 's gun was fake . Police did not charge Mr Heneker over the incident , according to the Herald Sun .