An undercover police officer who was captured on video ranting at an Uber driver is assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force , it has emerged . The New York Police Department 's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online involving Detective Patrick Cherry . One of the passengers in the car captured the exchange after the incident in West Village . Scroll down for video . Detective Patrick Cherry , pictured in the blue shirt , launched his tirade after the Uber driver hooted at him . The driver , named only as Humayun , pictured , tried to repeatedly apologise to Detective Cherry . The officer has been named by the New York Daily News as Detective Patrick Cherry of the NYPD 's joint terrorism task force . Detective Cherry was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn . The angered detective pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade , questioning the diver 's command of the English language as well as his car control skills . Detective Cherry is now under investigation by the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of ` discourtesy ' . President of the Detectives Endowment Association said Detective Cherry had been visiting his colleague Detective Harry Hill who had recently had a heart attack while undergoing surgery and was very stressed . He said : ` The past five days have been emotionally draining for the members of the JTTF dealing with their fellow detective 's health . ` Despite what some people think , cops have feelings , too . ' During the three-minute video , Detective Cherry shouts : ` I do n't know where you 're coming from , where you think you 're appropriate in doing that ; that 's not the way it works . How long have you been in this country ? ' The two passengers in the backseat of the car can be heard assuring the driver that he has done nothing wrong , with one of them saying ; ` It 's not your fault ; this guy 's just a d *** . ' Moments later the cop returns with a ticket , this after he has pounded on the car and , according to one of the passengers , thrown things in the vehicle . As the driver agrees with everything the cop says , he manages to cut off the man , which sends him into another tirade as he screams ; ` I do n't know what f ****** planet you 're on right now ! ' The officer also mocks the driver 's accent throughout and his pronunciation of certain words . Passengers in the cab claimed that Detective Cherry failed to indicate before attempting to park his Hyundai . According to the New York Daily News , the NYPD has seen the video and said in a statement ; ` We are aware of the incident and video and it is under review with the department 's Internal Affairs Bureau . ' ` Our Uber driver , Humayun , was abused by a police officer today in New York , ' Sanjay Seth , who took the video , wrote on his Facebook page on Monday . ` The unending rage , door slamming , throwing items into the car , threatening arrest without cause was bad enough - but the officer 's remarks at the end really took it to another level . ' Uber said in a statement ; ` The behavior in the video is wrong and unacceptable and we appreciate the NYPD investigating the incident . We are in touch with our driver-partner who was subjected to this terrible experience and will continue to provide any support he needs . '