A pub landlord who was convicted of drink driving after claiming he was sleepwalking and was not drunk has vowed to never drink again . James Boase , landlord of the Coppa Dolla pub in Broadhempston , Devon had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13 , 2014 . The 36-year-old publican told Torquay Magistrates ' Court that the last thing he could remember was going to bed at approximately 12.30 am and then awoke beside his car which had been involved in a car crash . James Boase , pictured , failed to stop after hitting another car on March 13 , 2014 near his Devon pub , pictured . Mr Boase claimed that he went to bed around 12.30 am and must have been sleep walking . He insisted he had been ` sleep walking ' . However prosecutors insisted he had failed to stop his black Nissan Navara after being involved in a collision with a Citroen Berlingo . Police arrived at Boase 's house where they found him standing next to his car . He told the court : ` I remember being confused and slightly frustrated.I honestly do n't know how I got there . ` I remember seeing the car and being completely shocked . I believe I must have gone into my friend 's house and gone to bed . ` At the time I was unaware I had any sort of sleeping disorder . ` There were questions unanswered causing me a lot of problems , I was worried and scared and sought medical help to get some answers . ' The court heard how Boase had 75 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , more than double the legal limit . At Torquay Magistrates ' Court , District Judge Kevin Grey dismissed Boase 's claims of sleepwalking and found him guilty of drink-driving , failing to stop after an accident , failing to report an accident , and driving dangerously . Boase has been remanded on unconditional bail until May 12 for a pre-sentence report , and was disqualified from driving in the meantime . Boase , who has two previous convictions for drink-driving , said : ` My intention is never to drink again . '