NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is expected to make a full recovery after undergoing emergency heart surgery at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on Thursday , April 16 . Abdul-Jabbar , 68 , had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease . The successful surgery , which was performed by cardiac surgery chief Dr Richard Shemin , cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer 's heart . Scroll down for video . NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at UCLA Medical Center on April 16 . Abdul-Jabbar -LRB- No. 33 -RRB- shooting his patented sky hook while playing for the Los Angeles Lakers in 1987 . After retiring from the NBA , the 19-time All Star and six-time MVP starred in Game of Death with Bruce Lee . UCLA Health issued a statement at the request of Abdul-Jabbar . It read : ` At this time , Abdul-Jabbar would like to thank his surgical team and the medical staff at UCLA , his alma mater , for the excellent care he has received . ` He is looking forward to getting back to his normal activities soon . ` He asks that you keep him in your thoughts and , most importantly , cherish and live each day to its fullest . ' The 7-foot-2 player led UCLA to three consecutive titles and was named the Most Valuable Player of the NCAA tournament for three straight years . Abdul-Jabbar , who was known for his patented sky hook , won an NBA championship with the Milwaukee Bucks before moving on to the Los Angeles Lakers and winning five more rings . Abdul-Jabbar , who was born Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor , adopted his Muslim name in 1971 at age 24 . Abdul-Jabbar won an NBA championship with the Milwaukee Bucks and five with the Los Angeles Lakers . The successful surgery was performed by the hospital 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- cardiac surgery chief , Dr Richard Shemin . After retiring , the 19-time NBA All Star and six-time MVP starred in Game of Death with Bruce Lee , wrote nine New York Times best-sellers and was appointed to be the US Cultural Ambassador by Hillary Rodham Clinton in 2012 . He also beat Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myeloid leukemia after being diagnosed in 2008 . His documentary , On the Shoulders of Giants : The Greatest Team You 've Never Heard Of , earned him two NAACP Image Awards in 2013 . Abdul-Jabbar , who was born Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor , adopted his Muslim name in 1971 at age 24 . Jeanie Buss , the executive vice-president of the Lakers , tweeted out her support for the Los Angeles legend .