A high school student who allegedly forced a special-needs classmate to drink urine was also involved in the bullying of a bus monitor three years ago . In a 2012 video that was viewed millions of times online , grandmother Karen Huff Klein , 71 , tried to ignore the boys calling her fat , ugly and poor but was seen wiping away her tears . Now one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused , along with two others , of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch at Greece Athena High School in upstate New York . The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat , WHEC reported . Scroll down for video . Tormented : Bus monitor Karen Huff Klein , 71 , was tormented by middle school students in Greece , New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012 . She can be seen wiping away her tears in the footage . Now , one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs . Mrs Klein , 71 , -LRB- pictured this week -RRB- said that the middle-schoolers who verbally attacker her ` did n't learn any lessons ' on hearing news of one of the student 's alleged bullying this week . When she was informed of the bullying incident , Mrs Klein told WHEC this week : ` They did n't learn any lessons from the other ordeal . I do n't think they ever will . ' She also said of the alleged attack : ` Why did you -LSB- alleged bullies -RSB- do that , what possessed you to be so mean ? ` And now with this , it is really obscene what they did , and it 's like it 's progressing rather that regressing . ' Greece Athena High School was reportedly investigating the bullying internally after the Snapchat video was reported by other students . WHEC reported that the alleged attack could be a matter for family court but because the students were minors it would not reach criminal court . Daily Mail Online was awaiting comment on Friday from school officials . The students involved in the bullying have not been identified for privacy reasons . One student involved in the recent bullying had three years ago verbally attacked Mrs Klein when he was a 7th-grader . The sickening video , which was uploaded to YouTube by a concerned third party , saw an outpouring of support for the elderly woman and she received donations of around $ 700,000 . At one point , Mrs Klein turns to the teens and says with arms folded : ` Unless you have something nice to say , do n't say anything at all . ' One of the kids responded : ` Shut the f *** up , ' and then asked why there is water on her face . ` Are you sweating ? ' the student asked . ` No , I 'm crying , ' Mrs Klein said . The video showed the teenagers getting more and more crude . At one point , a student said : ` You 're so ugly , your kids should kill themselves . ' Greece Athena High School in upstate New York -LRB- pictured -RRB- is reportedly investigating a sickening bullying incident involving a special needs student . One of Mrs Klein 's sons had committed suicide around a decade before , msnbc.com reported . At the six-and-a-half minute mark , a student said : ` If I stabbed you in the stomach , my knife would f ***** go through like butter , because it 's all f ***** lard . ' After the bullying was made public , the students responsible apologized to Mrs Klein . She responded : ` I want -LRB- the kids -RRB- to make sure they never do this again to anybody . I would like them to be kept off the bus for a year , and be forbidden to play any sports , at least for a year . ' She added : ` They each try outdo the other . I do n't think they ever picked on the other kids ... just me . '