An eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial , a prosecutor said . Defense attorney John Waldron had filed a petition to have 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent the day after the body of 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonek was discovered last month . Lehigh County District Attorney Jim Martin said Friday he will oppose the petition and Waldron 's request to move the case to juvenile court , The Morning Call reported . Adult jail : Jamie Silvonek , the eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial , a prosecutor said . The teenager is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . Her boyfriend , 20-year-old Caleb Barnes , who is from El Paso , Texas , but was stationed at Fort Meade , Maryland , is charged with homicide . Cheryl Silvonek 's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia . Jamie Silvonek was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women 's housing unit , away from older inmates , county officials said . Authorities said Barnes and the teenager met in October , when she was 13 , but she told him she was 17 . The teen 's mother found out about their relationship in early March and ordered them to end it . A day later , the teen told Barnes in a text message , ` I want her gone , ' police said . Waldron , however , has said that because of the age difference he believes the teen must have been under ` some type of duress or coercion . ' He said his client ` cried incessantly and told me how much she missed her mom ' and she feared for her life and that of her father . Barnes ' public defender has n't returned a phone message seeking comment . Accused of murder : 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek allegedly conspired to kill her mother Cheryl Silvonek with her 20-year-old boyfriend ` because she disapproved of their relationship ' Barnes , who was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying , was previously charged with homicide . He confessed to stabbing Cheryl Silvonek in the neck multiple times while they were in Silvonek 's car , and Jamie Silvonek admitted she was there when he did it and helped dispose of the body , according to an affidavit of probable cause . The teen 's attorney , John Waldron , said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes ' control , given the age disparity . ` There has to be some type of duress or coercion , ' he said . Waldron said he intends to have Jamie Silvonek examined by a forensic psychologist and will petition to have the case moved to juvenile court . Feared for her life : Silvonek 's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother , and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life . Authorities said Barnes and Jamie Silvonek met in October -- when she was 13 -- but that she told him she was 17 . He joined the military in February of 2012 . Barnes graduated advanced training from the Presidio of Monterey , California , and his awards include the Good Conduct Medal and National Defense Service Medal , Army Times reported . Cheryl Silvonek found out about their relationship in early March and ordered the couple to break up , according to court documents . A day later , the teenager told Barnes she wanted her parents dead , the documents said . On March 14 , Cheryl Silvonek learned that Barnes intended to take her daughter to a concert in Scranton . Dead : Cheryl Silvonek was allegedly stabbed to death by her daughter 's much older boyfriend . ` He is not coming to this house , ' Cheryl Silvonek texted to her daughter , who had taken the SAT college entrance exam that morning , according to a police affidavit . The eighth-grader sent her mother a text in response begging her to let them go . ` Mom , if I ca n't go I 'm going to have a mental breakdown , ' she said , according to the affidavit . ` I need to go and I need to be with my friends . I feel so desolate mother . ' Records show the 14-year-old was upset that her mother had shown her boyfriend her passport as proof that Silvonek was not 17 . ` I ca n't stand her lying to you like this , ' Jamie wrote to Barnes . ` SHE IS LYING ABOUT MY AGE , ' reported Lehigh Valley Live . Cheryl Silvonek agreed to drive her daughter and Barnes to the show . On their way , the teenager and her boyfriend continued exchanging messages . ` I love you . We can do this . We 'll just drive her car then , right ? ' Jamie wrote , the affidavit said . Barnes replied in a text , ` No . That leaves us as the suspects . ' The three drove back to the Silvonek home after the show , and Barnes allegedly stabbed Cheryl Silvonek . The couple then ate at a restaurant and went to Walmart to buy gloves , bleach and other cleaning supplies , authorities said . Police found the body in a shallow grave a few miles from the Silvonek home . The victim 's blood-soaked car was found submerged in a pond nearby . Investigators were able to trace the car back to the Silvonek home . When they arrived , they found Barnes , the girl and Silvonek 's husband , David . The girl and Barnes were in an upstairs bedroom and the father was still asleep , CBS 13 reported . Barnes was previously charged with criminal homicide , abuse of a corpse and statutory sexual assault . There is evidence he had sex with the girl shortly before the killing , according to police . The 14-year-old was charged earlier with abuse of a corpse , tampering with evidence and hindering apprehension .