Substitute Eidur Gudjohnsen spared Bolton 's blushes with virtually the final kick of the game and denied Blackpool a first away victory in 343 days in a 1-1 draw . Michael Jacobs ' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the bottom-of-the-table Seasiders their first success on the road since they beat Wanderers ' neighbours Wigan on April 26 . But Bolton , who have repeatedly conceded late goals themselves in recent weeks , mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time when Emile Heskey , Neil Danns and Gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen . Blackpool 's Michael Jacobs -LRB- left -RRB- scores against Bolton Wanderers . Bolton : Amos , Vela , Mills , McCarthy , Ream , Danns , Bannan , Feeney -LRB- Gudjohnsen 77 ' -RRB- , Rochinha -LRB- Heskey 46 ' -RRB- , Walker -LRB- Craig Davies 68 ' -RRB- , Le Fondre . Subs not used : Bogdan , Moxey , Dervite , Trotter . Booked : Feeney , Vela . Goals : Gudjohnsen 90 ' Blackpool : Lewis , Hall , Clarke , O'Dea , Dunne , Cubero , O'Hara , Perkins , Orlandi -LRB- Barkhuizen 84 ' -RRB- , Madine , Jacobs . Subs not used : Delfouneso , Oliver , Parish , Ferguson , Telford , Samuel . Booked : Clarke , Madine , Lewis . Goals : Jacobs 9 ' Referee : David Coote . Attendance : 17,076 . It was at this very venue that Blackpool boss Lee Clark pulled off a great escape on the final day of last season at the helm of Birmingham , who scored in the third minute of stoppage time to prevent relegation into the third tier , but this time he was on the wrong end of some late drama . In recent weeks Clark had publicly accepted the Seasiders , who remain 16 points from safety , were doomed but Rotherham 's defeat to Blues 24 hours earlier meant they kicked off knowing they would not be relegated at the Macron Stadium . That may have instilled a freedom to Clark 's troops and the home crowd were stunned into silence by Jacobs ' early opener . He collected a long , direct ball down the right , turned on the afterburners to accelerate away from Josh Vela and Paddy McCarthy and lashed beyond Ben Amos in the Bolton goal . Things could have been worse for the shell-shocked hosts too as Peter Clarke headed straight at Amos and an unmarked Andrea Orlandi glanced over from six yards . Clark 's men continued to ask questions , with Jose Miguel Cubero 's rising effort deflected narrowly away from the top corner of Amos ' net . Bolton Wanderers ' Josh Vela and Blackpool 's Jamie O'Hara -LRB- right -RRB- vie for the ball . Tangerines stopper Joe Lewis made a couple of smart stops to deny winger Liam Feeney and centre-back McCarthy but there was a malaise about Bolton 's play which Neil Lennon had been so keen to avoid pre-match . In the second half , Amos failed to clear a corner and Clarke leant back and skewed his effort over the top before Jacobs cut in from the left flank and bent a brilliant effort just wide . Lewis had been largely untroubled apart from a routine save from Tom Walker but he was stranded at the other end of his goal when Adam Le Fondre cut the ball across for an onrushing Barry Bannan , who somehow placed his side-footed strike against the outside of the post . Lennon had started with just one striker but introduced three off the bench by bringing on Heskey , Craig Davies and Gudjohnsen . The hosts ' chance looked to have gone when Lewis stopped McCarthy 's header and O'Hara scrambled Mills ' try off the line but there was still time for a dramatic finale . Heskey looked certain to nod Bannan 's back-post cross in but when he could not connect , the ball came back out to Danns , whose volley was helped in by Gudjohnsen on the line , with Blackpool fuming about an offside flag which never came .