Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez says he is ` very proud ' to have joined the north London club and has been impressed by the quality of his team-mates . ` I am not saying this just because it 's my obligation to do it as a club player . Every Arsenal player has amazing quality , ' he told the Gunners ' official website before adding , ` I want to win many titles here . ' The Chilean forward has enjoyed a fine debut season in English football since joining from Barcelona last summer , netting 22 goals in all competitions so far and being nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award . Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez has enjoyed a fine debut season in English football , scoring 22 goals so far . The Chilean forward , who signed from Barcelona last summer , has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year . Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla for particular praise , labelling the Spaniard a ` spectacular player . ' He went on , ` You never know whether he will kick the ball with his right or left foot . Also , he moves with short but quick strides , which is a remarkable trademark too . ` Although I knew about his quality , playing alongside makes him makes me very happy . Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League table with 66 points from 32 games , 10 points behind the pace of leaders Chelsea , whom they face next . While the Blues admittedly hold the advantage , the title race is not over yet and Arsenal could mount a late charge . Arsene Wenger 's side have also reached the FA Cup final for the second consecutive season after triumphing over SkyBet Championship side Reading in the semis 2-1 last weekend , with Sanchez scoring both of their goals . Sanchez has singled out team-mate and fellow attackerSanti Cazorla -LRB- right -RRB- as a ` spectacular ' player . Cazorla -LRB- centre -RRB- jumps to control the ball during Arsenal 's FA Cup semi-final victory against Reading . Sanchez scored both of Arsenal 's goals during their 2-1 win over Reading in the FA Cup semi-final last week . Arsenal have reached the FA Cup final for the second consecutive season after beating Reading last week .