A man who killed his partner and her three young children sent pictures of the bodies to the children 's biological father as a ` birthday gift ' before killing himself in the grisly murder-suicide . LaTasha Gosling , 27 , of Tisdale , Saskatchewan , in Canada , and her two daughters , Janyaa , 4 , and Jenika , 8 , and her son Landen , 7 , were discovered Wednesday . Steve O'Shaughnessy , 23 , was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in Prince Albert . O'Shaughnessy had taken the six-month-old daughter he and Gosling shared following the murders . Police found the infant unharmed when they discovered O'Shaughnessy 's body . LaTasha Gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , Janyaa , 4 , and Jenika , 8 , and her son Landen , 7 , -LRB- above -RRB- were murdered early Wednesday by Gosling 's partner Steve O'Shaughnessy . O'Shaughnessy , 23 , was found dead just hours later after taking his own life . Police found the six-month-old baby daughter he shared with Gosling alive and unharmed . Gosling 's cousin Tim Funk said O'Shaughnessy sent the photos in a text message to the children 's father , Jason Gosling , the day before his birthday . O'Shaughnessy sent photos of the bodies in a text message to the children 's father Jason Gosling the day before his birthday . ` He sent them to him as a birthday gift , ' Funk told the National Post . Latasha Gosling was separated from her husband but not divorced , and Jason Gosling would often visit his three children at the trailer Latasha shared with O'Shaughnessy . According to Latasha 's parents , O'Shaughnessy became increasingly worried that his partner would leave him and return to her husband . They said O'Shaughnessy had been seen yelling at Latasha and her children and was known to lock them inside the trailer when he had to leave the house . Latasha 's parents told the National Post that they have since learned O'Shaughnessy recently told her , ` If I ca n't have you , Latasha , no one will ' . Randy Gross , Latasha 's father , believes his daughter had tried to leave O'Shaughnessy . Neighbors said they heard yelling and screaming from the partners ' trailer earlier this week and saw police arrive late at night . One friend of Latasha 's said the young mother had in fact ended her relationship with O'Shaughnessy this week . Latasha Gosling was separated from her husband but not divorced , and Jason Gosling would often visit his three children at the trailer Latasha shared with O'Shaughnessy . According to Latasha 's parents , O'Shaughnessy became increasingly worried that his partner would leave him and return to her husband . Amanda Henderson , who met Latasha through a Facebook group for separated and divorced parents , told Huffington Post Canada her friend broke up with O'Shaughnessy because he cheated on her . Latasha 's family referred to O'Shaughnessy as a ` monster ' but said they are praying for his family . Selina Siwy , O'Shaughnessy 's sister , wrote in a social media post that the family has been trying to get him ` help for years ' and they thought ` he was in the clear ' . ` We loved him then and we love him now , ' she wrote . Latasha 's family hope the tragic story will inspire other women to not ` hestitate ' . ` For all victims ... get help fast . Stay safe , ' said Randy Gross . A GoFundMe page to pay for the Gosling family 's funeral costs and the surviving infant girl has since raised more than $ 50,000 . They said O'Shaughnessy had been seen yelling at Latasha and her children and was known to lock them inside the trailer when he had to leave the house . Latasha and three of her children were murdered in their Tisdale , Saskatchewan home -LRB- pictured -RRB- .