He came for revenge and left having inflicted a humiliating defeat which leaves sorry Sunderland perhaps regretting they ever crossed Alan Pardew . The Crystal Palace boss would not admit as much , but the grin he wore in the wake of Yannick Bolasie 's hat-trick goal told of his satisfaction . Four times on the spin he suffered defeat as Newcastle manager in Tyne-Wear derbies . It was a ruinous run which fractured his relationship with the club 's fans and contributed towards his decision to quit Tyneside for south London in January . Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie was the hero at the Stadium of Light having scored a hat-trick for the Eagles against Sunderland . Crystal Palace players surround opening goal scorer Glenn Murray during the comprehensive winner at the Stadium of Light on Saturday . The Sunderland defence can only watch on as the in-form Bolasie fired the visitors into an unassailable lead on Saturday . Bolasie sprints away in celebration having scored a second-half hat-trick in just over 10 minutes at the Stadium of Light on Saturday afternoon . This was his first trip back to the North East and boy did he enjoy it . Palace now have 25 points from a possible 36 under his care and the table for 2015 alone has the Eagles soaring in fifth , two points behind champions elect Chelsea . His team were devastating on Saturday , a ruthless and unforgiving frontline of Bolasie , Glenn Murray , Jason Puncheon and Wilfried Zaha proving too powerful and too fast for a Black Cats defence which is fast running out of lives . Dick Advocaat was perhaps wishing he had remained in Holland as he watched them surrender to four goals inside 17 minutes at the start of the second half . Sunderland -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Pantilimon 4.5 ; Jones 5 , Vergini 4 , O'Shea 3.5 , Van Aanholt 5 ; Rodwell 5 , Cattermole 5 -LRB- Bridcutt 64 , 5 -RRB- , Gomez 4.5 -LRB- Johnson 60 , 5 -RRB- ; Defoe 5 , Fletcher 5.5 , Wickham 6 . Subs not used : Reveillere , Graham , Coates , Mannone , Buckley . Scorer : Wickham 89 . Booked : Rodwell , Cattermole . Manager : Dick Advocaat 5 . Crystal Palace -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Speroni 6 ; Ward 6 , Dann 7 , Delaney 6.5 , Souare 6 -LRB- Kelly 35 , 6 -RRB- ; Zaha 7.5 , McArthur 6.5 -LRB- Ledley 69 , 6 -RRB- , Jedinak 6.5 , Puncheon 7 ; Bolasie 9 -LRB- Sanogo 71 -RRB- , Murray 7.5 . Subs not used : Hangeland , Hennessey , Gayle , Ameobi . Scorers : Murray 48 , Bolasie 51 , 54 , 62 . Booked : Dann , McArthur . Manager : Alan Pardew 8 . Referee : Anthony Taylor 6 . Attendance : 42,073 . MOM : Yannick Bolasie . CLICK HERE to view our brilliant Match Zone -- including Glenn Murray 's opener . Crystal Palace forward Wilfried Zaha evades the attention of Sunderland striker Steven Fletcher during the Premier League contest . James McArthur challenges Black Cats striker Connor Wickham at the Stadium of Light as Crystal Palace stormed to victory . Last weekend he was celebrating a Tyne-Wear derby victory and there was talk of him extending his stay beyond the end of this season . Sunderland , though , are heading for the Championship and Advocaat 's reputation is on the line . Pardew 's standing , however , has never been higher . He resisted temptation to crow over the identity of the victims and instead hailed the players who have now won four on the bounce . ` We were excellent . We were almost unplayable , ' said Pardew . ` We 're a team that is bang in form and as a manager you can only be so proud . The scoreline flattered Sunderland a little bit . That front quartet were irresistible at times . We are an honest group with that pace and power and that makes us a very dangerous team . ' Bolasie 's treble bettered his total from the entirety of this campaign . And Pardew added : ` I 'm surprised he has n't scored more goals . He 's the first Palace player to get a Premier League hat-trick as well , so that is a surprise . ` He 's at an age where he is improving . The final moment still needs to improve but he was excellent in that respect here . ' Santiago Vergini of Sunderland attempts to clear the ball with a rapid Yannick Bolasie fast approaching in mid air . Alan Pardew 's side were headed into a second-half lead thanks to this effort from striker Glenn Murray on 48 minutes . The 31-year-old runs away to celebrate having opened the scoring early in the second-half against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . Jason Puncheon of Crystal Palace attempts to challenge Sunderland 's Jack Rodwell in the air during the Premier League clash . Lee Cattermole fends off interest from Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur but could n't prevent a heavy loss for the home side . Zaha joins an ecstatic Bolasie -LRB- left -RRB- after the Congolese forward produced a stunning hat-trick in the second-half against Sunderland . Advocaat had watched from home in Holland four weeks ago as Aston Villa won 4-0 at the Stadium of Light . This latest collapse leaves them just two places and three points above the drop zone . And the new boss said : ` I was shocked . You can see what can change in just six days . We were not in the game . Even in the first half Palace were better . ` We gave it all away inside just seven minutes . The work-rate from their strikers and the pace they have made it very difficult . We did not create any chances . That is a big concern . ` But I knew when I started this job that it would be difficult . We still have six games . We can still stay up . We need to get our confidence back . ' Bolasie made a point to go and celebrate with Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew after his quick-fire hat-trick during the 4-1 victory . Sunderland strikers Steven Fletcher and Jermain Defoe ca n't hide their disappointment having been comprehensively beaten on Saturday . The first half had been a depressing demonstration of two sides fouling one another , an occasional half-chance punctuating the boredom . Jack Rodwell lunged recklessly into the leg of James McArthur with the ball long gone and was lucky to see just yellow . We did see red moments later , albeit the blood streaming from Costel Pantilimon 's mouth after Scott Dann planted his boot in the goalkeeper 's face when competing for a loose ball . Dann , in fairness , was unfortunate to be booked . And the game soon had its third caution when Lee Cattermole , having been robbed by Bolasie on halfway , desperately hauled the forward back by the trim of his shirt . Palace , though , broke the tedium with their early blitz after the break . Bolasie was the provider for the opener when his cross was deflected onto the brow of Murray , who planted home from four yards for his sixth goal in as many matches . Murray tries to keep possession under the attention of Sunderland captain John O'Shea during the contest at the Stadium of Light . The stands emptied during the second-half at the Stadium of Light as Sunderland conceded four goals in quick succession . Bolasie applauds the travelling fans holding the match ball after helping Crystal Palace to a 4-1 victory at Sunderland with a fine hat-trick . Within three minutes the livewire Congolese had his first . Dann loaded a ball forward from his own half , Murray rose to flick on and Bolasie escaped to poke through Pantilimon . The visitors were three in front come the 54th minute , and again a long ball proved Sunderland 's undoing as Bolasie pounced to rob the dithering John O'Shea before lifting over Pantilimon . He did not have to wait long for his hat-trick . Palace broke through Murray down the right and he squared for Bolasie who , after out-scrapping Pantilimon and Santiago Vergini , poked home for his first senior treble . Sunderland did steal a barely deserved consolation when Connor Wickham turned in Patrick Van Aanholt 's cross , but it mattered not and news of Leicester and Aston Villa 's victories has them looking down once more . For Pardew , things are very much looking up .