A 25-year-old man left brain damaged as a baby after a blunder by doctors has today won his 23-year battle for £ 7.3 million compensation . The young man , who can not be identified for legal reasons , now relies on 24-hour care . He was born at the Luton and Dunstable Hospital in September 1989 , but was readmitted three months later , suffering a serious brain haemorrhage . Maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection shortly after the man was born . A 25-year-old man was left brain damaged as a baby after doctors at the Luton and Dunstable Hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding . He now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life . -LRB- File picture -RRB- . The booster is given to newborn babies to reduce their risk of blood clots . The Secretary of State for Health admitted liability , accepting the failure to give the man vitamin K breached their duty of care . At London 's High Court today , Judge Michael Yelton approved the £ 7.3 million settlement , to be paid by the NHS Litigation Authority . It awards the man a lump sum of £ 2,345,000 , as well as annual payments of £ 181,000 , rising to £ 192,000 - making a total of £ 7,385,000 . Vitamin K helps the blood to clot , and as a result can prevent excessive internal bleeding . In the UK new parents are asked if they would like their newborn to recieve the supplement . Babies are born with low levels of the vitamin , but the amount is normally enough to prevent problems . Some babies are at greater risk , and are more likely to suffer haemorrhagic disease of the newborn , also known as vitamin K deficiency bleeding . Because it can be difficult to ascertain which babies are at heightened risk , the Department of Health recommends all babies receive the supplement soon after birth . Though rare , HDN is a very serious disease . Half of all babies with HDN suffer a haemorrhage into their brain , often resulting in brain damage . Babies at higher risk of HDN include : . Source : NCT . Judge Yelton said the man should not be named because he was a ` vulnerable person ' . But he said he was ` entirely satisfied ' the settlement was in his best interests . He said he was ` very pleased ' for the young man and his family . The brain damage the now 25-year-old suffered has resulted in significant cognitive and physical problems , including a weakness on his left hand side , and reduced hearing . He also lacks the capacity to manage his own affairs , and needs round the clock care . His family welcomed the settlement , adding it will allow for specialist support , specially adapted accommodation and 24-hour care . His solicitor Arani Yogadeva of Irwin Mitchell said : ` Vitamin K injections are offered to parents as a measure to boost their newborn baby 's anti-clotting processes shortly after birth and reduce the risks of them suffering excessive bleeding caused by a deficiently in the vitamin . ` In this case , midwives and doctors chose not to provide him with the relevant dose without advising his mother about the vitamin and the importance of it - a decision which has had serious repercussions . ` We are delighted to have helped the family secure vital financial support , along with an admission of liability . ` It will ensure he gets the lifelong care he requires and also urge hospitals to ensure that guidance is following in relation to the issue of vitamin K. ' At London 's High Court today , Judge Michael Yelton approved the £ 7.3 million settlement , to be paid by the NHS Litigation Authority following a 23-year battle .