A group of technologically-challenged senior citizens are left completely and utterly befuddled by popular messaging app Snapchat after attempting to use it for the first time , in order to send the perfect selfie . In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel , the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat with hilarious - and mixed -- results , all of which are caught on camera . And while many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app , which allows users to share photos that will disappear within 10 seconds , they still ca n't really wrap their heads around the point of it . ` I 'm not into all this , ' a woman named Darlene says of that app . ` This is yet another play on this `` tweet '' thing that 's happening . ' Scroll down for video . Not a fan : Don -LRB- pictured -RRB- struggles to take a selfie in the latest Elders React video , in which he and other senior citizens learn about the photo messaging app Snapchat . Before being given some quick instruction about what to do with the app , many of the elders admit that they have no idea what Snapchat is - never mind how to use it . ` I just found out about Yelp , ' Darlene says with exacerbation . Meanwhile , another confused woman named Vera calls the app ` Snapchess ' . But before the group can start sending pictures , they are given cell phones so they can learn how to snap their own selfies - which proves to be an almost-insurmountable task in itself . ` I do n't know how to use an iPhone , ' Catherine says with a laugh before they get started . When Vera realizes that the app involves photos , she is disappointed . ` Oh , it 's pictures , ' she says . ` I hate pictures . ' After they take turns learning how to flip the phone 's camera around , they start snapping away , but most of them are quick to voice their displeasure with their photos . Feeling nostalgic : Liz ca n't wrap her head around the idea that the photos on Snapchat disappear . ` Would n't you want to save it ? ' she asks . ` Oh god that is a gross selfie , ' Yehuda , father of the Fine brothers , the creators of the channel , exclaims , while Catherine asks : ` Can I have a better picture ? That is an awful picture . ' They soon move on to captioning their own photos , which presents its own set of issues , as the seniors struggle with typing their messages . ` I just want to say : `` It 's Me , '' ' Don explains with frustration . ` It looks like it says : `` Light Me . '' ' But almost all of them enjoy the feature that allows them to color on their photos . ` I always wanted to know what I looked like with a mustache on , ' Liz says with delight as she adds purple facial hair to her selfie . After they upload their photos to the app , Alex asks : ` Who would care ? ' Perfect users : Rhoda notes that politicians should get on the app because of all of their ` sexting ' and ` nude pictures ' What fun : Rhoda can be seeing drawing a purple bow on her selfie . Most of the elders enjoy using this Snapchat feature . Meanwhile , Johnny has no idea that Snapchat is reportedly worth $ 19 billion . ` This is definitely going to catch on with kids , ' he says of the technology . The revelation that Snapchat is considered disposable social media because their photos will soon disappear soon leaves the group divided . ` Why would you do that ? ' Liz asks . ` Would n't you want to save it for the memory ? ' ` Oh , that is so stupid , ' Darlene adds , however Catherine notes that the feature is ` pretty neat ' . And Rhoda quickly thinks of a group of people who would benefit from this app . ` All that sexting and texting and nude pictures and all that , politicians should get onto this thing , ' she notes . No thank you : Darline -LRB- pictured -RRB- is completely unimpressed with Snapchat , calling it ` stupid ' Parental supervision : Alex -LRB- pictured -RRB- says she would never let her daughter have a cell phone during sleepovers at her house because of this app . Although Don is not convinced that the pictures will completely disappear , explaining : ` Nothing is gone forever - not on this stuff . ' Darlene remains unimpressed after she learns that there are ways for users to save the pictures against the sender 's wishes . ` Well , then what the heck are we talking about , ' she says with frustration . The elders then go on to discuss the controversy surrounding teens who are using the app to send inappropriate pictures . ` Do n't send the picture in the first place if it 's anything that is going to -LSB- include -RSB- your little naked a ** , ' Rhoda advises . And Alex says she would refuse to allow her daughter to have cell phones during sleepovers at her house . ` No pictures of girls in their underwear are going to leave this house , ' she says .