When Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to Washington to see her grandmother , the elderly lady did n't realise she was in store for two surprises . As Jessica walked through the door , she revealed she had had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm . Patty 's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative , showing her overcome with emotion at the artwork . Jessica surprised her grandmother Patty Lawing with the tattoo and it was captured on camera . Jessica had her husband Aaron Carey create the stunningly accurate tattoo of Patty on her forearm based on a childhood portrait . It showed her grandmother as a young woman , with long red hair , wearing a smart blouse and jacket . And along with the inking , she had also brought her two children with her as an additional surprise . Jessica anticipated a priceless reaction so organised to begin filming as soon as she walked through the door . Jessica Carey had her husband Aaron Carey tattoo a childhood portrait of her grandmother on her arm . She said : ` I had driven up that morning with both my kids to surprise her with the visit as well as the tattoo . She lives about three and a half hours from me . ` The video started recording within minutes of walking in through the front door . ' In the footage , Jessica hands her grandmother the original photograph of her when she was younger , before unveiling her uncanny inking to Patty . Patty immediately begins to shout ` oh my God ' and is so overwhelmed by the gesture that she begins to shake and wave her arms . Other people in the background exclaim how beautiful the tattoo is before one person tells Jessica : ` You 're going to give her an aneurysm ! ' The video was captured in February but the priceless reaction is only now emerging online . Although the video was captured in February , it has only just emerged online . Jessica shared the footage writing : ` Nana is one of my favourite people in the world . I had my husband tattoo a portrait of her on my forearm and then drove up the four hours to surprise her . ` Not only did I surprise her with a visit with my kids , but I also showed her how I chose to immortalise her . Her reaction is priceless . '