On a day of fireworks off the pitch as the row over end of season Championship scheduling exploded , Rangers fans let themselves down by setting off flares in the Energy Assets Arena . As the smoke cleared on this 1-1 draw against bottom side Livingston , though , Stuart McCall was left ruing the explosive impact of Myles Hippolyte despite his Ibrox side nudging one point clear of Hibs in second place . The Livvy attacker 's absolute cracker of a free-kick had sent the home side into the lead just two minutes after the break . Hippolyte 's joy was to be short-lived , though , as Rangers centre-half Marius Zaliukas raced up the park to restore parity with a clever back-header two minutes later . Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion . Livingston : Jamieson , Fordyce , Gallacher , Cole , Talbot , Keaghan Jacobs , O'Brien , Pitman -LRB- Mullen 86 -RRB- , Kyle Jacobs , White -LRB- Boulding 89 -RRB- , Hippolyte -LRB- Glen 81 -RRB- . Subs Not Used : Walker , Beaumont , Sekajja , Donaldson . Booked : Keaghan Jacobs . Goals : Hippolyte 47 . Rangers : Bell , McGregor , McCulloch , Zaliukas , Wallace , Vuckic , Shiels -LRB- Walsh 80 -RRB- , Murdoch , Law , Miller -LRB- Boyd 74 -RRB- , Clark -LRB- Hardie 74 -RRB- . Subs Not Used : Mohsni , Black , Crawford , Robinson . Booked : Vuckic . Goals : Zaliukas 49 . Att : 4,345 . Referee : Greg Aitken -LRB- Scotland -RRB- . But despite leapfrogging Hibs to go second , there was no mistaking McCall 's expression at full-time . To the manager , this was two points lost as Rangers ' form away from Ibrox once again gave them cause for concern . That 's just one win away from home in the last five Championships games now , as the tense race to finish second -- and avoid the third/fourth play-off games -- hots up ahead of the final three matches . To be fair to McCall , he had pinpointed this clash against a resurgent Livvy as one of the toughest matches his side would face before the end of the regular league season . The Rangers boss made just the one change from the side that beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at the weekend . There was a return to centre-half for captain Lee McCulloch , free from suspension after serving his two-game ban for an elbow on Hearts striker Osman Sow . The captain 's recall saw Darren McGregor move to right back , with Robbie Crawford dropping onto the bench . Livingston , on a run of three straight wins , made just the one change , Danny Mullen dropping out while the veteran Burton O'Brien was included to pack the home midfield . Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half and threatened to upset Rangers . Hippolyte curled a free-kick into the back of the Rangers net to give Livingston the lead in the 47th minute . After a series of loud bangs rang out across the stadium , the game exploded into real controversy after seven minutes . Livingston striker Jordan White challenged Rangers goalkeeper Cammy Bell in the air and Hippolyte turned the loose ball home . As he raced away in glee , the Rangers players , not to mention McCall in the dugout , looked grateful as the flag of assistant referee Dougie Potter halted the home celebrations . The Livingston players , and fans , meanwhile , reacted furiously . There had seemed little wrong with White 's challenge on the keeper . Rangers were struggling to impose themselves as an attacking force , against a side that looked nothing like relegation contenders . The best McCall 's men could muster early on was a header over the bar from Nicky Clark after a cross from the right wing by Haris Vuckic . The Slovenian then saw a long-ranger effort comfortably saved by Darren Jamieson in the home goal . But shortly afterwards , Vuckic looked fortunate to escape punishment when he appeared to catch Livvy 's Jason Talbot in the face with his arm . Referee Aitken had spotted the off-the-ball incident but he elected to award a foul to Livvy but took no action against the Slovenian , to the visible disgust of some Livingston players . Keaghan Jacobs sent the free-kick over the bar . Five minutes before the break , Kenny Miller sent a 16-yard shot flying over the bar when he really should have tested goalkeeper Jamieson . In the second half more booms erupted in the Rangers end but they were stunned into silence as the dangerous Hippolyte gave Livingston a lead with a terrific goal . McGregor fouled White at the edge of the box and Hippolyte stepped up to curl a stylish and superb free-kick beyond the diving Bell to leave Rangers players and their fans staring at a damaging defeat . Marius Zaliukas equalised a couple of minutes later for Rangers at the Energy Assets Arena . Rangers were unable to force a second goal and get the win , but still leapfrogged Hibernian in the table . But McCall 's men showed the kind of mettle that has been missing for most of this season when they drew level within 120 seconds . Vuckic sent in a free-kick from the left and there was Zaliukas to get in position to flick a backwards header beyond the diving Jamieson . As Rangers searched for a winner , McGregor fired in a powerful shot from the right wing that Jamieson uncomfortably palmed away . And Rangers thought they had gone ahead when Nicky Law fed Miller on the right , and he cut the ball back for Vuckic . But the Newcastle loan star 's shot cracked the inside of the post before being scrambled away to safety . Rangers survived a scare at the other end when Bell slipped but the goalkeeper recovered before White could take advantage of his fall . And the Livvy fans were furious when Zaliukas appeared to foul Scott Pittman in the box , only for referee Aitken to wave play on . McCall went for it , sending on Kris Boyd and young Ryan Hardie for front two Miller and Clark while Tom Walsh replaced Shiels . But his replacements made no impact and Rangers were unable to carve out any more opportunities . At the death , Vuckic was booked for simulation in the box as he desperately claimed a penalty . There was still time for yet another ear-shattering explosion from the Rangers end . But the booms were soon replaced by boos at the full-time whistle as Rangers had stuttered once more on the road . Livvy , for their part , were afforded a rapturous reception from their own band of fans as Mark Burchill 's men moved to within two points of second-bottom Alloa .