A 60-year-old man has flown more than 6,000 miles from Vancouver to Shenzhen , South China and turned himself into a walking billboard in a desperate bid to track down his online ` lover ' . Canadian Jake Malone met a woman calling herself ` RiLi ' on a social website 11 months ago , who according to her online profile lives in Shenzhen and owns a clothing company . She contacted Mr Malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit - but after turning up at her company 's address , he discovered the office had been closed for years , reports the People 's Daily Online . Bid to find online ` lover ' : Canadian Jake Malone flew more than 6,000 miles from Vancouver to Shenzhenand turned himself into a walking billboard in a desperate bid to track down a woman he met online . An infatuated Mr Malone , who fell in love with ` RiLi ' from a photo she sent him , now wanders the streets of the city , which has a population of ten million , with a sign bearing her picture attached to his torso . Mr Malone claimed it was love at first sight when he saw a photo of ` RiLi ' , who said her real-life name is Rebecca during their correspondence . Speaking to China Daily , he said : ` She is so beautiful . Her smile is cute and soft . I can tell how innocent her heart is by looking into her eyes . ` That innocence is what attracted me to her . ' Mr Malone said the website on which he met ` RiLi ' charged 20-30 Yuan -LRB- £ 2-3 -RRB- to receive and send each email . The pair have sent each other 396 emails in the last 11 months and Mr Malone claims that he has spent more than 11,000 Yuan -LRB- £ 1,100 -RRB- , paying for translators to communicate . He said : ` Translators block out all personal details in the emails . So Rebecca and I can only communicate through the website . ' Mr Malone mentioned coming to China to look for ` RiLi ' a few times , but she said she feared meeting in person would ruin the relationship . Despite her uncertainty , the Canadian decided to fly to China anyway - emailing ` RiLi ' about his hotel details and arrival times , though these were blocked by translators . Wild goose chase : Mr Malone has not been able to track down the woman , who calls herself ` RiLi ' , and is unable to contact her after the website they use to communicate was shut down . Unfortunately , the website that the pair met on suddenly shut down when Mr Malone landed in Shenzhen on the April 9 - meaning his mailbox was not accessible . Rebecca once told Mr Malone that she owns a clothing company that has the same name as her internet alias , ` RiLi ' . After tracking down the company 's address but finding it had closed down , he started to ask around for his online sweetheart . He arrived at Donghu hotel and the concierge Miss Zhang made him a sign that says ` your Canadian love is looking for you ' . Other hotel staff found a telephone number with the limited online information but no one picked up the call . Mr Malone carries the sign around his neck and walks around Luohu KK Mall , a big shopping centre , every day hoping that Rebecca will appear . He said : ` People in Shenzhen are very friendly . They took photos of me and put them online . I am very thankful for that . Love at first sight : Mr Malone , 60 , said he fell in love with ` RiLi ' , aka Rebecca , as soon as he saw her photo . Despite some passers-by warning him that ` RiLi ' was just looking for someone to talk to , the romantic is adamant their feelings were mutual . He said : ` No , I believe in her , I can feel from her letters that she loves me . ' He says is willing to give up his life in Vancouver and move to China if he finds her . He added to China Daily : ` I am afraid that she will not be able to get used to the Canadian life , but I can adapt to her life in China , ' Unperturbed by her lack of English , he says he has always been fascinated with Chinese culture and visited the country in 1987 . Mr Malone is a Buddhist and has been practising Taichi for a long time . He added : ` I can be an English or Taichi teacher since I have been doing that in Vancouver . '