No need to call the cops , the three men caught on camera smoking marijuana in an entertaining new video are actually former police offers themselves - and , of course , the substance that they 're lighting up is completely legal . Recorded in the state of Washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year , the video , created by YouTube channel Cut , sees each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong , before offering their thoughts , both funny and thoughtful , on the controversial substance . ` It 's like the last piece of prohibition , ' says Robert , 73 , who worked as a police officer from 1970 to 1986 before performing criminal justice training for another decade . ` I think it should be legal -LSB- and -RSB- I think it should be more widely available for medical reasons . ' Scroll down for video . Doobie discussions : Former police officers Rene , left , Robert , center , and David , right , discuss marijuana while smoking from a bong in a new video produced by Cut . Released on April 20 , which is affectionately referred to as 420 , a day widely regarded by marijuana users as the national day for getting high , the video shows the three men smoking several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug , eating snacks , and playing games , including crude card game Cards Against Humanity . ` I tried it once and I tell you , I was on a waterbed with a very agreeable woman and listening to Rhapsody in Blue , which I know lasts for about 18 minutes and 40 seconds , and it lasted for , oh hell , two or three hours , ' says Robert . David , who served as a reserve police officer from 1997 to 2004 , says he smoked for the first time at the age 14 , but stopped for a while afterward because he got caught . ` The last time I smoked was probably in 1968 when I was in college , ' says Rene , 67 , who was on the force from 1970 to 1997 . Celebrating 420 : The video was released on April 20 , which is regarded by many smokers as the national day to get high . They 've got the munchies : The three ex-cops snacked on chips and cookies while they smoked and talked for several hours . In between bong hits and self-administered field sobriety tests , the trio debates the dangers and benefits of using marijuana . Rene says that one argument for legalizing the drug is knowing what you 're getting when you buy it ; he explains that when people get it on the street , they do n't always know what their marijuana has been cut with . Sometimes it can be mixed with more dangerous substances . While they disagree on whether it 's a gateway drug - Robert notes that every heroin addict started out drinking milk , implying that it 's difficult to link the use of one product to another - they all seem to agree that legal repercussions for using marijuana do more harm than good . ` It costs more to put someone in prison than it does to send someone to Harvard , ' says Robert , suggesting that sending people to prison for marijuana possession or distribution is a wasteful drain on society . ` As far as I can remember , I never arrested anyone for it , but I took a lot of pot away from people and threw it away in front of them , ' says Rene , adding that he thought that his personal punishment was a bigger deterrent than writing them a citation . Pot partakers : Rene , left , says he never wrote a criminal citation to someone with marijuana , but would throw out their drugs in front of them ; while he served , it was illegal in every state . Special cause : The video links to Shona Banda 's GoFundMe page , which is raising money for the Kansas mother 's legal defense ; her 11-year-old son was taken away from her for discussing medical marijuana . At one point , the interviewer tells the former officers that some people report feeling sexually aroused when they smoke . ` I 'm 73 years old , I do n't know what the hell you 're talking about ! ' answers Robert . ` It 's been so long since I 've made love , I ca n't remember who ties up whom ! ' While the ex-cops ' cracks are certainly meant to elicit laughs , the video also aims to promote the GoFundMe page of activist Shona Banda . The Kansas mother 's 11-year-old son was taken away from her late last month when , during a drug discussion at his school , he extolled the benefits of medical marijuana . Shona , who used cannabis oil to treat her Crohn 's disease , is now raising money for her legal fees .