Earlier this month the tracksuit tycoon Mike Ashley agreed to buy a plot of land in Chelsea from the retailer John Lewis for somewhere in the region of £ 200million . The Clearings has been primed for redevelopment , with planning permission for 62 luxury flats , seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate Marlborough Primary School as part of the project . In five years , when the operation to build the properties is concluded and they have been sold to high-end buyers , Ashley will add something in the region of another £ 1bn to his net worth . There have been empty seats at St James ' Park recently as fans let their feelings about Mike Ashley be known . The weekend defeat by Swansea was a seventh straight Premier League loss for the Magpies . Toon keeper Tim Krul had to pick the ball out of his net three times against Swansea . Ashley looks after the money , obsessing over the finances at his business empire , which includes SportsDirect , Tesco and his football club in the north east . Last year his group made more than £ 500m . In return , he expects his employees , across the board , to deliver . The biggest motivation in Ashley 's life is to make money , something reflected in Newcastle United 's latest accounts , which are showing another decent profit and £ 34m in the bank . The money men at Newcastle are already aware that the team could play in an empty stadium when the new television deals crystallise at the start of the 2016-17 season and still turn a profit based on current income and expenditure . It feels like it could come to that as Newcastle 's disaffected supporters wonder where to take their grievances to next . Ashley , the club 's owner , does not appear to be listening . He is not a football man , certainly not in the same way as the increasing number of disillusioned supporters at St James ' Park . After seven straight defeats in the Barclays Premier League under their interim coach John Carver , they have every right to fear for the future . All is not well . It does not help that Ashley has taken a neanderthal approach to negative criticism , frequently banning journalists from St James ' because they have gone into bat on behalf of the team 's disaffected supporters . For such a successful businessman , Ashley 's sensitivity to criticism is undoubtedly one of his biggest weaknesses . Ashley -LRB- right -RRB- has never been Mr Popular at St James ' Park but the protests have been ramped up recently . A fan appeared to have a go at interim manager John Carver during the latest loss at St James ' Park . The view from the bench has n't been pretty for Carver and the Newcastle staff during the last few weeks . He should address it because his ability to make money should be one of his most powerful weapons at Newcastle . In January , after a deal had been concluded to take Alan Pardew to Crystal Palace , the former Newcastle manager gave a momentary insight into the financial strategy at St James ' Park . ` Newcastle is a big club , it 's difficult because it is run on an tight financial margin , ' admitted Pardew . ` We had to work hard on transfers , the funds for a club that size makes it difficult to understand that we had to build slowly . ' So what is so wrong with that , especially when the owner of the club still has an interest-free loan of £ 129m marked in the latest Newcastle accounts ? It is the job of Newcastle 's chief scout Graham Carr , along with his staff , to identify and recruit the players who can improve this team . Talent identification is not Ashley 's area of expertise and he has always made it clear that it is the responsibility of his scouting department to improve the squad . The natural conclusion when clubs sell their best players , as Newcastle did when Yohan Cabaye moved to Paris Saint-Germain in January 2014 and Mathieu Debuchy left for Arsenal last summer , is to lose momentum . It always feels like a lack of ambition . Then there are teams such as Southampton , who sold four of their best players last summer - Dejan Lovren , Adam Lallana , Calum Chambers and Luke Shaw - for £ 88m after finishing eighth in the Premier League . Newcastle fans held a protest urging fellow supporters to ` show Ashley the red card ' They responded by recruiting Dusan Tadic , Graziano Pelle , Fraser Forster , Florin Gardos , Shane Long and Sadio Mane for an outlay of around £ 56m . Under Ronald Koeman , who replaced Mauricio Pochettino last summer after he moved to Tottenham , Southampton could still qualify for the Europa League . They are a fine example to the teams outside the top four because Southampton -LRB- with an annual income of £ 90m -RRB- , Swansea -LRB- £ 84m -RRB- and Newcastle -LRB- £ 110m -RRB- can not compete on the same financial terms . Swansea , who beat Newcastle 3-2 last Saturday , have also had a recent change in management after promoting Garry Monk . He has had an outstanding year in charge . Toon fans held up the cards during the latest protest against owner Ashley . Even with the loss of Wilfried Bony , sold to Manchester City for £ 28m in January , they are on course for a top-eight finish because of their own financial prudence and some smart recruitment . Like Southampton , they are not living above their means , but their transfer policy is first class . They are being rewarded for that . Newcastle are currently 19th in the annual Deloitte report into football 's rich list , but they do not have the same financial muscle as Manchester United -LRB- £ 371m -RRB- , Manchester City -LRB- £ 277m -RRB- , Chelsea -LRB- £ 277m -RRB- , Arsenal -LRB- £ 219m -RRB- , Liverpool -LRB- £ 208m -RRB- and Tottenham -LRB- £ 153m -RRB- . This summer Ashley will make some new signings , something they desperately need after a depressing end to the season at St James ' Park . Without them , the balance sheet will be the only winner .