The 150 people killed in the Germanwings air disaster in the French Alps have been remembered at a memorial service in Germany today . The Cardinal who led the service at the historic Cologne cathedral urged forgiveness for all of the victims - including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz who is widely blamed for ` deliberately ' crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit . An investigation into the disaster revealed that Lubitz previously suffered from severe depression and his home computer showed he had researched ways of committing suicide . German President Joachim Gauck said the tragedy had not only provoked grief and sorrow , adding : ` We 're being confronted with a disturbing act of destruction . Speaking at the ceremony , he said : ` We ca n't find an answer to the question of why so many people had to die because of a decision that one person made . ' Small wooden angels were placed on the pews to comfort the 500 bereaved relatives of the doomed flights who were among 1,500 to attend the touching service . And flags have been flown at half-mast across the country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of bereaved relatives in the west-German city this morning . Memorial : German Chancellor Angela Merkel -LRB- second from left -RRB- and President Joachim Gauck -LRB- second from right -RRB- among were among the 1,500 attending a ceremony to remember the victims of the tragic Germanwings air disaster at Cologne Cathedral -LRB- pictured -RRB- today . Compassion : German Cardinal Rainer Woelki -LRB- left -RRB- - who is leading today 's service - urged forgiveness for all the crash 's victims , including the co-pilot blamed for bringing the plane down . Memorial : 150 candles have been lit in front of the altar of the cathedral where Cardinal Rainer Woelki will lead the service . Grateful : North Rhine-Westphalia 's State Premier Hannelore Kraft -LRB- left -RRB- shakes hands with a member of emergency services on behalf of the church . Humbled : Kraft paid her respects to those killed in the air disaster by bowing in front of the candles lit in their memory . Upset : Meanwhile hundreds of emotional locals -LRB- pictured -RRB- gathered to watch and listen to the memorial service outside the cathedral . Leaders : German Chancellor -LRB- centre -RRB- attended the memorial - as did President Joachim Gauck -LRB- top left -RRB- who said the tragedy had provoked grief and sorrow . Ceremony : Lufthansa Chief Executive Carsten Spohr -LRB- left -RRB- and Germanwings Managing Director Thomas Winkelmann -LRB- right -RRB- attended the memorial service for the 150 victims of Germanwings flight 4U 9525 . Greetings : North-Rhine Westphalia 's Prime Minister Hannelore Kraft -LRB- centre -RRB- welcomed Lufthansa boss Spohr ahead of the ceremony which will be broadcast nationwide . Tragedy : Le Vernet mayor Francois Balique -LRB- left -RRB- , Seyne les Alpes Mayor Francis Hermitte -LRB- right -RRB- and Prads-Haute-Bleone Mayor Bernard Bartolini -LRB- right -RRB- - who preside over the area where the plane crashed - were also in attendance . Touching : The moving ceremony will also be broadcast on screens outside and to German homes across the country , with one resident saying they are all ` touched by this horrific catastrophe ' Heart-breaking : Political and religious leaders -LRB- pictured -RRB- joined hundreds of bereaved relatives in the west-German city this morning to remember those who died in the plane crash . Blamed : French prosecutors revealed the plane 's co-pilot Andreas Lubitz -LRB- pictured -RRB- ` deliberately ' brought down the plane after locking its captain out of the cockpit . Victims : The jet which was heading to Dusseldorf in Germany from Barcelona was carrying 150 passengers - including young school children - who all died when it crashed -LRB- pictured -RRB- . A white flag with a black cross blew in the wind on the square outside where hundreds more people amassed to watch the ceremony on large screens , while buses and trains in the city stood still for one minute before the service started . Inside the cathedral , 150 candles were lit in front of the altar where speeches were given - one for every person killed in the disaster . The country 's Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Joachim Gauck attended the service - as did Spain 's Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez and French Transport Minister Alain Vidalies . Lufthansa chairman Carsten Spohr was also among the 1,500 guests , including 500 of the victims ' families . The event at Europe 's largest Gothic church in the west-German city was broadcast live on screens outside the cathedral and to millions of viewers nationwide . Cologne resident Ursula Mund said she would be among those watching on the large square in the city centre . The 53-year-old said : ` Of course this is a special occasion . We have all talked a lot about what happened and are still baffled by it . We are still saddened and I feel very moved today . ' Michael Senker who will follow the ceremony on television said : ` It 's important to me to watch because all of Germany has been particularly affected by this tragedy . We all feel touched by this horrible catastrophe . ' Remembrance : Among the attendees are 500 bereaved family members whose relatives died in the horrific crash in the French Alps . Bereaved : Touching tributes and flowers -LRB- pictures -RRB- were left outside Cologne Cathedral this morning as the entire country mourns the victims of the air disaster . Moving : Mourners left flowers and touching messages to the both the victims of the air disaster and the families they left behind . Devastated : The memorial at Cologe Cathedral today -LRB- pictured -RRB- follow a memorial event near the disaster site at the village of Le Vernet in the French Alps . Never forget : Posters of black ribbons -LRB- pictured -RRB- bearing the flight number of the doomed Germanwings jet have been displayed near the cathedral where the memorial is taking place today . Mourning : Flags have been flown at half-mast across the country , including on Germany 's parliament building in Berlin -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Union : The memorial service will be led by the Archbishop of Cologne , Cardinal Rainer Maria Woelki , and the president of the Protestant Church of Westphalia . Forgiveness : Cologne 's Cardinal Rainer Woelki - who will lead the ceremony at the cathedral -LRB- pictured -RRB- - urged compassion for all those who died in the crash including Lubitz . Mourners lay flowers and lit candles on the stairways leading to the cathedral - and outside the city 's main railway station nearby . A bouquet of white tulips left at the foot of the cathedral had a card with the message ` depression is incalculable , ' referring to co-pilot Andreas Lubitz who suffered from the illness . Cologne 's Cardinal Rainer Woelki - who will lead the ceremony - urged compassion for all those who died in the crash including Lubitz , saying : ` There are 150 victims . ' The Germanwings Airbus 320 was en route to Duesseldorf from Barcelona when it crashed in the French Alps on March 24 - killing everyone aboard . Germany was devastated by the loss of its citizens which included 16 young students and two teachers from a high school in the small town of Haltern-am-See who were returning from a class trip to Spain . Co-pilot Lubitz , who had been diagnosed as suicidal in the past , is believed to have deliberately flown the plane into the mountainside after locking the captain out of the cockpit . Disastrous : Among those who died when the plane went down in the French Alps -LRB- pictured -RRB- were 16 young students and two teachers from a high school in the small town of Haltern-am-See . Remains : Co-pilot Lubitz who is widely blamed for the crash had previously been diagnosed as suicidal . Investigators suspect Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before putting the plane into descent and increasing the jet 's speed several times as it went down . Aviation industry doctors have since demanded that German pilots undergo more extensive medical checks , while several airlines worldwide have changed rules to require two crew in cockpits at all times . Lufthansa - the parent company of Germanwings - cancelled its 60th anniversary celebrations set for April . It also placed memorial pages in major newspapers dedicated to the memory of passengers and staff who died in the disaster saying : ` We will never forget them . ' Loved ones of victims previously attended a memorial event near the disaster site at the village of Le Vernet in the French Alps . On April 13 , foreign ministers of Germany , Spain and France also paid tribute to the victims at Barcelona airport , where the passengers embarked .