The five-year-old namesake grandson of famed college basketball coach Jerry Tarkanian has suffered a stroke , his family said . His parents said young Jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada in Las Vegas at 4 am on Friday . Danny and Amy Tarkanian said he 's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement . Five-year-old Jerry Tarkanian , pictured here with with his parents , Amy -LRB- left -RRB- and Danny -LRB- right -RRB- Tarkanian , suffered a stroke at about 4 am on Friday and was taken to the hospital . The family said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke . Danny Tarkanian said that the stroke was in the back of young Jerry 's brain , where strokes apparently do less damage , according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal . Amy Tarkanian announced her son 's stroke on Twitter . ` Our son Jerry had a stroke ... he 's 5 and I 'm just dying inside , ' she wrote . Jerry , who is the grandson of the famed college basketball coach Jerry Tarkanian , was given a CT scan and other tests and is moving around better since the stroke , his family says . She said at about 6 am that her son was having a CT scan because the ` left side of his body is not moving ' and he was ` having trouble answering questions ' . Danny Tarkanian is a former Republican congressional candidate and Amy Tarkanian is a political commentator and former Nevada GOP chairwoman . The boy 's grandmother Lois Tarkanian is a Las Vegas city councilwoman . The elder Jerry Tarkanian , who led the 1990 University of Nevada , Las Vegas men 's basketball team to a national title , died in February , aged 84 . The Hall of Famer coached the UNLV Runnin ' Rebels basketball team for 19 years . The boy 's grandfather , Hall of Fame college men 's basketball coach Jerry Tarkanian , died in February , aged 84 . He coached the who University of Nevada , Las Vegas men 's basketball team for 19 years and led the 1990 team to a national title .