Southampton manager Ronald Koeman admits Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club . The midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury , but Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old , who has two years left on his £ 30,000-a-week contract , . Interest from Arsenal was rejected by Southampton last summer , but Koeman says the upcoming transfer window will be more testing for a player with ambitions to play in the Champions League . Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game for Southampton after damaging knee ligaments . The French midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal and Tottenham this summer . Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has admitted that Schneiderlin may leave the club this summer . The Southampton boss said : ` It 's more difficult -LRB- than last year -RRB- , I understand because I got the possibility as a player to change team and go to a big team , Barcelona , from Holland . ` We try to keep him for longer , we do everything , but there is a `` stop '' where we ca n't do more and then it 's all about the decision of the player . ` I do n't know -LRB- if he 's played his last game -RRB- , or about interest or about bids . We would like to keep everybody but sometimes it 's difficult . There are n't any serious bids for the player . He is happy but it 's up to him . ' While Koeman says that Schneiderlin 's season is over , the player himself has not given up on making it back before the end of May . He tweeted : ` Sad about my injury . . I am not giving up on coming back before the end of the season ! Thanks to everyone for their support ! ' Koeman also conceded that he may be forced to consider selling Nathaniel Clyne if the England right back does not sign a new contract within the next 10 days . Manchester United have shown interest in Clyne , who is entering the last year of his deal , and despite the offer to make him one of Saints ' best-paid players , he is stalling on signing . ` The club is offering the maximum we can , ' Koeman said . ` In football if you go into your last season of a contract , we do n't like that . ' Koeman also conceded that he may have to consider selling Nathaniel Clyne if he does not sign a new contract .