The fashion designer who created Qantas uniforms modelled by Miranda Kerr will now turn his talents to redesigning the attire for the airline 's pilots . Melbourne-born , Paris-based Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas ' domestic and international pilots which have not been changed for more than a decade . A key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform , with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of Qantas pilots . Melbourne-born , Paris-based designer Martin Grant -LRB- centre -RRB- will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas ' domestic and international pilots . He is pictured here with crew wearing the current dress . The fashion designer also created new Qantas uniforms for cabin crew in 2013 , modelled by Miranda Kerr . The Qantas uniform has evolved considerably since the 1930s -LRB- left -RRB- . Pictured right is a pilot in the 1980s . ` A key part of the design process will be asking our pilots what they would like to see in the new design , ' Mr Joyce said . ` It 's important that our crew feel proud to wear the Qantas uniform around the world , every day . ` They represent the national carrier so we want them to feel confident and comfortable sitting in the flight deck , standing in the cabin or walking through an airport . ' Mr Grant -- who has more than 30 years ' experience working as a in the fashion industry -- will spend time talking to pilots , travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms . ` Early feedback from Qantas pilots is that they want to retain the traditional image but give it a modern makeover to be more elegant and more wearable , ' he said . This image was taken in 1935 , when the first international services between Brisbane and Singapore began . Qantas pilots first wore a khaki military-style tunic . The uniforms had a nautical style in 1938 before reverting back military style khaki uniforms in WWII -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The crews who flew between Perth and Sri Lanka were over enemy patrolled territory for much of the journey and it was thought that military uniforms would better protect crew if captured . ` The female pilots are also hoping for a more feminine line so I will have that front of mind when I begin the design stage . ' Qantas Chief Pilot Richard Tobiano said comfort and durability were important to pilots , who spend up to 16 hours in the cockpit at a time . The new uniforms are expected to be rolled out next year . Mr Grant will take inspiration from historical Qantas uniforms , which have evolved considerably since the 1930s . In the 1950s -LRB- pictured -RRB- pilots wore nautical-style jackets and trouser with white caps . The uniform for the iconic Australian airline kept a similar design during the 1960s . In this promotional image from 1965 a Qantas pilot can be seen posing with a female passenger . Qantas pilots first wore a khaki military-style tunic when the first international services between Brisbane and Singapore began in 1935 . The uniforms took on a more nautical theme before reverting back to a military khaki design during the Second World War . Pilots wore a ` mid-blue ' colour in the 1970s , before uniforms became nautical again in 1980 . Australian label George Gross and Harry Who designed uniforms featuring a navy jacket and trousers in 1993 . The last time the uniform was redesigned was in 2003 by Australian designer Peter Morrisey . In the 1970s a a mid-blue uniform was introduced , reflecting broader style trends of brighter colours at the time . In this black and white photo from the 1970s four Qantas pilots can bee seen organising paperwork . In the 1980s Qantas pilot uniforms changed back to the traditional nautical style in 1980 . At this time , the first female pilots began flying with Qantas .