A woman who successfully set up her brother with one of her best friends ended up becoming so jealous of their relationship she tried to wreck their marriage . Husband and wife David and Sandra Greatrex , 53 and 52 , from Plymouth , have told their shocking story of harassment , which culminated in David 's sister Anne cancelling the couple 's wedding using a fake email address just weeks before the big day . The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary , Family Secrets and Lies , which airs tonight . Scroll down for video . David , 53 , and wife Sandra , 52 , from Plymouth , were harassmed by David 's sister . ` I was in tears and was so angry . I did not think someone was capable of doing that , ' says Sandra of the horrifying moment Anne informed them she 'd managed to cancel their nuptials behind their back . ` Everything was paid for so it was a lot of worry , ' she added . Luckily , the couple managed to piece their plans back together in time for their winter wedding though . and they subsequently took Anne to court for harassment . Sandra first met David after his 20-year marriage fell apart and her friend Anne , David 's sister , suggested they meet . ` I met Anne for coffee and David came out and I 've never let his side since , ' she says . ` When I first met him I did n't realise how important he would become . He 's my everything . ' Before long the couple were inseparable . But although Anne 's matchmaking had worked , she was not happy about their relationship and started sending Sandra threatening text messages telling her to stop seeing her brother . ` They were hurtful at the time but I could n't understand why . Maybe it was jealousy , ' says Sandra . ` My mum had lung cancer and was going through chemo at the time . Anne was sending messages saying , `` Your mum 's dying and you better get back to her '' . ' Ann Duffy , pretended to be her now sister-in-law and cancelled her brother 's wedding . But the relationship continued and Sandra and David became even closer . Then one day Sandra proposed . ` I was joking around - but not , ' says Sandra . Then David took the hint and gave Sandra a romantic proposal . For a while the angry texts from Anne tailed off . ` We went to the registry office , put the deposit down and made special invites - I could n't believe it was really happening , ' Sandra says of the wedding . ` My mum got involved in the beginning and helped me pick my dress . ' But in 2012 , Sandra 's mother lost her battle with cancer and a year later David 's mother Celia also became ill and moved in with Sandra and David . But Sandra would n't let Anne in their house , which reignited the rift . ` I would n't let her come to my house and see her mum because of all the hurtful thing she 's said to me . ` She could come to take her out but not in the house . ` She made a big deal about that and said that I was trying to replace my mum with her mum and that I was taking her away from her . ' Then 20 days before the wedding , the couple received a distressing phone call . David remembers : ` I was lying in bed when the phone rang and Anne said : `` I 've got to tell you - you might want to pot the phone on loudspeaker . '' ` Then she said : `` I 've saved you from divorce . I 've cancelled your wedding . '' ' David and Sandra Greatrex at their wedding . Sandra says : ` I was in tears and angry . I wanted to go nuts at her . Everything was paid for so it was a lot of worry . We were up all night . ` I did not think someone was capable of doing that . ` How low can you get ? This is your brother getting married . We had paid for everything and I thought she 'd ruined it . ` In the morning we rang the registry office and they confirmed that our wedding had been cancelled . ` They said we should come in so they could print everything off for us to give to the police . ' Anne had created an email address in Sandra 's name to set about jeopardising the couple 's plans . Luckily the registry office juggled things around and were able to fit David and Sandra back in on their planned date . Ann Duffy called Plymouth Register Office 20 days before her brother 's wedding and canceled it . Anne was jailed for eight weeks at Plymouth Magistrates ' Court . When Sandra reported Anne to the police , Anne admitted it straight away and was given a date to appear in court . But the angry text messages still continued and when the big day arrived , the couple still feared Anne might ruin it . Sandra and David at their wedding . ` We did n't see her until we got out side , ' remembers Sandra of their wedding day . ` We were going to get photos taken when she started shouting commiserations , filming me and putting two fingers up . ` I wish I did n't have to go through that , but I still had the best day I could have wished for . ' At court , Anne pleaded guilty to harassment and was sent to prison . She was jailed for eight weeks at Plymouth Magistrates ' Court and was also given a restraining order against Sandra for an indefinite period . David said : ` It was quite upsetting . She got eight weeks but I believe she only did four . ' And of Anne 's injunction against coming near Sandra , David says : ` It 's the best way -- the less we see of her the better . ' Sandra says : ` It 's jealousy bitterness and anger . To this day if she could split us up she would . ` But we 've been through so much , I do n't think there 's anything out there that could hurt us . ' Anne did not want to appear on the programme but said she had her reasons for cancelling the wedding and loved her brother . Family Secrets & Lies is on Channel 5 tonight at 10 pm .