A 24-year-old San Diego man was arrested and charged on Thursday with lying to federal agents about his involvement with Islamic State militants fighting in Syria , which has been documented on his Facebook page . Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters in US District Court of the Southern District of California . Saeed , who was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17 , is accused of making false statements during interviews with the FBI and other US authorities at the US Embassy in Ankara , Turkey , in March , the Justice Department said . Terror suspect : Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati , 24 , a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen , is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Syrian militants . Family business : Saeed -LRB- left -RRB- is seen in a photograph taken in spring 2014 with his brother . Mixed messages : Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting , had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members , but the FBI has found evidence to the contrary , including this Facebook photo . The criminal complaint said Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting , had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members . He also said he had never told anyone he was involved with the Nusra Front and had never worked or volunteered at a Sharia court , it said . Nusra Front is al Qaeda 's Syrian arm . ` Evidence gathered during the investigation contradicts these and other statements Saeed made to the interviewing agents , ' a Justice Department statement said . Federal agents investigating Saeed , who immigrated to the US with his family at age 10 , have uncovered incriminating Facebook photos and posts indicating his alleged involvement with Syrian militants . One photo of Saeed posted on his Facebook page shows him with a man who officials say has sworn allegiance to ISIS . Another photo of Saeed and his brother show them in the spring of 2014 when Saeed later admitted he shot up a Syrian prison . Others images released by the Justice Department this week depict a heavily bearded Saeed brandishing powerful assault rifles , a faint smile on his lips . In online chats and posts , Saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court , openly expressed his support for ISIS and claimed he had fought in a gun battle that lasted four months , reported Los Angeles Times . Oversharing : In online chats and posts , Saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court , expressed his support for ISIS and claimed he had fought in a gun battle that lasted four months . Terror tourism : The 24-year-old Californian traveled from San Diego to Istanbul and was in Syriaand Turkey until his return to the United States in March . Bad company : This photo shows Saeed with a man who officials say has sworn allegiance to ISIS . ` I am currently the media person for the Shari'ah Authority , ' Saeed is alleged to have boasted to a friend online . In a December 2013 Facebook conversation , Saeed allegedly wrote , ` I work with the brothers , ' according to documents cited by NBC San Diego . The 24-year-old Californian traveled from San Diego to Istanbul and was in Syria and Turkey until his return to the United States in March . He was arrested Wednesday in Rancho Bernardo , located in the northern part of San Diego . San Diego 6 reported that Saeed made his initial court appearance Thursday and was ordered held without bail after prosecutors argued that the 24-year-old terror suspect was a flight risk and posed a threat to the community . He is due back in court next Tuesday for a detention hearing .