Most afternoons , after the players had drifted away from Tottenham 's training centre , Tim Sherwood would sit for hours with his coaches Chris Ramsey and Les Ferdinand in the staff canteen . They were always together , forming an alliance after Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy made Sherwood responsible for the club 's youth and Under 21 programmes in 2008 . On Tuesday evening they will be in opposing dug-outs at Villa Park , trying to lead their teams away from relegation danger in these final , fraught weeks of the Barclays Premier League season . Tim Sherwood -LRB- from left to right -RRB- , Les Ferdinand and Chris Ramsey during their time at White Hart Lane . Sherwood -LRB- right -RRB- sits on the bench with Tottenham Hotspur staff Ferdinand -LRB- centre -RRB- and Ramsey -LRB- left -RRB- . Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor celebrates his goal by saluting Sherwood -LRB- right -RRB- and Ramsey -LRB- centre -RRB- . Whatever happens between Sherwood 's Aston Villa and Ramsey 's Queens Park Rangers , where Ferdinand is now head of football operations , the three men will remain firm friends . The bond is strong even if Sherwood is blocking Ramsey 's mobile phone calls temporarily . ` What would we talk about ? ' said Sherwood on Monday . ` You ca n't share team notes . I keep red - buttoning him ! All we could say is , `` How 's the family , are you all right ? OK , see you Tuesday '' . ' Sherwood and Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham . Someone , somewhere is always working an angle with Levy , but they looked out for each other at a club regarded as the most political in the English top flight . Intriguingly , Sherwood hinted on Monday that if Ramsey 's tenure at Loftus Road proves short-lived , he would ask to bring him to Villa . ` I would have to speak to the club about whether we could find a role for him here , ' confirmed Sherwood . ` I know I 'm biased but he is up there with the very best coaches I have ever seen . ` He is a street kid . He knows how to talk to them . You could ask him two minutes before to put on a session for 40 players and he could do it . ' Sherwood and Ramsey are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents at Spurs and helping them break into the first team . Sherwood and Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham and remain close ahead of their showdown . The bond between the two remains strong even if Sherwood is blocking Ramsey 's mobile phone calls for now . Sherwood hinted that if Ramsey 's tenure at Loftus Road ends , then he would ask to bring him to Villa Park . Harry Kane , Andros Townsend and Ryan Mason , who all played in England 's 1-1 draw in Italy last week , were brought through Tottenham 's youth system by this coaching collective . Some at Spurs bridle at the idea that the trio are wholly responsible for their development , but you ca n't deny their influence . Next season , for example , England Under 21 midfielder Alex Pritchard will return from his loan at Brentford and is expected to be named in Tottenham 's 25-man first-team squad . Joshua Onomah , who made his debut for Tottenham in January and also captains the youth team , is another discovery . Sherwood took to Ramsey when he was gaining knowledge of youth football after he accepted a new role at Tottenham in 2012 . Ramsey , who played right back for Brighton in the 2-2 draw with Manchester United in the 1983 FA Cup final , was brought into Tottenham in 2005 by academy director John McDermott and initially assigned to the Under 14 team . The pair had met at the FA , where Ramsey had worked after an ill-fated coaching spell alongside former Luton player Ricky Hill at Kenilworth Road . Ramsey still lives in Bedfordshire , a short drive from Sherwood 's imposing house in Dagnall , Buckinghamshire , which he bought when he was a Blackburn player . Ramsey pictured on the touchline during a QPR match as he tries to save the club from relegation . Ramsey must put his friendship with Sherwood on ice for the time being as he tries to see off his pal 's team . Ramsey still lives in Bedfordshire - a short drive from Sherwood 's imposing house in Buckinghamshire . When Sherwood accepted his role as development co-ordinator , shipping players out on loan to gain experience -LRB- often to Swindon , where Lee Power , a friend from his playing days at Norwich , is chairman -RRB- , Tottenham 's players flourished . On matchdays he often scouted players with Ferdinand . As they became more involved with youth development , preferring to educate their own players rather than recruit expensive youngsters , they gained Levy 's trust . When Andre Villas-Boas pushed the self-destruct button in December 2013 , all three moved into the dug-out following Sherwood 's appointment . It was short-lived . Sherwood and his staff left at the end of the season after Levy opted for Mauricio Pochettino . Sherwood was expected to follow Ferdinand and Ramsey to QPR when Harry Redknapp quit . But he had also struck up a relationship with Villa director of recruitment Paddy Riley and that is the reason Sherwood and Ramsey face each other on Tuesday night .