A man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing Candy Crush on his phone for weeks -- and did n't even realise he was injured . The 29-year-old , who lived in California , had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs . He tore the tendon , an injury which is normally quite painful , but reported he felt nothing at all . Doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people 's pain and this might be why some people play them excessively , and why some people become addicted or become injured while playing . A man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing the game Candy Crush Saga on his phone for weeks - but reported he felt no pain at all -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Candy Crush Saga is a popular game that involves swiping rows of brightly coloured sweets in order to line up three matching ones and earn points . It has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012 . Writing in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine , doctors describe how man came to hospital in California complaining his left thumb hurt and he could n't move it properly , and said he had been playing the game for weeks . They examined him and carried out MRI scans on his hand , and discovered he had ruptured a tendon in his thumb , and would need surgery to repair it , LiveScience reports . Dr Andrew Doan , a co-author of the case report said typically , when people rupture this tendon , they tear it at the point where it is thinnest , or where it attaches to the bone . Candy Crush Saga has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012 . Violent video games in which players have to shoot enemies can actually be good for people , a university has claimed - after discovering the games give people a higher pain threshold . A study at Keele University found that 40 volunteers were able to stomach pain for 65 per cent longer after playing violent ` first person shooter ' games , than those who had played a non-violent golf game . Participants played both the violent and non-violent game on separate occasions for 10 minutes and then placed one of their hands in ice-cold water to test their reaction to pain . On average , participants kept their hands in the icy water for 65 per cent longer after playing the violent game , indicating that playing the game increased the participants ' pain tolerance . But in this man 's , he tore the tendon at its thickest point , which would usually cause pain before it ruptured , he told LiveScience journalists . This could be because when people play games , they feel pleasure and excitement , and this can cause natural painkillers to be released in the body -- similar to when a person experiences a ` runner 's high ' , he explained . This might numb the pain of an injury , but it could also explain why video games can be addictive , he added . In this case , the man was not actually addicted to Candy crush , but Dr Doan warns people who do become hooked , and their relationships , finances and work can suffer . He advised limit gaming to half an hour a day , as studies have shown that at this level , games can have social and emotional benefits . Those who have problems in their lives as a result of too much gaming should go to their doctor , and can seek help from the support group On Line Gamers Anonymous . Writing in the report , researchers said the ` painkiller effect ' of video games might have benefits in the right circumstances . Research could consider whether video games have a role in pain management , as a non-drug alternative during painful medical procedures , they said . It might be interesting to study which video games are able to reduce the perception of pain the most , they added .