Jordan Henderson insists he could n't be happier after completing the formalities of signing his new long-term contract . The 24-year-old Liverpool midfielder put pen to paper on Thursday morning on a deal worth more than £ 100,000 per week that will keep him at Anfield until the summer of 2020 . Henderson 's current terms had 12 months to run but leaving Merseyside was never an option . Henderson is the latest big name in Brendan Rodgers ' squad to commit his future to the club -- deals for Philippe Coutinho and Daniel Sturridge were completed earlier in the campaign . Jordan Henderson is ` over the moon ' after signing a new long-term contract with Liverpool . The club 's vice captain puts pen to paper on a deal which will keep him at Liverpool until 2020 . Henderson seen in training for Liverpool at Melwood on Thursday afternoon . Henderson shakes hands with Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard during training at Melwood . Liverpool , who are expected to confirm that Jordon Ibe has signed a similar long-term extension before the end of the week , have been in negotiations since the start of the season with Henderson 's advisers . He has not let the talks distract his focus and has been one of Liverpool 's most consistent players , producing 13 assists and seven goals from midfield and , significantly , being promoted to the role of vice captain . Rodgers will consider Henderson for the role of club captain after Steven Gerrard moves to LA Galaxy at the end of the campaign but , for now , the England international is delighted to have agreed terms on a contract that will take him through the peak years of his career . ` I 'm over the moon that it 's all done just so I can concentrate on the future and what needs to be done now , said Henderson , who arrived from Sunderland in a £ 16million deal in June 2011 , when Kenny Dalglish was manager . Jordan Henderson , in action against Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday , has agreed a new Liverpool deal . Henderson has enjoyed a strong campaign and could be handed the armband when Steven Gerrard leaves . Asked if there was ever a point when he thought negotiations might not reach a successful conclusion , Henderson replied : ` Not really , no . For me it was just a case of leaving it to the club and my agent to sort it out . ` I always said that I wanted to stay at Liverpool and there was no other club that I would go to . I wanted to commit my future and it was just a matter of time for my agent and the club to sort it out . Thankfully today it 's done . ' Henderson is keen to add to his trophy cabinet after winning just one trophy since sealing a move to Liverpool in 2011 . ` Hopefully we 've got many years ahead of winning trophies , ' Henderson told liverpoolfc.com . ` I 'm the same as every other player , I want to be playing at the highest level - in the Champions League , winning trophies and being very successful . ` I had good conversations with the manager about the future of the football club and it was very bright , I was very pleased with what I was hearing . ` I want to be a big part of that and hopefully I can . ` I feel there 's a lot of potential , but we need to start turning that potential into winning things . I 've got a good feeling that we can do that . ' Henderson arrived from Sunderland in a £ 16million deal in June 2011 , when Kenny Dalglish was manager . The Liverpool midfielder shoots during Liverpool 's FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa . Rodgers added : ` Jordan is a brilliant professional and his dedication to his career and football in general makes him a role model to all young players . ` He has faced adversity in his time at Liverpool , but his improvement , growth and development is entirely down to his own hunger , commitment and willingness to learn and be better . ` The fact he has made such a long-term commitment to Liverpool is a sign of his belief in what we are looking to do here . He will have a crucial role to play as we look to take this side forward and look to add success to the progress we have made . ` I am very excited about our future and what this group can achieve together ; today 's announcement is another important positive step forward . '