David Cameron urged an audience to support West Ham during a speech yesterday - despite the fact he 's always claimed to be an Aston Villa fan . The Prime Minister subsequently admitted he 'd suffered a ` brain fade ' during the election campaign address in Croydon , where he was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities . He said : ` This a country where people of all faiths , all colours , creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place . David Cameron looks a bit sheepish after accidentally urging the audience to support West Ham - though he did n't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards . Last week the Conservative leader tweeted his delight at Villa reaching the FA Cup final by beating Liverpool . ` We are a shining example of a country where multiple identities work . ` A country where you can be Welsh and Hindu and British , Northern Irish and Jewish and British , where you can wear a kilt and a turban , where you can wear a hijab covered in poppies . ` Where you can support Man Utd , the Windies and Team GB all at the same time . ` Of course , I 'd rather you supported West Ham . ' The Conservative leader was pulled up on the error after the speech , which he read from an autocue , though the party has since admitted it was not included in his prepared text but was an off the cuff remark . It was omitted from the official transcript of his speech issued by the Conservative Party . Cameron blamed his gaffe on a ` brain fade ' like that suffered by Green Party leader Natalie Bennett earlier in the campaign . He said : ` I 'm a Villa fan ... I must have been overcome by something ... this morning . ` But there we are , these things sometimes happen when you are on the stump . ' The two teams do both play in a claret blue colours - albeit in stadiums 130 miles apart . Only last week Cameron tweeted his delight at Villa reaching the FA Cup final by beating Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley . He told the Birmingham Mail : ` It was a tremendous game with -LSB- club stars -RSB- Benteke and Delph doing Villa proud , against the odds . I ca n't wait to watch the final at the end of May . ' The PM has been a fan since his teens after after he was taken to Villa Park aged 13 by his uncle Sir William Dugdale , who was club chairman from 1975 to 1982 . Sir William died last year . The PM has been a Villa fan since his teens and is pictured here during a game against QPR in 2011 . Piers Morgan was one of a number of football fans to lay in to the Prime Minister on Twitter over his error . His error was swiftly seized upon by his political rivals , as the hashtag #villagate began trending on Twitter . Labour 's former communications chief Alastair Campbell - whose own team Burnley also play in claret and blue - said the mistake ` says a lot about his character which impacts upon policy . Out of touch . Phoney . Believes nothing . ' Campbell said every sports fan would have their ` stomach churning ' to hear the PM apparently forget the name of the team he supported , adding : ` I am sorry but this alone means Cameron has to go . Total million percent phoney , as -LRB- Villa manager -RRB- Tim Sherwood might say . ' Shadow chancellor Ed Balls , a fervent Norwich City fan , tweeted : ` Hey David Cameron ... I 'm off to see that football team I support this afternoon . Name escapes me ... they play in yellow ... Watford ? ' But former Conservative press officer Jonathan Collett , a fellow Villa supporter , said he believed the mistake was down to an error in Mr Cameron 's speech . ` PM is a passionate Villa fan . Takes son to matches ... Suspect speechwriter error , ' said Mr Collett . Soon after the prime minister 's gaffe comedian Matt Lucas took to Twitter , creating an amusing new team name . He posted : ` David Cameron just remembered his favourite football team is Weston Villham . ' While former England footballer Gary Lineker posted a video of the ` brain fade ' and wrote : ` David Cameron has forgotten which Football Club he supports . Aston Villa last week , West Ham this . Burnely next ? ' . Cameron backed Aston Villa 's new manager Tim Sherwood -LRB- pictured -RRB- to make an impact in the club 's bid to stave off Premier League relegation . Nigel Farage also made fun of Cameron , telling PA he not make ` pretences ' about football teams he supports and then change them but revealed his son is a Crystal Palace season ticket holder . The UKIP leader said : ` My grandfather was a Crystal Palace supporter , my grandmother was , my eldest son is a season ticket holder , he 's there this afternoon , there 's a match against Hull today . ` Football 's not a big part of my life but I do n't make pretences about teams I support and then chop and change them . ' When he was first elected to Parliament in 2001 , Cameron said he did not follow football , telling the House of Commons in a debate on hooliganism that year : ` Many of those who have spoken in the debate or have written about the subject are either lawyers or football fans , but I have to confess that I am neither . ' The first mentions in the national press of his liking for Aston Villa came after he was elected Tory leader in 2005 . He was reported in 2006 to have written on his blog that he ` half-heartedly ' supported Villa and could name only three of their players . Mr Cameron was asked about the slip-up in an interview with Sky News ' Murnaghan to be broadcast tomorrow . Asked to confirm which team he actually supports , he said : ` I 've been an Aston Villa fan all my life , I literally opened my mouth and I was going off-piste about the fact that in Britain you can be a supporter of the West Indies , a supporter of Manchester United , and a supporter of Team GB . ` I was then busking about other things you can support and was ... I do n't know what happened to me , it was just one of those things . ' Former Labour spin doctor Alastair Campbell , also a fan of a claret coloured team , enjoyed the PM 's gaffe . Asked if it was on the script , he said : ` No , it was n't on the script , I was going off-script to add to the examples , and I suppose it is just the campaign . By the time you have made as many speeches as I have on this campaign all sorts of funny things start popping out of your mouth . ' Asked if he remembered watching Aston Villa beat Bayern Munich in the European Cup final as a child , he said : ` I do , that 's why I became a Villa fan . ' Pressed to say when it was , he replied : ` I 'm not doing quiz time because I 'll get them all wrong , but that 's not what I 'm here to talk about . ` That 's why I became a Villa fan , because my uncle was involved in the club , and back in the early 80s , with all those successes , and Andy Gray and Brian Little , and that 's what got me going . ` But I do n't go very often , in fact I have n't been for years and years , but I try and keep up , and I 'm hoping we are going to escape the relegation zone , which we 're out of now , and obviously the FA Cup final is very exciting . ' The Prime Minister ' mistake was soon trending on Twitter as #villagate . He blamed it on a ` brain fade ' like that suffered by Green Party leader Natalie Bennett earlier in the election campaign . Reminded of his comment in 2001 in the House of Commons that he was n't actually a football fan , Mr Cameron said : ` I mean , I 'm not a regular attender , I used to play football as a kid , my son plays football , and I try and sort of keep up with what 's happening in the Premier League and see how Villa are doing . ` But when they get snug in the middle of the table I tend to sort of , I tend to back off a bit . When we get close to the bottom I get nervous , but I do n't know what happened this morning . ' Asked a final time to name the year Villa won the European Cup -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , he said : ` It was early eighties . I 'm not going to give you a date because I 'll get it wrong . ' Asked who scored the one goal -LRB- Peter Withe -RRB- , he replied : ` You 're wasting your precious interview time . ' In February he publically backed new manager Tim Sherwood to make an impact in Villa 's efforts to stave off Premier League relegation , saying : ` I am hoping for a couple of Villa gains to lift us out of the danger zone . ' He has been pictured at Villa games in the past , including a clash with QPR at Loftus Road in 2011 .