A couple who were reunited with their lost wedding ring after it was discovered by a scuba diver in Mexico have renewed their vows in an intimate ceremony - alongside the man who found and returned the precious piece of jewelry . Martin and Jessica Castillo , from Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , lost the ring , which belongs to Mr Castillo , while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013 , and had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark , who picked it up from the ocean floor over a year after it was first lost . Now , in honor of the lucky reunion with their ring , Mr and Mrs Castillo have renewed their vows - and even asked Mr Roark , 22 , to serve as their ` padrino de anillo ' , or ` godfather of the ring ' for the ceremony , which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon . Scroll down for video . The happy trio : Martin -LRB- L -RRB- and Jessica -LRB- R -RRB- Castillo invited Daniel Roark to play a role in their vow renewal ceremony after he reunited them with their lost wedding ring last year . Special occasion : Before a cousin of Mrs Castillo 's alerted them to Mr Roark 's Facebook campaign , the couple had all but given up hope of ever finding the lost wedding band . ` On a sunny day Daniel and Martin waited under the chuppah for Jessica , ' the couple 's photographer , Matt , wrote on his website . ` She approached the altar on the beach in her white bridal gown and greeted her husband with a kiss . Daniel was the `` padrino de anillo `` , `` godfather of the ring '' , returning the wedding band to the couple and having it placed on Martin 's finger -LSB- and bringing -RSB- closure after a two-year journey . ` Jessica and Martin renewed their vows , embraced their `` angel '' and celebrated their love , the success of #thelostweddingband campaign and the goodhearted young man behind it -LRB- sic -RRB- . ` Jessica and Martin also shared a preview of the sequel to this story , they are expecting their first child and will name it after Daniel ! ` New friends , new adventures and a fresh start with the ring they thought was gone forever , a fairytale come true and a `` happily ever after '' for all . ' Sun-filled fun : The couple returned to Playa del Carmen , in Mexico , where they had their honeymoon , in order to renew their vows . Special role : Mr Roark was invited to serve as the couple 's ` padrino de anillo ' or ` godfather of the ring ' Lucky find : Mr Roark , an enthusiastic scuba diver , discovered the ring in September 2014 , more than a year after it was lost . Meaningful : The ring is engraved with ` Jessica 16-02-13 TYYJCEM ' . TYYJCEM stands for ` Tu y yo juntos contra el mundo ' or ` You and I together against the world ' After discovering the lost wedding band , which been lying under seven feet of water for over a year , while scuba diving on holiday in September 2014 , Mr Roark sent out a message on his Facebook page in the hopes of returning the ring , which is engraved with ` Jessica 16-02-13 TYYJCEM ' . TYYJCEM stands for ` Tu y yo juntos contra el mundo ' or ` You and I together against the world ' . The Facebook campaign quickly attracted attention and support from hundreds of thousands of people around the globe , sparking a viral social media search for the couple - who were eventually told about Mr Roark 's efforts by Mrs Castillo 's cousin . Although Mr Roark admits he was slightly skeptical about the legitimacy of the cousin 's claims - he had already received more than 50 messages from people falsely claiming that the ring belonged to them - he was soon convinced after she sent him a series of images of Mr Castillo wearing the band on his wedding day . ` We had no idea that someone was looking for us , ' Mr Castillo said at the time . ` You have no idea what this means . ' Guardian : Mr Castillo described Mr Roark as the couple 's ` angel ' True love : The couple were overjoyed to be reunited with the wedding band . Mr Roark admitted when he first found the ring that he had no idea whether its owner would actually want it to be returned - or whether it had been cast into the water on purpose , in a willing attempt to ensure it remained lost . When he launched his initial campaign on Facebook , Mr Roark posted a picture of the ring , before writing : ` OK , so while scuba diving around Playa Reef , Playa Del Carmen last week , I happened to find this ring . ` Unfortunately there is no way for me to know whether it was lost or intentionally thrown into the ocean . ` Assuming it was not the latter , I 'd like to find the owner so I can send it to them . ' ` If you know a couple who was married on February 16th , 2013 , who lost a wedding band -LRB- likely while diving -RRB- near Playa Del Carmen Mexico , please have them contact me at thelostweddingband@yahoo.com . Precious : Mr Roark posted this picture of the ring on his Facebook page shortly after finding it . Helping hand : Mr Roark was scuba diving off the coast of Playa del Carmen in Mexico when he found the wedding ring on the sea bed . Found : A cousin of Mrs Castillo 's -LRB- center -RRB- messaged Mr Roark to tell him the ring belonged to her relaitve , who had lost it during their honeymoon in February 2013 . ` If not , please take a second to share this . Let 's make some social media magic happen ! ' In another post he added : ` I 'm shocked at how much support the search for the wedding band owner has received ! ' The story was even shared on George Takei 's Facebook wall , boost the search 's signal , with Roark stating that along brought in 125,000 more shares . ` Sadly the owner has not been found yet , but my hope for humanity was certainly restored ! ' ` Always remember , even in this crazy world , there are a lot of kind people . '