When Clarence David Moore escaped from a North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate , President Richard Nixon occupied the White House , US forces were still fighting in Vietnam and a single ride on the New York City subway cost 30 cents . Moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades , until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff 's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive . Sheriff Pat Melton says Moore , 66 , was at the former Polk Youth Institute in Butner , North Carolina , serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free June 10 , 1972 . Scroll down for video . Captured : Clarence David Moore , 66 , is seen being wheeled from his home in Frankfort , Kentucky , Monday , after he admitted to being a fugitive who escaped from a North Carolina prison in 1972 . Medical necessity : Moore suffers from several medical conditions and can not walk , but because he has no Social Security card of any form of ID , he has been unable to receive medical treatment . At 4 pm Monday , nearly 43 years after Moore 's escape , he finally emerged from the shadows . ` I need to make this right and get through this , ' Moore was quoted as telling Sheriff Melton . After sheriff 's deputies verified Moore 's story , he was taken into custody . The 66-year-old , who suffers from several unspecified ailments and apparently can not walk on his own , was captured by the station WTVQ being wheeled out of his Frankfort home on a gurney and taken to a hospital before being sent to jail . He explained to investigators he has not been able to get medical treatment because he does not have a Social Security card or any other form of identification . According to the sheriff 's office , the man 's unexpected decision to give himself up after all these years was motivated by his desire to see a doctor . Now it will be up to prosecutors in North Carolina to decide whether to pursue extradition in Moore 's case . Hiding in plain sight : Moore had worked on a ship for many years before moving to Frankfort and settling in a tidy red-brick home with white columns along a tree-lined residential street . According to North Carolina Department of Public Safety prison records obtained by WHAS11 , Clarence Moore , who also went by the name David Moore , had been convicted of larceny in July 1967 . Moore told deputies in Kentucky that the charge stemmed from the theft of two television sets . He was originally scheduled to be released June 1 , 1978 . During his time as an outlaw , Moore had worked on a ship for many years before moving to Frankfort and settling in a tidy red-brick home with white columns along a tree-lined residential street . When in 2009 he was involved in a car crash , Moore gave his name as Ronnie Dickinson to protect his true identity . He is now facing a charge of contempt of court in Kentucky for misrepresenting himself to police five years ago . Prison break : Moore , then , 23 years old , took off from a prison formerly known as Polk Youth Institute in Butner in June 1972 .