Dramatic bodycam footage of an officer shooting dead a man with a history of mental illness after he pointed a gun at him earlier this month as been released . The video shows Donald Allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett on April 11 . Barnett , 25 . then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun , making threatening statements as he does.WARNING : Graphic content . Bodycam footage released this week shows a police officer in Sand Springs , Oklahoma , fatally shooting a man . The bodycam footage shows Donald Allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett , 25 . The camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost . It was recovered but the audio was not . Deputy Chief of Police Mike Carter played the video at a news conference on Tuesday , Tulsa World reported . The camera was malfunctioning and it was initially thought the video was lost . It was forensically recovered , but the audio from the bodycam was not , Fox 23 reported . Carter said : ` We are faced with making decisions that other people normally are not faced with making . ` This officer had to make one of those decisions that day . ` By this video , I think it very clearly shows he made a good decision . ` He made the decision he had to make . ` Do n't ever confuse that with a decision that we want to make . ' He said he believes the shooting was justified . Barnett shot four times . Officers in Sand Springs have been wearing bodycams for the past seven years and the early April incident was the first officer-involved shooting in 17 years in the town . Allen , a Vietnam veteran , was shooting a gun in his backyard when police were called , according to News on 6 . His wife told police he was a paranoid schizophrenic and had been off his medication for a year . Deputy chief Carter added : ` Mr Allen is a victim . ` He 's a victim of mental illness , he 's a victim of the system . ` This was a tragic incident . ` It 's something we hope we are never placed in the position of happening again . ' All the recordings have been turned over to the Tulsa County District Attorney 's Office . Barnett remains on administrative leave pending an investigation by the Tulsa County DA . Deputy chief Mike Carter said : ` It 's something we hope we are never placed in the position of happening again '