Two comedians and a Coronation Street actress came out in support of Labour at a party rally . Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband 's mansion tax plans , at the event also attended by Eddie Izzard , Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay . The comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at Warrington 's Parr Hall the popstar - who claimed the planned levy on homes worth more than £ 2 million would hit ` little grannies ' - had made her money ` showering in a bikini ' and should be ` proud to make a contribution ' . Elton , who distanced himself from the party under Tony Blair , told supporters he was ` back with Labour ' . He said : ` It 's no secret that I am now one of that wealthy minority . Me and Myleene Klass . Scroll down for video . Comedian Ben Elton , left , took a swipe at Myleene Klass , right , during a rally for Labour supporters . The Only Way is Essex star Joey Essex posed for a selfie with a fan during rally in Warrington . ` I made my money cracking knob gags , she made her money showering in a bikini . ` We should both be proud to make our contribution . ' Elton lashed out at the glitzy Black and White fundraising ball staged annually by the Conservatives to raise funds . ` Apparently we are the ones that sneer . Really ? Have you seen the Black and White ball ? ` Just a little bit of sneering going on I think . ' Long-time Labour supporter Eddie Izzard said the party would offer a ` fair chance for everyone ' . Actress Sally Lindsay told the crowd ` it makes me sick ' that people are having to turn to foodbanks because they can not afford to eat . The former Coronation Street star backed Labour 's plans to ban exploitative zero-hours contracts and called for a ` decent minimum ' wage . Coronation Street actress Sally Lindsay joined Justine Miliband and Eddie Izzard at the campaign event . Joey Essex was among the crowd at the rally where Ed Miliband announced a £ 5 billion Future Homes Fund . ` That 's why I 'm voting Labour , that 's why I support Ed . ' Martin Freeman , one of Britain 's most bankable Hollywood stars , was the first celebrity face to back Labour 's 2015 General Election campaign . Joey Essex , who posed for selfies with excited fans , was attending the event ahead of interviewing all the party leaders for a TV special . At the rally in Warrington , Ed Miliband told supporters a Labour government would ` get Britain building again ' . Announcing a £ 5 billion Future Homes Fund , he said Labour would build 125,000 new homes . In a speech , he said : ` There 's nothing more British than the dream of home ownership . Starting out in a place of your own . But for so many young people today that dream is fading . ' He went on : ` Our plan is the first real plan for housebuilding in a generation . ` We will build at least 200,000 homes a year by the end of the Parliament . ` We wo n't let those large developers just hoard land . ` Waiting for it to go up in value when it could be used to build homes . ` We 'll say : either you use the land or you lose the land . ` We will build a new generation of towns , garden cities and suburbs creating over half a million new homes . Ed Miliband , speaking at the rally , said a Labour government would ` get Britain building again ' ` We will make housing the top priority for additional capital investment . ' Mr Miliband added : ` The banks will benefit from the taxpayer support we will provide to help people save for their first home . ` In return , we will expect the banks to invest in homes for the next generation . Unlocking £ 5 billion for 125,000 homes . ` A Labour government will get Britain building again . '