The sailor who claimed to have ` miraculously ' survived for 66 days at sea has responded to sceptics around the world -- saying : ` God knows I am a truthful man ' . Louis Jordan , 37 , who was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast , said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean , and by catching rainwater in a bucket . But doubters have questioned how Jordan -- who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder and who appears well-fed , with pale , unblemished skin -- seemed in such good shape after such a gruelling ordeal . Scroll down for video . Louis Jordan , second from left , walks from the Coast Guard helicopter to the Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Norfolk , Virginia . He left hours later after he refused treatment . Doubters of Jordan 's ordeal say that despite claiming to have broken a shoulder , he appeared to be well-fed , with pale , unblemished skin . Rebutting his critics for the first time yesterday in an exclusive interview with The Mail on Sunday , he said : ` God knows I am a truthful man . My family knows I am telling the truth . The people who know me know that . ' He added that the authorities had checked he had not withdrawn money from his bank account when he first went missing , though they will now scrutinise his credit card and bank statements for any activity during the period he says he was drifting . Jordan said his morale was boosted by reading the Bible from cover to cover , but claimed he lost 50 lbs after his supply of tinned food ran out and his diet was reduced to raw fish . He also gave colourful examples of his experiences , from encounters with two killer whales who had ` such beautiful faces , they looked so friendly ' , to sailing through shoals of glowing phosphorescent jellyfish at night . Jordan pictured on his 35-foot boat , which during one storm in which Jordan claims he broke his shoulder , lost its mast , rudder and radio . Jordan had been living on his docked sailboat in Conway , South Carolina , before he told his family he was ` going into the open water ' to go fishing more than two months ago . Jordan , an amateur sailor who had been living on his boat , the 35 ft Angel , set off on a fishing trip from Conway , South Carolina , on January 23 . He was reported missing six days later . The sailor claims he broke his shoulder during one of the three times his boat was knocked over in heavy seas -- destroying the mast , rudder and radio -- yet he has shown no obvious sign of injury . Last night a US Coast Guard spokesman said : ` We do n't have any reason to doubt him but nor can we confirm he spent all this time out there . We are looking forward to learning more about what exactly happened . We are as keen as anyone to find out the truth . ' Survival expert Erik Kulik , of the True North Wilderness Survival School , said : ` I would have expected him to be severely dehydrated . After refusing treatment at the hospital , Jordan when right into taking part in television interviews about his experience . ` After that amount of time at sea he would have been wobbly on his feet and yet he seemed to walk perfectly . He says he broke his right shoulder and yet he did n't even seem to be guarding that shoulder in the pictures I saw after the rescue . There is a lot that does n't add up . ' Jordan , who was rescued on Thursday , said his shoulder injury had healed , adding : ` I have a bump but it 's fine . I feel no pain right now . After two months at sea it healed . ' He said he survived through ` lots of prayer ' , reading the End Time Prophecies and catching seaweed , crabs and fish by trailing dirty laundry off the hull . He said : ` One day I caught a jellyfish and I know you can eat some types of jellyfish . I put it to my lips and it stung so badly ... I spat it out . I had to put charcoal in my mouth for 45 minutes to suck out the toxin . ' He added : ` I do n't mind being criticised . To paraphrase the Bible -- fools hate to be criticised but wise men love to be criticised . ' A U.S. Coast Guard crew rescued Jordan by helicopter and said that he was smiling when they arrived . Jordan says that his morale was boosted during the trip by reading the Bible cover to cover . He claims lost 50 pounds and survived on raw fish and rain water .