John Carver is threatening changes when Newcastle face Liverpool on Monday night as he admits concerns remain over the character of his players . It is no secret United are planning a major overhaul of their squad this summer and ` personality ' will rank high when it comes to identifying transfer targets . The trip to Anfield is Newcastle 's first outing since losing a fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby and they have now won just twice in 2015 . John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday . Newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against Liverpool on Monday in the Premier League . Moussa Sissoko -LRB- left -RRB- , Vurnon Anita -LRB- centre -RRB- and Massadio Haidara -LRB- right -RRB- take a break during the session . And Carver said : ` Maybe I need to change the team and hope that sparks something . ` We are going to need characters and I want to see some energy . I did n't see energy last weekend . We talked about out-working the opposition but they out-worked us again . ` So there 's something not right within their DNA when it comes to a derby game . ` There 's something not right within their make-up . No matter how hard you try and no matter what you try and do , it 's an issue . ' Carver has now seen his Newcastle team lose four in a row and fall into relegation danger . Newcastle were beaten in last weekend 's Tyne/Wear derby by Jermain Defoe 's stunning volley . That being the case , Carver says close-season recruitment will focus on mental attributes as much as physical . ` You 've got to try and do as much homework as you can to find out about their personality , ' he said . ` But with the amount of foreign players coming in now it 's a tougher situation . ` I 've done this in the past when I 've gone to watch a player and sat with their fans . You can actually start having a conversation about them and try to find out a little bit about their character . What 's he like ? Does he get many red cards ? Is he aggressive ? Has he got a bit of a problem socially ? All those little things help to build a bigger picture . ` But for now it is about finishing our season with pride and the players proving a point to themselves , because some of them are playing for their future . '