Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was ` crazy ' following Wigan 's battling 2-2 draw against Fulham . The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting after twice coming from behind to snatch a point at Craven Cottage . Caldwell , at 32 the youngest boss in the league , only replaced the axed Malky Mackay on Wednesday and must have feared the worst when his side conceded after just three minutes to Ross McCormack 's strike . Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was ` crazy ' following Wigan 's battling 2-2 draw . Wigan 's Jason Pearce -LRB- right -RRB- is congratulated by Pennant -LRB- left -RRB- as he scores the second equaliser for his side . A stylish Jermaine Pennant free-kick hauled Wigan level , only for a stunning long-range effort from Matt Smith put Fulham back in front . But Jason Pearce 's 69th-minute effort , when he tucked in a corner at the far post , earned the Latics a point . ` I have just said to the players that I feel very proud of them considering we only had two days to work , ' said former Latics skipper Caldwell . ` It 's crazy , absolutely crazy . An all-consuming job . But I loved every minute of it and ca n't wait for the next one . I 've had a lot of managers texting me saying ` welcome to the madhouse ' and I can see what they mean . ' A point lifted Wigan above Millwall , who they face on Tuesday , on goal difference but both teams are seven points adrift of safety . Matt Smith scores Fulham 's second goal to restore their lead against Wigan at Carven Cottage on Friday . Smith slides to his knees as he celebrates putting the home side back in front in the Championship match . Caldwell has not been put in charge to perform a miracle , but he still insists there is plenty to play for . ` We 'll try to win every game , ' he added . ` There 's 12 points to play for and we 'll try to win every one and see what happens . ` It 's going to be a long process to get the club to where we want it to be . But tonight was the way we want to play , that 's how this club got success . ' Fulham should now be safe , having edged nine points clear of the drop zone , but they were booed off by sections of the home support . Boss Kit Symons ' honeymoon period seems to be over , as his decision to take off goalscorer Smith after an hour was met with a chorus of ` you do n't know what you 're doing ' . Fulham captain Scott Parker -LRB- right -RRB- is hassled for the ball by Wigan 's Gaetan Bong -LRB- left -RRB- at Craven Cottage . The ever industrious Parker -LRB- left -RRB- dribbles away from the challenge of Wigan 's Kim Bo-Kyung -LRB- right -RRB- . ` Matt was shattered , ' he explained . ` He 's had a lot of football recently and we needed some fresh legs . ' Symons has the air of a manager who can not wait for the season to come to an end . ` It 's glass half full , glass half empty , ' he added . ` We 're a point closer to safety and come the end of the season it might be the point that keeps us in the division . ` It 's been a tough season , to put it mildly , and realistically it was probably always going to be like that . When we stay up I certainly wo n't be doing cartwheels , but I 'll breathe a sigh of relief . '