Notorious mass murderer Peter Sutcliffe , who has spent three decades in jail , is to be moved to a cushy low security unit , it has been claimed . The families of victims of Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe are furious at plans to move him from Broadmoor to a low-security Priory unit . Mass murderer Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor for the savage killings of 13 women . But now , despite being one of the country 's most notorious serial killers , Sutcliffe may be moved to a cushy Priory unit set in Berkshire woodland . Sutcliffe is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears the ` voices from God ' which he had blamed for his killing spree at his 1981 trial . A report is being compiled which will be heard next month at a prison tribunal which will rule if the move goes ahead . But families of his victims are furious about the move . Neil Jackson , whose mother Emily , 46 , became the Ripper 's second victim in 1976 , told the Sun : ` He should not be moved at all . ` As he 's in Broadmoor , he should stay there and they should throw away the key . This just rubs salt into the wounds of families and I believe any remorse he has shown is fake . ' A source at the prison told the newspaper Sutcliffe was optimistic about the move - despite being previously turned down for a transfer to the unit which boasts facilities such as a fully-fitted gym and music room . Plans of his referral follow allegations earlier this year that Sutcliffe , who used weapons including a hammer , screwdriver and knives to mutilate women across the north of England , was enjoying an easy lifestyle in jail . Scroll down for video . Potential plans to move Britain 's most notorious mass murderer from the high security Broadmoor prison hospital to the Priory . Hospital : Broadmoor 's corridors look ordinary , but it houses some of Britain 's most disturbed individuals . He was said to be eating chocolate , watching television and listening to music , as well as being privileged to receive visitors four days a week who can stay for up to four hours . It was claimed he is also given money to spend in the psychiatric hospital 's shop , and attends a ceramics workshop and twice-weekly Bible studies sessions . It has been claimed that Sutcliffe is now a Jehovah 's Witness and was even given a baptism . In the evenings , he watches TV shows such as The X Factor and I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! , the Sun on Sunday reported . A new image of a relaxed-looking Sutcliffe -- the first for 20 years -- supports the cushy lifestyle claim . There has been little change to his distinctive appearance apart from an increase in weight and the greying of his hair and beard . He had ballooned with some reports estimating his weight at 19 or 20 stone , which is said to be down to a love of chocolate and burgers , and now sufferers from type 2 diabetes . Sutcliffe is currently said to enjoy a cushy lifestyle in Broadmoor eating chocolate , watching television and listening to music , it was claimed . The Priory Thornford Park set in Berkshire woodland . While officials refused to comment on the move , it is thought that Sutcliffe would be transferred to a unit such as the Priory Thornford Park . Based just 30 miles from Broadmoor , it is set in Berkshire woodland and offers a fully equipped gym and running track , a music room and occupational therapy suite . A ` rehab kitchen ' and computer and education rooms are also amongst the high-end facilities at the unit . The red-brick building houses 122 men with mental illness , compared to Broadmoor 's 210 , with a combination of low and medium secure beds . Past residents include dangerous criminal John Maguir , convicted for assault , who escaped by scaling a wall and child sex abuser Peter Pickering . Its website states its users are ` among the most vulnerable members of society and require sensitive therapeutic interventions delivered in a healing environment that encourages self-awareness , knowledge and empowerment . ' The full list of facilities include : . The former trucker , who notoriously targeted prostitutes during his five-year killing spree , has seen his health deteriorate in recent years . He had a hernia operation in 2013 and was reported to have suffered a heart attack . The murderer , who is already blind in one eye after a prison attack , was also told he could lose what remains of his sight within a year due to an eye condition . He had refused laser eye surgery as he fears it could cause him to lose his vision immediately . The claims about his lifestyle have angered victims ' families . Roofer Neil Jackson , 56 , whose mother Emily was Sutcliffe 's second victim , said : ` He tore apart our family and this just looks like he 's being rewarded . He 's getting an easy life and he 's clearly enjoying every minute . I hope the lifestyle kills him . ` It does n't matter how many years go by , it does n't make the pain of what he did any easier . ' Peter Sutcliffe , the Yorkshire Ripper , after an attack by another prisoner in 1982 with a broken coffee jar . Sutcliffe has been in Broadmoor since he was given 20 life sentences in 1981 . As well as the 13 women he killed , he tried to murder seven more in a five-year spree . The killer , who believed he was on a ` mission from God ' to kill sex workers , was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia in 1984 . He refused treatment until 1993 , when the Mental Health Commission ruled that he should be given anti-psychotic medication forcibly . He has been attacked at least three times behind bars . The second assault put his right eye out and another inmate then unsuccessfully attempted to do the same for his left . It costs taxpayers more than £ 300,000 a year to detain him in Broadmoor , at least five times the cost of a prison cell . Last year his plea to be moved to a unit in his home county of West Yorkshire was rejected . In 2010 , an appeal over his sentence that could have led to him applying for parole was rejected , with a High Court judge saying he should never be released . The Priory and the Prison Service declined to comment on the move while a spokeswoman for the Department of Health , which is responsible for the medical unit , said they would not comment on individual cases .