If anyone can be relied upon to crack a smile in the sometimes overly straight-faced world of professional football , it is lofty Stoke striker Peter Crouch . That is , until somebody tries to imitate his now trademark goal celebrations . Speaking on Sky 's Soccer AM , the 34-year-old front man gave an in-depth analysis on where it all went ` horribly wrong ' for Potters team-mate Charlie Adam following his wonder strike against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge last Saturday . Charlie Adam -LRB- second right -RRB- celebrates his stunning goal against Chelsea with his Stoke team-mates . Peter Crouch was at hand to give his verdict on Adam 's dancing skills on Sky 's Soccer AM chat show . Crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for England against Jamaica in 2006 . And Crouch was a more than qualified judge for the verdict , as it was his famed robot celebration from England 's 6-0 against Jamaica ahead of the 2006 World Cup that got the revival treatment from his Potters pal . After appearing on the long-running football chat show the previous weekend , Adam was asked by hosts Helen Chamberlain and Max Rushden to ` do the robot ' if he netted against Jose Mourinho 's Premier League high-flyers . After smashing home Stoke 's equaliser from 65-yards over the head of Blues goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois , the former Liverpool midfielder ran to the touchline to greet Crouch , who started on the bench during the 2-1 loss for Mark Hughes ' men . The former England striker even went as far as to highlight where Adam was going wrong . The former Liverpool and Tottenham striker was less than impressed with Adam 's efforts to imitate him . ` Obviously we 're all in agreement it 's a fantastic strike from Charlie Adam , ' Crouch admitted . Less impressed with his post-strike antics , Crouch 's critique on his Britannia Stadium colleague pulled no punches . ` He goes into the celebration far too quickly . No warm up . ' ` As you can see he 's not got his arm in the 90 degree angle that a robot should start . ` The arms , the shoulders are all coming over in the wrong direction and he just needs to needs to be a bit looser . ' ` It 's a real shame , because obviously he 's got genuine intent and love for the robot , but he 's just got a lot of it wrong . ' We 'll look forward to seeing Crouch show us all how it 's done when he 's next on the score sheet . Adam -LRB- centre -RRB- re-enacted Crouch 's celebration after letting fly from inside his own half against Chelsea . Thibaut Courtois was not out of position , but he could n't do anything about Adam 's sublime strike . Adam 's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside his own half .