Samantha Crossland escaped a custodial sentence after the £ 22,000 she admitted stealing from her employer and friend had been repaid in full . The daughter of a millionaire lottery winning couple who stole over £ 22,000 from a children 's nursery has escaped jail - after the cash was paid back . Samantha Crossland , 30 , was pocketing parents ' fees being paid to the Child 's Play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position . She had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back and Crossland - whose parents made over a million on the lotto - handed back the cash . Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £ 22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an `` S. Crossland '' . It was not clear whether this was Samantha - or her mother Susan Crossland . Crossland had even been promoted to manager at the nursery by its owner who knew her and trusted her . Much of the money was taken from a cash box on the wall that parents left their fees in . Leeds Crown Court court heard that only Crossland and Mrs Quigley had keys to this . It was only when Mrs Quigley returned to the nursery in Dewsbury , West Yorkshire in early 2014 , that she became aware of discrepancies in the accounts . In total these came to £ 22,642 . Crossland was arrested and gave four no comment interviews . She later pleaded guilty to one count of theft . The court heard today that Mrs Quigley had received £ 22,643 via bank transfer on April 22 . Crossland , of Mirfield , West Yorkshire was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work . Recorder Ray Singh said : ` You were in a position of significant trust by Miss Quigley . You were left alone to deal with the money , it is therefore a breach of trust . ` Staff parents and the like were no doubt finding it very difficult to understand what was happening . '' Mrs Quigley , who has had the nursery for 14-years , said after the hearing : ` I feel really relieved that I 'm finally going to get closure now that the court case has finished and the money taken has been repaid in full . ` I 'm happy that justice has been served after what has been a very difficult year . ` But I still have no idea why she did this to me - why a good friend would betray me like this . ' Crossland 's parents Michael and Susan won more than £ 1.2 million on the lottery back in July 2008 . The money was stolen by Crossland , pictured , from the Child 's Play nursery in west Yorkshire . Crossland refused to comment on her sentence while leaving court . Crossland 's parents , Susan and Michael , hit the headlines after winning £ 1.2 million on the lottery in 2008 . At the time of their win , mum-of-four Susan said she believed her £ 1,218,618 windfall was down to her late father Barrie - as she played his numbers each week in the two years since he had died . Speaking in July 2008 , she said : She said : ` My win must be fate which is why I saw the feathers and won on his number line . ` During the week before the draw , I was seeing white feathers everywhere and I never know where they come from . ` Just two-days before the win , we were tickling my dog Ruby at home and a white feather just floated down from nowhere and landed on her tummy . I knew it was dad trying to say something . ` I feel he is looking out for me and he would have been so pleased for us . It 's a real shame he is n't here to share the winnings with us after he helped us to get it . '