England 's premier bowler Jimmy Anderson suffered a frustrating day in his bid to become his country 's all-time leading wicket taker in his 100th Test appearance in Antigua . But pace attack colleague Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is ` just around the corner ' as West Indies fell to 155 for four in response to England 's first-innings total of 399 . Anderson , watched by his parents , wife , two daughters and agent and needing four wickets to overtake the great Sir Ian Botham 's haul of 383 , claimed only one early victim in West Indies opener Devon Smith in his 13 overs , which went for 24 runs and eight maidens . Jimmy Anderson moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham 's record of 383 Test wickets . Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test in Antigua . But even the England back-room staff were surprised that Anderson bowled just four overs in the last session of play with team-mates Jordan , Stuart Broad and James Tredwell sharing the other wickets to fall . It could have been better but a Ben Stokes wicket was ruled a no ball . Jordan took a stunning slip catch off Tredwell to dismiss West Indies vice-captain Kraigg Brathwaite , who claimed after play that he thought Anderson ' looked tired ' . But Jordan said : ` Jimmy got us off and running with the first wicket and the rest of us tried to back that up , which I thought we did pretty well . If he keeps doing that and bowling the way he does those wickets are just around the corner . Chris Jordan jumps for joy after taking the wicket of Darren Bravo on the second afternoon . Jordan appeals for an lbw against West Indian batsman Kraigg Brathwaite , but it was unsuccessful . ` The stat is obviously there but I do n't think Jimmy or any of us are going about our cricket or thinking about things differently . ` We 're just trying to group balls as a bowling unit and create pressure . ` As a group we try and win every session , so we 'll come back as hard as we can to break this partnership then make inroads into the tail . ' Ironically , No 11 Anderson and Jordan were the pick of the lower-order England batsman in a last-wicket partnership of 38 as the West Indies bowling attack , inspired by a talk from bowling coach Sir Curtly Ambrose , captured the last five wickets for 58 . West Indies opener Brathwaite did a good job of seeing off Anderson in a challenging first spell and though he eventually fell for 39 , he enjoyed the test . Jordan later took a stunning catch at first slip off Tredwell 's bowling to dismiss Brathwaite . ` Obviously when Anderson started with the new ball it was moving a lot , so facing him then was a little more challenging . ` But obviously he bowled a couple of overs before lunch as well so I do n't know if maybe he was a little bit tired . ` It was a good challenge facing him when the ball is swinging both ways . The key is to keep as still as possible . ' Brathwaite 's knock would probably have lasted longer had anyone other than the athletic Jordan been stationed at slip , where he claimed a superb one-handed catch inches off the ground . Jordan is , of course , Barbados born - a fact not lost on Brathwaite . ` It was CJ who caught me , a fella from here , so it was quite unlucky . ' About his catch , Jordan said : ' It was a reaction one but it rivals my best at this level . '