A 41-year-old father has been arrested in Phoenix over the death of his two-year-old son , who police say was left locked in a car in temperatures of up to 93 degrees for over two hours . James Koryor was taken into custody Tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse . Police that he took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1 pm , but instead went to a liquor store , where he bought a bottle of gin . The then drove around drinking with the boys in the car , before going home and falling asleep , WFSB reported . In custody : James Koryor , 41 , has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son , who was left locked in the family 's car outside their Phoenix home on Monday for up to 2.5 hours , police say . Scene : The boy is believed to have been left in this dark silver Nissen after his father drank a bottle of gin and went inside to sleep . The boy 's mother then found him in the car some time later . Police are still investigating what happened next , but believe the five-year-old son got out of the car , but the two-year-old was left in there . The boy 's family members were under the impression was sleeping inside the house . It was n't until some time later , police suspect up to two and a half hours , that the boy 's mother found him in the car . She had been studying inside and went to leave the house , which is on Raymond Street , near 75th Avenue and Broadway Road . It was then she made the shocking discovering of her son on the back seat of the family 's Nissan Sentra . There were family members at the house at the time , who called 911 , and police say they were giving the boy CPR when emergency responders arrived at the scene . However the child was pronounced dead at Phoenix Children 's Hospital . Investigation : Koryor is said to have admitted to drinking in the afternoon and going to sleep inside the home , located on Raymond Street , near 75th Avenue and Broadway Road . Phoenix police Sgt. Trent Crump said there was evidence of a struggle inside the car , indicating the boy had tried to get out . ` It 's a sad reminder of what we 're trying to say all the time about leaving children unattended in the car , ' Crump told WFSB . While the outside temperatures reached about 93 degrees on Monday , Crump said temperatures around 70 were hot enough to kill a child left in a car . Koryor has reportedly confessed to drinking alcohol .