Out of prison and free to stroll around Ireland 's capital , this is the notorious ` Black Widow ' killer who murdered her husband . Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband Tom shot dead . The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin 's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in the city 's Inchicore suburb . Black Widow Catherine Nevin leaving Mountjoy Prison as she walks to get a bus . An unsuspecting commuter sat next to her as she made her way through the city centre and to her course in the suburbs . Catherine and Tom Nevin on their wedding day . The 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead . She walked through the city centre to Dorset Street where she waited for a bus before attending the addiction studies course . Ireland 's most infamous woman prisoner went largely unnoticed as she took the bus unaccompanied after leaving prison - with an unsuspecting female commuter sitting down next to her - according the Daily Mirror . Catherine Nevin leaving the Central Criminal Court in Dublin during her trial in 2000 . Dressed in jeans , a blue fleece top and a pair of black Ugg boots , Nevin took in sights she has n't seen since being jailed 15 years ago . She laughed and joked with a pal for more than an hour at the nearby Applegreen Garage before her course started . She failed last July to have her conviction overturned , though this outing will fuel speculation a full release from jail is imminent . Her temporary release is understood to have been approved by the parole board and sanctioned by the Justice Minister . The course is part of her pre-release plan to help her integrate back into society once freed . Nevin 's current study leave is her latest educational placement after she studied the same topic at the Mounttown Community Facility in Dun Laoghaire last October . While attending that course , run by the Dun Laoghaire Rathdown Drugs Task Force , she was always accompanied by prison warders . Completion of the course gives participants a FETAC Level 5 Addiction Studies Certificate . It 's believed that as well as attending the course in Inchicore , Nevin has also been using facilities at Maynooth University in Co Kildare and Trinity College over the past few weeks . While in prison Nevin has been keeping herself busy . She has a job in the jail library and likes to do makeovers on other inmates . It was revealed in July 2013 how Scissor Sister Charlotte Mulhall , who is serving life for murder , regarded her as a close friend in jail . Despite her high-profile conviction she has never taken responsibility for her role in the murder of Tom and is also still fighting for a share in his substantial estate . Tom Nevin was shot dead in the couple 's pub , Jack White 's Inn , in Brittas Bay , Co Wicklow , in March 1996 . His wife was also convicted of soliciting three men -- Gerry Heapes , William McClean and John Jones -- to kill him . Despite her high-profile conviction she has never taken responsibility for her role in the murder of Tom and is also still fighting for a share in his substantial estate . Her trial was shrouded in controversy and has gone down in history as the longest ever murder trial in the history of Ireland . The trial and media coverage of the case was dominated by an intense focus on Nevin herself , forcing the judge to order a ban on all reporting of her clothing and appearance . No physical evidence linking her to horrific crime was ever discovered . Her conviction was based largely on the evidence of the three men she is alleged to have solicited . Nevin married Galway-born Tom in 1976 . Over the following years they built up a property portfolio , before in 1986 buying the landmark pub where Tom was murdered . His death was initially investigated his death as a pub raid which had gone tragically wrong . The Jack Whites Inn , Ballinapark , Co Wicklow , which Catherine Nevin ran with her husband Thomas and where he was shot dead in March 1996 .