Mila Kunis is to counter-sue the woman who is suing her for stealing her chicken . The actress and her fiance Ashton Kutcher responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video , claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against the accuser Kristina Karo , because of injuries suffered while being forced to watch her music video . On Wednesday the story broke that the 31-year-old was being sued for $ 5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend , who said she suffered emotional trauma when a seven-year-old Kunis stole her pet foul . Fight fire with fire : Mila Kunis has responded to Kristina Karo 's accusations she stole her chicken as a child , with a video claiming she will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching Karo 's music video . But within hours Kutcher had posted a video - obtained by TMZ - pointing out some of the holes in Karo 's story . ` Let 's just get this clear : you stole a chicken from a one-month-old child who spoke to you in an entire conversation , ' the 37-year-old declares in the self-shot vid . ` It 's just shocking to me . Not only did she have a conversation at one-month old in Ukraine , she was speaking English ! This is the smartest girl I 've ever heard of ! ' Kunis herself appears on the clip pointing out that it must be ` just coincidental ' he accuser has a new music video out , and is trying to launch a singing career here in LA . Foul play : The reason for Karo 's lawsuit 25 years after the ` theft ' is that moving to LA , which is where Kunis also lives , has brought back memories of losing ` Doggie ' for Karo and forced her back into therapy . ` I was devastated . I was weeping . I was dumbfounded . I was like `` which chicken did I steal ? '' because I was obviosly in the village when I stole these chickens . So I apologise to this woman who was maybe or maybe not a month old , ' she said . The Jupiter Ascending star admits that she has yet to be physically served the documents , and then reveals she is preparing her own counter-suit . ` But emotionally I feel served . I would like to launch a counter $ 5,000 lawsuit for making me sit there and watch you music video , shamelessly . My body hurts . My eyes hurt , they 're burning . That requires money . ' ` No Green Card for you , ' Kutcher admonishes into the camera , in response to her song title plea Give Me Green Card , which currently has almost 170k views on YouTube . The couple then turn semi-serious to address the charges . ` I feel like I will be a chicken fighter for a very long time . I will be an advocate . I would never steal someone else 's chicken . I would n't , I would n't , ' Kunis insists . ` Listen folks , I believe this woman , I know her pretty well , I believe that shes an ethical person that would n't steal a chicken , ' Kutcher adds . ` So you have it right from the horse 's ... the chicken 's mouth . ' Not a bad egg : Mila Kunis , seen here with partner Ashton Kutcher in Los Angeles , had being accused of chicken theft despite growing up more than 100miles from Karo . Kutcher pointed out in their response video that their accuser was also one-month old at the time and apparently fluent in English and Ukranian . Pollo loco : In her suit , Karo alleges that when ` Doggie ' disappeared , Kunis confessed to the crime and told her ` Kristina , you can have any other chicken as a pet , you have a whole chicken farm ' -LRB- stock image -RRB- . Karo had alleged that she was a classmate of Kunis , who moved to the U.S. from Ukraine in 1991 , and that the pair were ` inseparable ' growing up . The wannabe singer , now living in Los Angeles , claimed a seven-year-old Kunis had been ` envious ' of her pet hen , and that 25 years ago , she stole it from her . In her lawsuit , Karo states that Ms Kunis would come over to the chicken farm in north-west Ukraine where she lived , and play with the hen , called ` Doggie ' , TMZ reported . She alleges that when ` Doggie ' disappeared , Ms Kunis confessed to the crime and told her ` Kristina , you can have any other chicken as a pet , you have a whole chicken farm ' , the website states . Karo , who has moved to Los Angeles in the hopes of launching a career as a singer , says the theft of her pet chicken traumatised her and forced her to see a therapist . She claims that being in close proximity to Ms Kunis , who lives in Hollywood with partner Ashton Kutcher and daughter Wyatt , has ` brought back all the bad memories ' and she now needs therapy again . She also claims the theft of ` Doggie ' 25 years ago has ` prevented her from pursuing the American dream ' , according to TMZ . Interestingly enough , Karo 's self-penned online bio describes her as being ` born and raised in the small village Berezhnytsia ' , which is a three hour drive - and more than 100miles away - from Chernivtsi , where Mila Kunis lived before moving to the U.S. aged seven . Wannabe : Kunis deduces it must be ` just coincidence ' Karo is trying to launch a music career just as she threatens with the lawsuit .