Exactly two weeks after Harvey Weinsten was accused of groping an Italian model during a business meeting , things seem to be back to normal for the Oscar winner and his designer wife . Weinsten was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside the couple 's New York City townhouse on Thursday while wife Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her much beloved fashion brand Marchesa . Chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room on Thursday - the couple 's son Dashiell . Scroll down for videos . Harvey Weinstein -LRB- above -RRB- was spotted looking chipper and pleasant outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday . Georgina Chapman -LRB- above -RRB- has been busy working on her upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal fashion show for her brand Marchesa . She was joined by the couple 's son Dashiell in her design studio on Wednesday -LRB- above -RRB- . Weinstein looked much improved from photos taken last week in which the movie executive seemed depressed and downtrodden as he headed to the office , appearing to almost smile at photographers as he got into his car on Thursday afternoon . The couple may still be dealing with some problems however , with one of Chapman 's society pals revealing just how angry she is with her husband to the New York Daily News . ` She 's furious ! ' said the socialite . ` She thinks it 's embarrassing not only to her , but to their kids . ' That being said , she is reportedly eager to put the entire thing behind them , if only for their two children , which also includes daughter India . ` She does n't want this to interrupt her business or embarrass the kids any more than it already has , ' added the unnamed socialite . Ambra Battilana , who claims Weinstein stuck his hand under her skirt , met with prosecutors on Tuesday as a criminal probe into the incident continues . The model , 22 , also claims Weinstein asked if her boobs were real during their business meeting . Weinstein has reportedly made himself available for questioning whenever needed , and no charges have been formally filed against him at this time . Ambra Battilana -LRB- above -RRB- claims the movie executive groped her during a business meeting . No charges have been filed against Weinstein -LRB- above with Chapman at the 2015 Oscars -RRB- at this time and he has cooperated with authorities . The couple along with their two children all spent Easter together at their Connecticut home with georgina sharing a photo of Easter eggs -LRB- above -RRB- . The perfectly polished Chapman , 38 , and notoriously brash Weinstein , 63 , began dating in late 2004 and were married three years later at their Connecticut estate . The wedding , in which the British beauty wore one of her own designs , was packed with celebrities , including Cameron Diaz , Renee Zellweger , Naomi Watts , Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez and Vogue editrix Anna Wintour , to name just a few . They welcomed daughter India in 2010 and son Dashiell three years later . Weinstein , one of the most powerful executives in Hollywood , took home an Oscar in 1999 for the Miramax film Shakespeare in Love , but has had some troubles of recent with The Weinstein Company , which he and his brother started in 2005 after leaving Miramax . There are rumors that they are preparing to sell off their television division to British broadcaster ITV for as much as $ 950million , this according to The Hollywood Reporter . Chapman on the other hand has become one of the most in-demand designers in the industry , with Marchesa growing at a staggering rate since she and partner Keren Craig debuted their first collection in 2004 . Hollywood 's biggest stars go to the two ladies not only for major red carpet events , but also their own special occasions , with the brand being a frequent choice for celebrities on their wedding day . Sandra Bullock , Jennifer Lopez , Eva Longoria , Olivia Wilde , Kerry Washington , Miley Cyrus and Reese Witherspoon are just a few of the A-listers who have donned one of the brand 's gowns . Chapman has yet to comment about the groping incident . Max Dundas , a long term representative for Chapman , told MailOnline : ` I spoke to Georgina this week , they spent the entire weekend together as a family and their relationship is as strong as ever . '