The woman falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star Marcus Rojo has been snapped cutting lines of a suspicious-looking white powder . Sarah Watson , 34 , had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender at a Christmas party for the team . But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £ 100,000 from the footballer . Sarah Watson , who was falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star Marcus Rojo , has been snapped with a suspicious white powder . Ms Watson is seen using a driving licence to cut up lines of the unknown white powder on the glass table . The High Court has since overturned a gagging order against Ms Watson who claims Rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her . Last month a judge ruled the player had tried to buy her off to keep his cheating secret from his partner , and Rojo was ordered to pay her £ 25,000 legal costs . ` I just wish I 'd never got involved with the likes of them , ' she said after the court case . ` This has been a total nightmare . Now pictures have emerged which appear to reveal Ms Watson 's party girl lifestyle . In one , she is seen using a driving licence to cut up lines of an unknown white power in Las Vegas . In another , she is pictured with a kingsize roll-up while in one , a scantily clad Ms Watson is seen making a V-sign as she poses on the bonnet of a police car . A close friend told the Mirror that single Ms Watson was a regular at trendy spots San Carlo and Neighbourhood in Manchester . The High Court has since overturned a gagging order against Ms Watson who claims Rojo -LRB- left -RRB- and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her . It was a last-minute decision to go for a ` girls ' night out ' with six friends in December last year that landed Sarah in her gruelling legal fight . The 34-year-old had met Rojo at Manchester United 's private Christmas party in a Manchester bar . She said the footballer had approached her and complimented her looks and dress . Despite calling his approach ` cheesy ' , she had decided to give him her phone number . Later that evening Rojo invited her to his friend 's flat for a more private party , but she declined and they parted . He then sent a text at 2 am . ` My love , where are you ? ' he asked . ` It was a bit of an ego boost for me . There were a lot of young , pretty girls that night , but he wanted me . ' So she and a girlfriend booked a taxi to the address he sent her . When they arrived at the flat in the centre of the city , a friend of Rojo 's -- known in court as Mr X but who now can be named as Kristian Bereit -- made a shocking proposition . Rojo 's identity in the court case was originally held back as a ` Premier League footballer ' though the details have now been revealed . ` He asked me how much it would cost for me to have sex with Marcos . I told him that I was not a prostitute . ' But she did find the Argentine star 's dusky looks attractive and they ended up in a bedroom . ` I did it because I liked him , not for money or with any intention to sell the story on , ' she said . She had been shocked when he started bombarding her with astonishingly explicit messages and naked photos . But she rapidly found herself pitched against the might of the football club , the spoiled multi - millionaire player and lawyers who act for several Manchester United stars who went to extreme lengths to keep the story out of the papers . She was depicted in court -- and in the national press -- as a scheming blackmailer who demanded £ 100,000 to keep quiet about the affair . Rojo 's identity in the court case was originally held back as a ` Premier League footballer ' though the details have now been revealed . Rojo 's wife , Eugenia Lusardo -LRB- pictured with Rojo last month -RRB- is a lingerie model . And it was on this basis that the player 's lawyers obtained a High Court order preventing her from speaking out . ` People who look after Marcos claimed I had demanded £ 100,000 to keep quiet about our encounter , ' she said . . ` But it was a lie and they knew it . They tried to trap me . ' ` I did n't set out to do a kiss and tell , but the chance to make some money to pay for my personal training course was very tempting . I 'm a single woman and I had not done anything illegal or that I was ashamed of . ' -LSB- Rojo -RSB- and his people contrived to make me look like a greedy cow , when it was them who offered me £ 100,000 as hush money . ' Last month Mr Justice Warby made a ruling in the High Court that overturned the gagging order and ordered Rojo to pay Sarah 's estimated £ 25,000 legal costs . The defender has not spoken about the incident publicly , while his friend Bereit - who Sarah claims offered her the money - declined to comment .