Settling down to a glass of wine and a naughty snack is the ultimate after work treat for many of us . But which tipple is the best to bring out the flavour in fiery wasabi peas or salty sausage rolls ? Wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks that recommends pairing Pinot Grigio with nachos and Shiraz Rose with salt and vinegar crisps . A Riesling is the perfect companion to a sausage roll , Chardonnay goes great with wasabi peas or pittas and hummus , and Merlot is the best glass to compliment a box of chocolates . Tasters at Jacob 's Creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation 's most popular snacks and light bites . They even found that different wines match different pizza toppings - with Shiraz best for a margherita but a meaty Cabernet Sauvignon with a pepperoni . Meanwhile , Sauvignon Blanc was found to be the perfect pairing for salted popcorn and a Scotch Egg goes down a treat with a drop of Fiano . TV cook and author , Jo Pratt , who took part in the tasting session with Jacob 's Creek wine maker Rebekah Richardson , said : ` There are plenty of guidelines out there about the best wines to drink with main meals but there is n't really any inspiration for which wines to enjoy with smaller plates or snacks . ` So it 's brilliant to know you can now enjoy a delicious wine that perfectly complements the flavours of whatever you 're eating . ` Whether that 's a Sunday roast with all the family , or a well-deserved treat just for you , and wasabi peas and Chardonnay was a real eye opener . ' In order to decide on the perfect pairings , 11 types of wine were tried with each of the different foods , with Jo and Rebekah smelling and tasting the food and the drink before pairing them up from a total of 110 possible combinations . The next time you order a cheese and tomato pizza , opt for a spicy Shiraz as its spicy fruit flavours can stand up to the strong aromatic herbs , tangy tomato sauce and salty cheese . They found sausage rolls are paired perfectly with the Riesling due to the ` buttery pastry and rich pork balancing the lime and green apple flavours of the wine ' . For pizza , the toppings make a difference to the choice of wine , with a Margherita matched with Shiraz , thanks to its ` spicy fruit flavours standing up well ' to the herbs , tomato sauce and cheese topping . But if you opt for a pepperoni pizza , you should serve it with a Cabernet Sauvignon thanks to the ` meaty wine going great with the aniseed kick of the pepperoni ' . Chardonnay works with wasabi peas due to the ` creaminess of the wine taking the heat out of the horseradish ' with toasted pittas and hummus going nicely with the same wine because of the ` peach and melon notes complimenting the nutty flavours of the chickpeas ' . For Scotch eggs , a Fiano complimented the flavours well and for salt and vinegar crisps , a Shiraz Rose was found to be the best match . Experts at the Australian winery put together the new wine matching guide after a survey of 2,000 adults revealed 57 per cent are regularly replacing evening weekday meals with snacks , such as pizza , nachos and pittas and dips . And more than half said they would like to know more about the wines that go with the foods they regularly eat . Seventy-one per cent also admitted they felt there is too much snobbery associated with wine selection . Jacob 's Creeks ' Rebekah Richardson added : ` Whatever the dish you 're cooking , wherever you are in the world , it 's not hard to find a recommendation for the best wine to pair it with . ` We 're passionate about making quality wines that are great for sharing with good friends and family , and we wanted to celebrate those authentic moments when people are together enjoying a glass of wine with a snack as well . ` This guide helps people make the most of that time , with a glass of wine that tastes amazing with their favourite treat . ` Britons told us they wanted to know about the best wines to go with snacks like wasabi peas , popcorn and chocolate as well as old favourites like pizza . ` And , this new take on wine pairings is the perfect solution . ' Margherita Pizza . Wine match : Shiraz . Why it works : Spicy fruit flavours with plum and pepper can stand up to the strong aromatic herbs , tangy tomato sauce and salty cheese that makes a perfect Margherita pizza . Pepperoni Pizza . Wine match : Cabernet Sauvignon . Why it works : The cabernet sauvignon , rich in blackcurrent and plum , is a meaty wine great with the aniseed spice kick of the pepperoni . The hint of oak provides a dryness that helps balance out the richness of the cheese and oil from the sausage . Sausage Roll . Wine match : Riesling . Why it works : The butteriness in the pastry and the richness of the pork is great with the slight acid from lime and green apple in the Riseling . Nachos with guacamole , sour cream and salsa . Wine match : Pinot Grigio . Why it works : From the tangy kick from the salsa to the creaminess of sour cream there 's a lot going on in a plate of nachos so Pinot Grigio is a subtle wine which can get along with a mix of flavours . Toasted pitta and hummus . Wine match : Chardonnay . Why it works : Fruit flavours of peach and melon , coupled with a subtle touch of oak flavours complements the nutty nature of the chickpeas . Sea salt and balsamic vinegar crisps . Wine match : Shiraz Rose . Why it works : The fresh raspberry and cherry flavours and the hints of spice in the wine work well with the sharpness of the vinegar . Wasabi peas . Wine match : Chardonnay . Why it works : The creaminess of the wine takes the heat out of the horseradish in the peas . Chocolate . Wine match : Merlot . Why it works : The softness of the tannins and slight sweet fruit in the back matches really nicely with rich chocolate . Salted Popcorn . Wine match : Sauvignon Blanc . Why it works : The slightly herbaceous , grassy flavours of the sauv blanc match the salty flavours of the pork scratchings . Gourmet Scotch egg . Wine match : Fiano . Why it works : The fresh flavours of lemongrass and apricot balance well with the hearty and meaty texture of the Scotch egg .