Teenage girls do better in single sex schools as they can focus on their work rather than impressing boys , a leading headmistress says . Rhiannon Wilkinson , head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire reportedly said that a ` boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex , who are known to mature slower . She also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the ` highly sexualised world ' and allow them to ` remain girls for longer . ' ` My wide educational experience in both mixed and girls ' schools has shown me clearly that girls are best served educationally in their teenage years in a boy-free work environment , ' she said according to the Telegraph . Rhiannon Wilkinson , the head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire , pictured , claims a ` boy free ' environment allows teenage girls to focus on their work . She added : ` In co-ed environments lots of girls when adolescence kicks want to be liked by boys not just for their intelligence and want to be popular with boys . But she said in all girl environments pupils are ` free from that , ' according to the Telegraph . Two years ago Scientists at Newcastle University found that girls really do mature faster than boys . They discovered that as the brain matures it begins to ` prune ' information that is stored and focus on what is important . Tony Little , head at Eton College , has previously said that single sex schools allow children to retain their ` innocence ' For girls this can happen as early as 10 years old , but for boys it can take until between 15 and 20 for the same . Tony Little , the head of Eton College , has also spoken of the benefits of single sex schools . He said they allow children to retain their ` innocence ' and be ` themselves ' for longer . ` What does strike me is that in a single-sex environment , particularly at the age of 13 , 14 , 15 , there is an opportunity for both boys and girls to be themselves for longer . To be ` boyish ' for longer , to be young girls , ' he said , according to the BBC . Boys could also benefit from being taught separately . Statistics have shown that boys often lag behind girls at both GCSE and A-level and are much less likely to apply to university . Alun Jones , the first male president of the Girls ' Schools Association , has previously called for teenage boys to be taught in single sex classes in state schools . Mr Jones , who is also a schools inspector , said : ` If you have a very bright , very driven , very focused , very articulate lady , which a lot of girls are , that intimidates a boy in the classroom , especially boys of average ability . ` The result is that boys do n't put their hands up to answer questions or they indulge in immature behaviour to avoid being shown up . Boys are falling behind as girls are doing better . '