Three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in Arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver who was thrown from the vehicle . The driver , who has not been identified , was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on Wednesday , but miraculously suffered only minor injuries . The girl was in stable condition and largely kept her cool during the ordeal , said fire Capt. Paul Voakes of the Pine-Strawberry Fire District . The two passengers , aged 16 and 17 , who have also not been identified were removed from the four-door sedan an hour after the accident . Details were not immediately available on their condition , however officials indicated the injuries did not appear to be life-threatening . The driver of the car , a 16-year-old girl , was thrown from the car and trapped underneath for more than four hours after it veered off the road and dropped 100ft from a cliff landing on top of her -LRB- above scenes from the wreckage -RRB- . Depression visible : It took emergency services around five hours to pull the teen driver , who has not been identified , from the wreckage and she only suffered minor injuries -LRB- above the four-door sedan after it landed upside down -RRB- . The driver of the car is believed to have only suffered minor injuries because of a depression in the roof of the car that created a space between the roof and the ground that enveloped her after the car flipped over and landed . This apparently stopped the full weight of the car from bearing down on her . ` It appeared her body occupied part of this space thus avoiding the full weight of the car , ' Dwight D'Evelyn , spokesman for the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office , said in a statement . It took dozens of emergency responders from multiple agencies about five hours to extricate the girl in a remote high desert area west of Strawberry following the accident around 5.30 pm . The two other passengers managed to climb up to the road when an ambulance crew responded to a 911 call from a passer-by , said Voakes . Rescuers used ropes to go down the cliff or hiked in via a creek bed to reach the upside-down car . The girls were returning from the popular Fossil Creek outdoor area when the accident occurred near the border of Gila and Yavapai counties . The driver apparently lost control after turning a curve too fast , according to Voakes and the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office . The two passengers , aged 16 and 17 , who have also not been identified , managed to climb up to the road and were taken to hospital with what appears to be non-life threatening injuries . The driver was face-down and responders could see only one hand and a foot until using inflation bags and other gear to lift the car . ` When we first got there , she was pretty excited as I think anybody would be , ' said Voakes . ` We calmed her down . ' ` We all met our end goals in getting her out of there . ' The driver and one of the passengers was flown to Flagstaff Medical Center , and the other was taken by ground ambulance to the Verde Valley Medical Center in Cottonwood . There was no sign of alcohol or drug use and authorities are not sure if the teens were wearing seat belts . The incident remains under investigation .