Robert Kennedy Jr has apologized for describing the number of children injured by vaccines as ` a holocaust ' . The nephew of President John F Kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations - despite evidence to the contrary . On Monday , following a storm of criticism , he publicly retracted his statement . Back track : Robert Kennedy Jr has apologized for comparing vaccinated children to holocaust victims . Kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families . ` I want to apologize to all whom I offended by my use of the word holocaust to describe the autism epidemic , ' Kennedy said in a statement . ` I employed the term during an impromptu speech as I struggled to find an expression to convey the catastrophic tragedy of autism which has now destroyed the lives of over 20 million children and shattered their families . ' He said he will use other words to describe the autism crisis in the future as he promotes the documentary Trace Amounts . The film purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among American children - despite the majority of the scientific community dismissing any connection . Its release comes amid protests against a California bill that would limit vaccination waivers for schoolchildren . Incendiary comment : He made the comment last week while promoting a film that implies there is a link between thimerosal - a chemical used in vaccines - and autism , despite medical evidence to the contrary . It has generated such an acidic debate that some opponents have compared the proposal 's author online to Adolf Hitler . State Sen. Richard Pan , a Democratic pediatrician from Sacramento , said he was under added security in response to his bill . The proposal will be heard Wednesday in a Senate education committee . Thursday marks Holocaust Remembrance Day . ` The word holocaust should never be used as a flippant throwaway line to make a point in a debate , ' said Assemblyman Marc Levine , vice chair of the Legislative Jewish Caucus , during a Holocaust remembrance event on Monday in the California Assembly . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .