Baby Malakai has been alive for seven months and he 's never left the hospital . The newborn can not see , can not hear and struggles to breath . Doctors say he may not ever be able to walk . Having been diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as Pallister Killian Syndrome -LRB- PKS -RRB- , his mother had to give up her job in Perth in order to provide full-time care for her son . Without an income , Stacy Maitai has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $ 90 a week to support her baby and her seven-year-old daughter . And the 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen . Scroll down for video . Baby Malakai -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been alive for seven months and he 's never left the walls of the hospital . Mother Stacy Maitai had to give up her job in Perth in order to care for her son full-time . The newborn can not see , can not hear and struggles to breath . Doctors say he may not be able to walk . About 15 to 20 cases of PKS are known to be in Australia , according to the Pallister Killian Syndrome Foundation of Australia . PKS is a rare chromosomal disorder which affects about 200 people worldwide and 15 those cases are known to be in Australia , according to the Pallister Killian Syndrome Foundation of Australia . It is commonly undiagnosed during pregnancy and is discovered at birth or soon after due to characteristic appearance or other complications such as developmental delays , seizures and congenital heart defects . Ms Maitai has told of the heartbreaking moment she learnt about her son 's condition . ` I wanted to commit suicide because I thought it was all my fault , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` But then I found myself having to choose whether to escape all this and give up my son or be strong for my children by moving forward and staying with them every step of the way . ` It 's been a difficult journey so far but also a blessing because I have found hope in Malakai and I know he will make it through . ' The condition is often undiagnosed during pregnancy and is identified at birth or soon after due to characteristic appearance or other complication . Ms Maitai said she was heartbroken when she learnt about her son 's condition . A fundraising page was set up to help the struggling family on mycause , so far raising more than $ 18,000 . While Ms Maitai juggles her time between the hospital with Malakai -LRB- left -RRB- and at home her seven-year-old daughter Serenity -LRB- right -RRB- . The single mother says she is trying her best to keep food on the table but was given an eviction notice after being $ 4000 behind in her rent for her three-bedroom home , which costs $ 380 . While Ms Maitai juggles her time between the hospital with Malakai and at home with her seven-year-old daughter Serenity , the financial strain of being without a job and dependent on $ 90 from welfare is taking its toll . The single mother says she is trying her best to keep food on the table but was given an eviction notice after being $ 4000 behind in her rent for her three-bedroom home , which costs $ 380 each week . A fundraising page on mycause was set up to help the struggling family , which at the time of publication raised more than $ 18,000 . ` Our power was cut off and I thought we were going to be thrown onto the street , ' Ms Maitai said . ` Luckily we 've been able to use some of that fundraising money to take it straight to the real estate agent who was understanding enough to let us stay even though we had been behind in rent . ` You know , I came to Australia for a better life and I love it here . It 's changed my life . I worked since moving here about four years ago and paid all my taxes . ` I was shocked when Centrelink told me I could n't get any more assistance because I 'm a Kiwi . ` With what I currently get every fortnight , it 's hard to afford even just the basic things . ' Not having grown up with a proper mother and father figure back in New Zealand , Ms Maitai is determined to give her children the life she never hard . ` I want to be a better parent and I want to be there for my kids , ' she said . ` It 's just a waiting game with Malakai and the doctors even asked me if I wanted to look after him even with his condition and I said yes . I chose to be there for him and he will make it through - I just know it . ' Pallister Killian Syndrome , also known as PKS , is a rare chromosomal disorder . According to the PKS Foundation of Australia , about 200 to 300 cases of PKS have been reported worldwide . About 15 to 20 are known to be in Australia . ` Most of these cases have been diagnosed in the last five years with an increasing diagnosis rate , ' the foundation states . The condition is commonly undiagnosed during pregnancy and is more commonly discovered at birth or soon after due to characteristic appearance or other complications . Symptoms include : global developmental delay , mild to profound intellectual impairment , seizures , marked hypotonia -LRB- floppiness -RRB- , hearing and/or vision impairment , difficulty in feeding and oesophageal reflux , congenital heart defects , apnoea , prominent high forehead , coarse facial features as child gets older , broad nasal bridge , streaks or patches of lighter or darker skin , sparse hair or bald patches , high arched or cleft palate , shorter arms and legs , disproportionate to the body and extra nipples .