An investigator has blamed sexism , including pornography sold at base stores , for the attitudes that led to Army members joining British bikini models for a photo shoot . One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015 , where military vehicles became props for the group 's risque calendar and ` behind-the-scenes ' video . ` Too many Soldiers do n't see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that is n't in harmony with our values , ' the investigator wrote of the event at Camp Williams , outside of Salt Lake City . Scroll down for video . Risque : A investigator blamed a sexist culture and pornography for the mindset that led a Utah National Guard officer to allow British bikini models to use a military base and equipment . Cover up : The Army Times saw emails where members of the 19th Special Forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed ` uptight Mormons ' for outrage of their time with the models . ` I do n't believe this simply -LSB- was -RSB- a matter of a bunch of ` uptight Mormons ' being upset over a video , ' the official said , according to the Army Times . The unnamed investigator said he hoped the Utah National Guard recommended the removal of pornography and other media ` that promote sexist behavior and objectify women or men ' from military stores . The Army Times also uncovered attempts by the Special Forces unit involved in the shoot to remove names and reference to their unit from Hot Shot material . I did n't think it was that bad , not bad enough to hunt for blood , ' one email in the group read . ` What can I say . On a personal level ... awesome ! Professionally ... hmmm . , ' another said . Three soldiers were disciplined with reprimands last year and forced to pay back the $ 200 in military fuel that was used for the shoot , which included the British models riding in tanks and firing a range of weapons . The officer who lost his position and was forced into early retirement was a 19th Special Forces non-commissioned officer , typically a colonel or a sergeant . Though not authorized to do so , he approved soldier 's participation in the four-day shoot last May , where models used the space where special forces do drills to set up their makeup and hair stations . Equipment : Two police officers -LRB- left -RRB- were also disciplined after participating in a day of the calendar video . Military equipment include a tank , an armored truck and a helicopter were all used during the five day shoot . On the third day of the shoot a soldier brought the models a tank to pose with despite not having orders to do so , according to the Salt Lake Tribune . One soldier was blamed for letting an untrained model drive an ATV while he rode as a passenger . National Guard members also helped the scantily-clad women gain access to a Cobra helicopter and a mine-resistant armored truck . After the video surfaced in October , the soldiers face charges of discrediting the Guard , dereliction of duty , conduct unbecoming an officer , and the sale , waste or destruction of military property . The three soldiers who sought permission from their senior officers were given disciplines ranging from reprimands to counseling . The National Guardsmen did not drink and did not get any compensation for participating , the investigator found . In addition to the time spent at the Tickville Training Area Compound , the models also spent a day at a private shooting range . Two Utah police officers who helped out at the range were also suspended without pay . Repercussions : One non-commissioned National Guard officer lost his position and three others were reprimanded for their involvement . Models used drill space to set up hair and makeup stations . Apology : The Utah National guard said in a statement that it regretted its involvement in the shoot and would not tolerate the unauthorized use of federal and state funds . Soldiers were made to pay back $ 200 in fuel . The Utah Department of Public Safety imposed the discipline in December on Rob Wilkinson , a Utah Highway Patrol sergeant , and Justin Hansen , a State Bureau of Investigation agent . The department released its discipline records last week after receiving a request to obtain them . Wilkinson , who received a three-day suspension , and Hansen , who received a one-day suspension , were at the Big Shot Ranch near Grantsville in June . The two men were seen wearing camouflage uniforms identifying them as police in the video , posted on YouTube in October . Neither Wilkinson nor Hansen sought their superiors ' permission to participate , and superiors learned of the activity only when they saw video clips played by the news media in Utah , according to the records . An acquaintance asked the two to help supervise the firing line where the models shot at targets , according to an internal affairs report . The report also notes Hot Shots purports to donate a portion of its proceeds to charities for wounded soldiers in the US and UK .