Perth Glory supporters , who set off a series of flares , will face the prospect of a five year ban after the club slumped to a 3-0 defeat to Sydney FC . Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during which a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7.10 pm in Friday 's clash at nib Stadium in Perth . The 16-year-old boy , from Bicton , has been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares . He will appear before the Perth Children 's Court on May 6 . The 15-year-old , from Palmyra , has been charged with grievous bodily harm and will appear in Perth Children 's Court on May 8 . Scroll down for video . Perth Glory fans set off a flare during the round 25 A-League match between the Perth Glory and Sydney FC at nib Stadium on Friday night . As angry fans vented their frustration at the club 's hierarchy on Friday , a series of flares were set off within the club 's active supporter group section amid wild scenes . Things escalated after Sydney went 3-0 up in the second half , with the supporter base venturing onto the concourse to set off more flares . NIB Stadium operators VenuesWest has threatened a five year ban on the patrons who were involved with setting the flares off within the stadium , Perth Now reports . VenuesWest chief executive David Etherton said the organisation will work with police to investigate the incident and CCTV footage to collect all related evidence . ` Anyone who is caught setting off flares within nib Stadium will immediately receive a lengthy ban , ' he said . The crowd gather to watch a flare set off during the match as Sydney FC go on to win the match 3-0 . Perth Glory supporters , who set off a series of flares , will face the prospect of a five year ban . The incident follows as Glory were evicted from competing in the finals series and fined $ 269,000 after being found guilty of breaching the salary cap over a three-year period . Football Federation Australia claimed the club deliberately hid salary cap rorting for three seasons and failing to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players . Despite the club sitting equal top of the ladder with just two rounds remaining , Glory will now finish at seventh spot unless they launch a successful appeal against FFA 's findings . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .