The average pet spends a staggering 21 hours a week watching TV , according to a new study . Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals and even leave it on when they are out to keep them company . And the nation 's cats , dogs and pigs show a marked preference for programmes featuring other animals while shunning reality shows such as the Keeping Up With The Kardashians and TOWIE . Paul O'Grady 's show ` For the Love of Dogs ' is an absolute television favourite of pets . Almost two thirds of goldfish owners , 63 per cent , even confess to putting the tank in sight of the TV so their fish can watch it for more than three and a half hours a day . The survey of 1,000 pet owners even found the owner of a micro pig lets their pet watch four hours of shows per day - or 28 hours a week . The new study by Virgin Media reveals how much our household pets love sitting in front of the box and watching their favourite TV programmes . Over a third of us , 34 per cent , say their pets watch three hours a day while left home alone - the equivalent of 42 episodes of EastEnders in a week . A quarter , 24 per cent , say their pets love watching TV so much they spend an incredible nine hours glued to it every day . Two-thirds of goldfish owners owned up to putting the bowl in sight of the TV and even the owner of a micro pig lets their pet watch 28 hours of TV a week . A survey has revealed that on average , pets watch 21 hours of TV of week , whether its with their owners or by themselves . A square-eyed one per cent of dogs are glued to the TV for over 10 hours . Owners heading off to work or spending the day out feel guilty for leaving their pet alone , as 29 per cent admit they turn on the TV as they believe their animal may get lonely without them . Pets ' favourite show is TV presenter Paul O'Grady 's For The Love Of Dogs as 17 per cent of animal owners said their pet ca n't get enough of it . Documentary Natural World is a hit with pets as 14 per cent of owners say it 's their animals ' favourite show . Springwatch is pets ' third favourite show with 12 per cent of votes - and soap EastEnders is surprisingly fifth with 11 per cent . However , reality show Keeping up With The Kardashians is the least favourite show as only two per cent of pets like it - and just five per cent of animals like The Only Way is Essex . 1 . For the Love of Dogs -LRB- 17 % -RRB- . 2 . Natural World -LRB- 14 % -RRB- . 3 . Springwatch -LRB- 12 % -RRB- . 4 . The Dog Whisperer -LRB- 11 % -RRB- . 5 . Eastenders -LRB- 11 % -RRB- . 1 . Keeping up with the Kardashians -LRB- 2 % -RRB- . 2 . The Only Way is Essex -LRB- 5 % -RRB- . 3 . The Voice -LRB- 7 % -RRB- . 4 . Top Gear -LRB- 7 % -RRB- . 5 . X Factor -LRB- 10 % -RRB- .