You could be forgiven for thinking it was a perfectly sensible message about personal safety . But a police poster advising women to stick together on a night out provoked anger yesterday , as campaigners claimed it suggested victims were responsible for sex attacks . Sussex Police was accused of ` victim-blaming ' in its campaign , which urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers . Women 's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks , not their victims . Anti-rape campaigners have criticised the message in this Sussex Police poster arguing it implies that victims are to blame for getting raped . But the poster won praise from supporters who said it was ` blindingly obvious ' that it was not blaming women , and that it simply offered ` sensible advice ' . It features a picture of two smiling young women posing for a selfie , with the text : ` Which one of your mates is most vulnerable on a night out ? The one you leave behind . ' It goes on : ` Many sexual assaults could be prevented . Stick together and do n't let your friend leave with a stranger or go off on their own . ' But anti-rape campaigners said police should target potential attackers instead , and that the poster sent a message that women needed a constant chaperone . Sarah Green , acting director of the End Violence Against Women Coalition , said she found the advice ` infuriating ' . She added : ` We need to get beyond police campaigns giving instructions to women on how to behave to be safe . We need to talk to those who may perpetrate rape and deter them . ' Campaign : The posters are due to be put up in pub and club toilets as well as bus stops in Brighton -LRB- pictured -RRB- as well as other areas of Sussex . A pair of police officers watch on as University students gather on the street outside a bar in Brighton . Fabia Bates , of the Survivors ' Network , said : ` Sussex Police has made great strides to encourage people to report sexual violence and there is the possibility this could damage people 's confidence . ` We are here to support anyone who has been the victim and will not judge anyone -- it is never the victim 's fault . ' Chief Inspector Katy Woolford said the police had a responsibility to advise potential victims on how to minimise risks . But David Davies , a former special constable who is running for re-election as Tory MP for Monmouth , said he thought the poster offered ` common sense advice ' , adding : ` I do n't think it 's blaming victims ... it 's like telling people to lock car doors . I would say the same to young men , not to leave their mates behind in what could be a dangerous area because they could get robbed or sexually assaulted . ` It 's disappointing that some groups do n't realise police are trying to help prevent problems . ` No one 's suggesting the attacker does n't bear responsibility , the police are simply trying to make sure people are aware of danger and try to avoid it . It 's blindingly obvious . ' Clarence Mitchell , who is standing as the Tory candidate in Brighton Pavilion , agreed . ` I 'm quite sure that Sussex Police in no way intended to imply that women are somehow responsible for any attack , ' he said . ` This is an entirely sensible campaign . ' Sussex Police said the posters would be put up at bus stops and in pub and nightclub toilets . Chief Inspector Katy Woolford said : ` Rape is never a victim 's fault , but as with all crimes we can reduce the number of victims in several ways . ` It is vital to be aware of vulnerability so that steps can be taken to guard against it . ' In 2012 West Mercia Police were forced to apologise for posters for its Safe Night Out initiative suggesting rape victims were to blame if they were drunk . Manchester Police were praised by anti-rape groups for their 2014 Christmas anti-rape campaign which carried the strapline : ` Drinking is not a Crime . Rape is ' .