Could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier , lingering mysteriously behind this little girl ? A spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost . This photograph was captured in Kanagawa prefecture , Japan - ` nearby some samurai tombs ' , apparently - late last year . The Reddit user who posted it online - a friend of the photographer - insisted it was ` not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work . ` I 'm not saying it 's anything - just that it looks an awful lot like disembodied boots and legs ... ' ` Obiaruf ' told users . Scroll down for video . A trick of the light or paranormal forces at play ? There is chatter online about what the cause of this apparent black boot apparition is . Eerie : A pair of black boots are clearly seen behind the little girl - even though her photographer father apparently does not recall a person standing there . The Reddit user who posted the controversial image online suggested they could be samurai boots - although others are not so sure . He then suggested they appeared to be ` samurai boots to me ' . ` I know there are several very old samurai tombs nearby . ` Again , not saying that this is what is there , just that , based on preliminary research , this is my best guess ... ' Photographs from the same set show the little girl with nothing behind her and the snapper ` swears ' there was nothing behind her at the time . In this picture from the same set , no one appears to be standing behind this little girl . However , in this other picture , the black boots have returned . Another conspirator suggested they could be combat boots from the World War II era . ` My grandfather was in the pacific theater -LRB- Okinawa Japan -RRB- in WWII and I recognize what the man in the background is wearing . Its a US Navy Uniform from WWII . ' But not everyone was so convinced by the tricky picture . Some users suggested it was likely an optical illusion - a trick of the light - or the presence of a real-life human being . Or both . ` Looks like a living person in boots and dark pants and a light blue , possibly denim colored shirt , ' said Jack _ Shid . Sceptics have noted the presence of a blue piece of fabric lingering behind the little girl . ` Because of the perspective , the rest of the person is hidden behind the girl . Last month , a chilling image emerged on the ` Toowoomba Ghost Chasers ' Facebook past , with its owner claiming it showed the ghost on a young drowning victim . The photograph , which was taken in 2014 , was posted on Facebook by Australian Kim Davison , from Queensland . Social media users are claiming that the white shape at the back of the image , circled , shows a ghostly face . Photo was taken at Murphy 's Hole which is the same location 13-year-old Doreen O'Sullivan drowned in 1915 . Was it Doreen O'Sullivan ' ghost ? Ms Davison claims her daughter 's leg was grabbed by something in the water . The image appeared to show two women and four children swimming at Murphy 's Hole in the Lockyer River , south-east Queensland . But Ms Davison and Jessie Lu , the other adult in the photo , were adamant they were only accompanied by three children . It provoked fierce discussion online after it was revealed a little girl had died in the watering hole a century prior . A Brisbane Courier newspaper clipping from November 22 1913 included a death notice for a little girl who died in that watering hole . ` Doreen O Sullivan , aged 13 years , eldest daughter of Mr. James O'Sullivan was accidentally drowned whilst bathing in the Lockyer Creek on Friday afternoon , ' the notice read . ` Nearly an hour elapsed , before the body was recovered . The spot , which has always been considered dangerous , is known as Murphy 's Hole , and is over 20 foot deep . Ms Davison insisted : ` At the time of taking this photo there was nothing between us . ` I 'm holding the little girl and that white head next to me with horns is not human , I can promise you that . ` Its fingers are on my shoulder and on my daughter 's arm . They are long skeletal type fingers . ' An admin from the Toowoomba Ghost Chasers Facebook page posted a negative version of the image , saying : ` Light flare will always show up as black shadowing when the photo is inverted . . and in this case the light flare is coming from full sunlight reflecting off the water onto the child ' Tragic Doreen O'Sullivan was only 13 when she accidentally drowned in the swimming hole in 1915 . Disturbingly , Ms Davison claims that there had been strange occurrences that day as they swam in the water , which only firms her belief that a spirit was present . ` On this day my daughter had her leg grabbed two times by something in the water . ' ` When I went back in for one last dip to cool off I did feel something behind me as I was walking out of water but tried to ignore it . Ms Davison was convinced the shadowy visage in the photograph was Doreen O'Sullivan 's photograph . A sceptic responded to Ms Davison 's claims , pointing out another possibility . ` The eye sees what it wants to see . In my opinion , it 's nothing more than a splash of water , ' wrote Max Meara . ` Notice the child facing away from the camera - their left arm has just surfaced , causing a splash . ' Brad Glynn had another explanation : ` I think it is another kid just the sun is over exposed more on the face as they are facing the sun . ' The ` Toowoomba Ghost Chasers ' Facebook page administrators were not convinced by either explanation . ` We used to swim there all the time growing up and all I can say is just to be safe I 'm never swimming there again ! ' they wrote . Ms Davison posted the photo on the Toowoomba Ghost Chasers Facebook page . The administrators were shocked by the photo , writing ` We used to swim there all the time growing up and all I can say is just to be safe I 'm never swimming there again ! ' Ms Davison claims that two paranormal experts looked at the photograph and after extensive investigation came to the conclusion that the shape in the image is a child who drowned in the river in 1915 . Ms Davison was also of the opinion that the figure in the photo was a demon who tried to take her daughter . The spot , which has always been considered dangerous , is known as Murphy 's Hole , and is over 20 foot deep .