With his infinite supply of supercars , private jets and beautiful women , billionaire businessman Tony Toutouni is threatening to become the new King of Instagram . The 42-year-old entrepreneur - who chronicles his immensely extravagant lifestyle on the photo-sharing site and is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models - admits ` it 's not that hard to get any girl you want ' . His outrageous posts , which have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months , are threatening to steal him the King of Instagram crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy Dan Bilzerian . Scroll down for video . The new king of Instagram ? Tony Toutouni has amassed a huge following on the photo-sharing website thanks to his outrageous extravagance . Surrounded by women : The billionaire businessman appears to spend much of his excessive life in the company of stunning women . Toutouni , who goes by the name @lunatic - living on the site , said : ` What man in this world ca n't say this is n't the lifestyle they want to live ? It 's a lifestyle that every man wants to live and I enjoy living it . ` As a single guy , I dated many , many women . Being young in LA and having anything you want , it 's not that hard to get any girl you want . ' His Instagram account uses the line : ` They say it is better to be poor and happy than rich and miserable , so I compromised ! Moderately rich and just moody . ' The billionaire downplays the new rivalry with his friend Dan Bilzerian , who was dubbed King of Instagram last year and has a staggering eight million followers . He said : ` I do n't want to compete with Dan but people are saying that I 've grown dramatically and extremely fast I can tell you that . ` But Dan is actually a friend of mine and the whole Instagram thing started because he was posting on it . ` I saw that his Instagram following was growing pretty fast so I started doing it . The more I posted , the more people would tag and tag . ' Never far from his side : Toutouni , 42 , is often pictured showing off his extreme wealth by posing next to wads of cash . Wild debauchery : One photo uploaded by the billionaire shows scantily-clad women at a party with cash scattered across the floor . Rivalry : Toutouni is threatening to take the crown of King of Instagram from his friend , the super-wealthy user Dan Bilzerian -LRB- right -RRB- . Controversial figure : Dan Bilzerian , also dubbed the King of Instagram , got in trouble with the law after pornstar Janice Griffith , 19 , attempted to sue him for $ 85,000 when he threw her off his roof and into a pool , breaking her foot . Los Angeles-based Toutouni made his fortune after buying a nightclub in Hollywood , California , when he was just 19 years old . He explains : ` It became very successful and so I sold it and purchased another one . I also invested in car dealerships and different ventures - restaurants , bars . I 'd build businesses to be successful and then sell them for a profit . ' His shockingly excessive posts gets their fair share of criticism online . ` Sure I get hate on Instagram , ' he says . ` I have feminists who hate me with a passion and church people who want to cure me because I have ` issues ' Toutouni has recently started seeing a regular girlfriend but does not expect his Instagram antics to calm down . He says : ` I like to do all kinds of things . I 've paid for boob jobs and given away truckloads of gifts for kids . I like to do funny stuff for fans . ' Poolside pose : The billionaire strikes his usual rude pose on the balcony of his Los Angeles mansion as four scantily-clad women look on . Rude gesture : The tattooed arm of Toutouni is visible as the billionaire swears at a suitcase full of cash in this Instagram post . Collection of luxury cars : This photo captures the super-rich playboy 's poker room , filled with a number of supercars and classic vehicles . Travels in style : The American entrepreneur enjoys a lavish lifestyle and many of his photos feature private jets and helicopters . The previous so-called King of Instagram , poker player Dan Bilzerian , has never been far from controversy since his rise to online fame . He was recently forced into making a public safety announcement in order to avoid jail after being arrested for placing homemade explosives inside a tractor before shooting them . The film shows a stony-faced Bilzerian speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home , complete with gun-shaped candle holder , an action figurine of himself , and a bizarre painting , while lecturing people on ` responsible ' gun ownership . And at the end of last year he found himself on the end of a lawsuit after model Vanessa Castano claimed he kicked her in the face in a nightclub . Footage from the scene appears to show Bilzerian dancing on a stage in a club in South Beach , Miami , with the crowd below him , before he lashes out with his foot . He was also facing a lawsuit for $ 85,000 in lost earnings after he threw pornstar Janice Griffith , 19 , off the roof of his home and into the pool below . However she landed short , breaking her foot . She had tried to claim money for shoots she could not attend following the accident . Bilzerian fought back , claiming the model grabbed at his t-shirt at the last second , nearly dragging him off the roof with her . The charges were eventually dropped . Bilzerian is reportedly worth $ 100 million , making the bulk of his cash as a high-stakes gambler after developing his skills as a student at the University of South Florida . Four of Toutouni 's female friends pose provocatively on his huge sofa at his LA mansion while he makes his trademark swearing gesture . Enjoying the view : A scantily-clad female friend stands on a balcony looking over the skyline of what is thought to be Los Angeles . Boast : Toutouni says ` What man in this world ca n't say this is n't the lifestyle they want to live ? It 's a lifestyle that every man wants ' Do n't forget your helmet ! One Instagram photo sees a half-naked woman sat on top of a motorbike overlooking LA 's skyline . Famous wealthy friends : The billionaire is pictured with boxer Floyd Mayweather , who is also known for posing next to piles of cash . Poser : Flanked by a horde of female groupies , the super-rich businessman flips the bird in what has become his rude trademark gesture . Boast : Toutouni says ` What man in this world ca n't say this is n't the lifestyle they want to live ? It 's a lifestyle that every man wants ' Heated snap : In one of his outrageous posts , a scantily-clad woman poses on top of the kitchen stove at his LA mansion . Another provocative pose : A female friend donning lingerie and high heels stands in front of one of Toutouni 's many cars . Bottoms up : Toutouni poses in front of dozens of bottles of spirit and champagne in this photo uploaded to his account . Soaking up the rays : Toutouni says ` Being young in LA and having anything you want , it 's not that hard to get any girl you want ' Airfield : The 42-year-old poses at the door of a limo in front of dozens of private jets in another extravagant photo shared with his following . Settling down ? Despite the endless snaps of half-naked women seen on his Instagram account , he says he currently has a regular girlfriend . Vast business empire : Toutouni has invested in car dealerships and a number of other ventures including restaurants and bars . Road to riches : LA-based Toutouni made his fortune after buying a nightclub in Hollywood , California , when he was just 19 years old . Bizarre snap : One of the photos sees a woman bending over to pick up a hen in front of a butler presenting a bottle of liquor on a tray . Criticism : Toutouni admits ` I have feminists who hate me with a passion and church people who want to cure me because I have ` issues ' Tagline : He writes ` They say it 's better to be poor and happy than rich and miserable , so I compromised ! Moderately rich and just moody ' Rapper friend : Here Toutouni is seen brandishing his usual middle-finger gesture along with hip-hop artis Flavor Flav . Generous with money : The super-wealthy businessman said he has paid for boob jobs for women and given away ` truckloads of gifts for kids ' Filling up the cars : Toutouni and a friend , seen showing off their designer watches , stop at a gas station in their hugely expensive vehicles . Enviable aquarium : A scantily-clad woman is seen bending over to clean Toutouni 's lavish fish tank at his home in Los Angeles . Huge wealth : Based in Los Angeles , Toutouni posts endless photos and videos of beautiful girls , stacks of money and private jets .