A mother whose son suffered severe brain damage during birth is set to receive potentially the biggest medical negligence payout in history . The High Court ruled today that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay in excess of £ 14.6 million for birth injuries , after failing to carry out a Caesarean section on Suzanne Adams and properly monitor her during labour . The hospital 's negligence led to her son James Robshaw , now 12 , being born with cerebral palsy . The decision , believed to be one of the most significant in a case of medical negligence and the largest ever such court-ordered award for birth injury , reflects the lifetime care that James needs . Suzanne Adams ' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after she hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour . James can not speak , dress or feed himself -LRB- without assistance of a machine -RRB- and must use a wheelchair . His intellect has remained fairly well intact and he communicates through sophisticated eye-gaze equipment . He will however be dependent on others to enable him to carry out the most routine daily tasks for the rest of his life . While the exact sum has yet to be confirmed , MailOnline understands the minimum payout will be £ 14.6 m. To date , the biggest medical negligence payout has been around £ 15 million - and Ms Adam 's lawyers hope to exceed this amount . Ms Adams was in labour when she was admitted to Lincoln County hospital in 2002 . Although her baby 's heart was monitored after her arrival , midwives either ignored or could not interpret the CTG trace - which detects foetal heart rate - correctly . James had an abnormal heart rate and was evidently in some distress and Mrs Adams was exhausted by a prolonged labour . Today , the High Court ruled that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay Ms Adams in excess of £ 14.6 million for birth injuries - the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury . James , now 12 , can not speak , dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair . He will be dependent on others to enable him to carry out the most routine daily tasks for the rest of his life . The confusion about CTG interpretation and the additional failure to carry out a timely Caesarean section meant there was a delay in delivering James . Resuscitation procedures were then carried out in the delivery room before he was transferred to the Special Care Baby Unit . The sum ordered by the High Court includes money to pay for all James ' needs including : . * 24 hour care provided by a team of live-in carers . * Significant modifications to his home to allow James to use his powered wheelchair and access bathroom , kitchen etc. . * Hoisting and tracking equipment to lift James in and out of wheelchairs/bed . * Disability equipment . * Therapists including physiotherapist , speech & language therapist , occupational therapist , AAC therapist , orthotist , orthoptist , psychologist . * Adapted vehicle to enable James to travel in his wheelchair . * Sophisticated eye-gaze equipment to enable James to speak and communicate with people and carry out his school work . * Funding for James ' additional educational needs . Ms Adams ' lawyer , Denise Stephens , a partner with law firm Access Legal , argued that had the Caesarean section had been carried out - or hospital staff had monitored the baby 's heart rate properly - the midwife could have identified that James was in distress . In either event , he would have been delivered much sooner and so would not have suffered any injury . Ms Stephens said : ` This is a tragic case of an avoidable accident at birth which caused devastating injuries . ` James is a bright 12 year old lad with a wicked sense of humour and perhaps the most distressing aspect of this case is the loss of the life James could have had if he had not been injured . ' The United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust finally admitted liability for James 's injuries in 2009 - seven years after his birth . However it took a further six years to fight for damages for James . Speaking today , Ms Adams said : ` The family has been through a very difficult time . ' -LSB- The situation -RSB- has taken its toll on family relationships and my mental health and I am still on medication for depression and anxiety . ` It was difficult to cope on my own at first and the interim payments my solicitor obtained transformed our lives . ` The award will help James realise his potential . ` But no amount of money can ever make up for the mistakes that have condemned my amazing son to a lifetime of dependency on others . ' Pauleen Pratt , acting chief nurse at United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust , said : ` The Trust and the NHS Litigation Authority are deeply sorry for what happened and for the impact this has had upon James and his family . ` The Trust accepted , in 2009 , liability for the injuries which James sustained during his birth some 12 years ago . ` Although we can not turn back the clock , we hope that the compensation , once agreed , will provide the reassurance that James ' future care needs will be met . '