Most of us spend our time dreaming and saving for our next holiday , but meet the woman who gets to travel the world reviewing the best hotels , beds , pools and room service for her job . Travel photographer Rhiannon Taylor , 29 , from Australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business , launching a website called ` In Bed With ' . Travelling the world to review and photograph the most luxurious accommodations , the avid Instagrammer has turned her social media success into a growing company . Scroll down for video . Dream job : Rhiannon Taylor travels the world reviewing beds , pools and room service . With more than 12,000 followers on Instagram , liking her beautiful photos of her travels , the places she stays and the food she eats , Rhiannon spotted a gap in the market for elegantly-resented hotel reviews . She writes about everything form the best pies to the biggest beds and has travelled the world from Indonesia to the US and Mexico to document great hotels . As well as many hotels paying Rhiannon to stay and review , they also buy her professional pictures as well . The Melbourne-based photographer also works with companies who sell travel products , such as luggage and swimwear , allowing her to generate further income from featuring them on her site . The traveller said : ` I was a travel photographer for seven years which gave me endless work in different parts of the world . ` I 'd record what hotel in Miami had the best pie to order on room service at midnight , which hotel in LA had the best pool or where the best beds are in Hong Kong . Luxury life ! The photographer documents her findings on her In Bed With reviewing site . Rhiannon has travelled everywhere from Indonesia to the U.S. and Mexico featuring aspects like the best pie or biggest beds . The prolific Instgrammer has more than 12,000 followers and has turned her lifestyle into a business . ` About a year ago I decided to put my experiences in to an online magazine format and it really took off . The name is a bit cheeky and the concept is unique . ` Because I had built relationships with hotels and PR companies over the past seven years I was able to start contacting these resorts and establishments to see whether they 'd be interested in me visiting and writing reviews . Rhiannon has stayed at some of the most exclusive hotels around the world , where private plunge pools , idyllic spas and sumptuous rooms come as standard . These are some of the properties she has photographed : . Australia . Mineral Springs Hotel , Hepburn Springs , , Victoria - Prices from aus $ 415 per couple per night , midweek . Drift House , Port Fairy , Victoria - From aus $ 375 per night . The Pullman , Melbourne - Prices from aus $ 135 per night . Indonesia . Than Sanctuary , Canggu - Rates on request . Alila , Ubud - Terrace Tree Villa rates from $ 400 per night . Ossootel , Legian Bali - Prices from $ 99 per night . USA . The London , West Hollywood - Suites from $ 399 per night . Mexico . Resort at Pedregal , Cabo San Lucas - Suites from $ 550 per night , midweek . ` Thankfully a few gave me a chance and the rest is history . ' When Rhiannon visits a resort , the aspects she aims to review for her readers include design , cuisine , location , atmosphere , comfort , ethical & environmental attitude and price . She said : ` I also provide them with a set of more commercial style images they can use for their own purposes in addition to my editorial spread . Rhiannon -LRB- pictured -RRB- had been a photographer for seven years , before utilising her PR and hotel contacts , and created the reviewing site . ` About a year ago I decided to put my experiences in to an online magazine format and it really took off . The name is a bit cheeky and the concept is unique , ' she said . Rhiannon has visited some spectacular hotels around the world to sample what they offer . ` So they get a 2-for-1 deal - a feature on my site with access to my readership and a set of imagery they would employ a regular photographer to do anyway . ' The reviewer also spoke of the importance of using social media alongside her travel writing . ` Social media really catapulted my site to the world . It 's a way of showcasing your aesthetic and curating your opinion on something and inviting a social media user to subscribe to that . ' This year the stylish reviewer plans to look into experiential resorts across Australia , New Zealand , Asia and India that offer comfort nestled in incredible wilderness . ` I 've been working with tourism boards to create campaigns in certain regions and countries to showcase accommodation and the surrounding areas , which funds my travel , expenses and fees . ' Instagram is the perfect places for Rhiannon 's artfully-posed shots taken at each hotel . The social media star also posts pictures and reviews of the food she eats on her travels . Many of the hotels also pay her to be featured on her site , as well as for the professional images she takes .