Beef at a good price . If Ian Botham is going to watch his Test wickets record get beaten by Jimmy Anderson , he might as well earn himself a bit of cash doing it . After spotting that SkyBet were offering 9/4 on the Lancashire seamer to take four wickets in the first innings on Wednesday morning , Beefy , who remains England 's leading wicket-taker for the time being with 383 , tweeted : ` I 'll have a go at that price !!! ' Sir Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record on the third morning in Antigua . Daddy 's girl . With Botham 's record in his sights , all eyes at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium were on Anderson -- including those of his wife Daniella and daughter Ruby Luxe . But the Burnley Express kept everyone waiting , and watching Test cricket can be a hard slog for anyone -- let alone a four-year-old . Anderson 's wife Daniella and daughter watch the action from the stands at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium . Swanny 's funny . While tributes were paid to Anderson on Test Match Special at lunch , former team-mate Graeme Swann revealed how he used to wind him up . ` It was great when his face was on the back of all of those London buses last year -- just so I could say to him `` You 've got a face like the back of a bus '' , ' said Swann . Anderson picked up one wicket on day three , but is still one shy of Botham 's record of 383 dismissals . Moeen spinning in . The ECB announced on Wednesday that Moeen Ali has been called up for the next Test in Grenada . The question is , where will he fit into the first XI with off-spinner James Tredwell bowling so well ? It would be embarrassing for Moeen if he was kept out of the England team by a man who ca n't get into his own county side . Moeen Ali , pictured playing for Worcestershire , has been added to the England squad for the remaining Tests . Blackwood frustrates Ben . By far the most interesting on-pitch battle was between Ben Stokes and Jermaine Blackwood . The West Indies ' sixth man in scored 112 in the first innings , much to the frustration of Stokes -- and not just because of the eight boundaries the Jamaican hit off him . After Tuesday 's no-ball episode , Stokes narrowly missed out on Blackwood 's wicket twice on Wednesday -- seeing an edge dropped by James Tredwell at slip , followed by a close lbw denial upheld by the third umpire . Jermaine Blackwood hit his maiden Test match century in his sixth match for the West Indies on Wednesday . Ben Stokes was frustrated twice when he thought he dismissed Blackwood , adding to Tuesday 's no-ball . Five-star Jos . Tredwell rightly took the plaudits on day three , but Jos Buttler put in a tidy performance with the gloves . The Lancashire wicketkeeper took five catches for the first time in a Test innings . He 's only the second keeper to do so against West Indies , after Jack Russell in 1990 . Jos Buttler took five catches for the first time in a Test innings , only the second England ` keeper to do so . Looking hot , man . During lulls in the proceedings , fans were treated to dancing from the excellently-costumed Seaweed man . He certainly kept spirits up among members of the crowd , but that outfit does n't look tailor-made for the Antiguan 30-degree heat . A spectator known as Seaweed man watches the action on day three of the first Test in Antigua .