Charity runners taking part in a 10 km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour . The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point . Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route . Scroll down for video . Blunder : Charity runners taking part in yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay 10K Run -LRB- pictured -RRB- were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour . The bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay Run and today the organisers - Bournemouth Borough Council - appealed for those who were affected by the mix-up to contact them for a ` gesture of goodwill . ' A local authority spokesman said that it was investigating what happened to the marshal who should have directed runners at a turning point . It was reported that some runners were ` in tears ' while one described the event 's organisation as ` shambolic ' . Hayley James , who is four months pregnant and from Poole , said : ` To have a race of that scale with only one marshal on a point is inexcusable . ` We saw loads of people walking at the end , some were in tears , I felt so sorry for them - I felt like crying at the 10 km mark . ' Andy Isaac , from Bournemouth , said the event was ` mayhem ' with one point where an elderly woman managed to drive onto the route and was flashing her lights at oncoming runners . A map shows where up to 300 runners continued along the coastal path after a marshal who was meant to direct them on to a turn went to the toilet . Reaction : Two people vent their frustration at the Bournemouth Bay Run on Twitter yesterday . It also emerged that water stations ran out of supplies during the race , forcing some runners to drink from half-empty bottles that had been left on the ground as they battled against dehydration . Commenting on the Daily Echo website , one runner said : `` We had a bottle of water at the three mile station , but at the six mile point they had totally ran out , so nothing . Jon Weaver , head of resort marketing and events at the council , said : ` Unfortunately there was some confusion with marshalling arrangements at one point , but it was a critical point . We apologise unreservedly to those front runners . ` In 33 years of running ... this is the first time this has happened and as part of our debrief we will be analysing the arrangements carefully ... to learn for 2016 . ` We understand runners have trained for a long time for the event and it 's hard for them and we do empathise with how they are feeling . ' It was hoped that the event would have raised more than £ 70,000 for the British Heart Foundation . Some racers took to Twitter to vent their frustration over the blunder . Rob Kelly wrote : Really disappointed in the #BournemouthBayRun 10k that ended up 13k very poor show bad marshalling #wontbeback . ' AndKim Kelly replied : ` Totally agree and never got to do a 5k as they were 45 mins behind schedule : -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- . '