Luke Shaw admitted he has struggled to cope with the demands of playing for Manchester United after he returned to the team against Chelsea . Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks as he comes to terms with his £ 28million move from Southampton to Old Trafford in the summer . The left back , who had a decent game on his return to the team at Stamford Bridge , said : ` I am still young and coming to the biggest club in the world has n't been easy for me . Manchester United left back Luke Shaw -LRB- right -RRB- chases the ball ahead of Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic -LRB- left -RRB- . Shaw -LRB- right -RRB- tussles with Chelsea forward Eden Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- during the Premier League match on Saturday . Shaw admits that he has struggled to live up to his £ 28million price tag since joining Manchester United . ` I would n't say it has been a hard three weeks but it has been a three weeks that I have been able to learn a lot more about myself , so it has been a nice three weeks in that respect and good to get on the pitch again . ' Shaw claims he had a minor back injury when he was substituted at half-time against Arsenal in the FA Cup quarter-final defeat at Old Trafford last month , but he was left out of the team by Louis van Gaal for the next four games . Shaw added : ` He has two sides to him , but he is genuinely a really nice guy and a great manager . ` You have seen what he has turned United into in recent weeks but that is because there is a really focused side , where you have to give 100 per cent in every training session and game and be focused all the time . ` If you do n't give that , he wo n't play you and that 's what he is like . ' The 19-year-old has played 19 times in all competitions for United this campaign , after featuring in twice as many matches for Southampton last season . ` I have n't been playing and there have been a lot of negative comments about me , ' he said . ` It is something that is n't nice and I 've tried to ignore it but hopefully this is the start of me coming back . ` I saw a comment the other day saying I was taken off at half-time against Arsenal because I was n't fit enough , but that 's not true at all . ` This is coming from me and I know what the manager pulled me off for and it was not for my fitness because I could have carried on in the game . ' Shaw -LRB- right -RRB- , during his Southampton days , prepares to tackle Tottenham winger Andros Townsend -LRB- left -RRB- . While at Southampton , Shaw -LRB- left -RRB- runs with the ball ahead of Hull City 's Paul McShane -LRB- right -RRB- . Mauricio Pochettino brought the best out of Shaw at St Mary 's last season , and there was a real sense of paternal warmth between manager and player . Despite his up-and-down start at Old Trafford , Shaw insists he has the full support of Van Gaal . ` Over the last three weeks I have learned a lot from the manager and credit goes to him for trusting me in a big game like this , ' said Shaw . ` I have family and friends who are helping me on my journey and the manager has been unbelievable as well . ' Shaw -LRB- right -RRB- shakes hands with Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal during the club 's pre-season tour .