She was the pregnant teenager who horrifically murdered her American socialite mother in a wealthy Balinese resort and heartlessly stuffed the half-naked body in a suitcase . Heather Mack , 19 , brutally killed Sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in August and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort . Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years , a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn . Mack was photographed after her sentencing celebrating in her jail cell by getting drunk off alcohol smuggled to her in a Sprite bottle . In contrast , Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005 . Scroll down for video . Heather Mack , 19 , avoided the death penalty last week after brutally killing her mother with the help of her boyfriend in August and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort . Meanwhile Muyran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were executed on Wednesday after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia back in 2005 . The Bali Nine ringleaders spent 10 years in Kerobokan Prison working to reform themselves with Chan now an ordained Christian minister and Sukumaran being an accomplished artist . Despite their clear rehabilitation , Chan and Sukumaran were shot dead by a firing squad early on Wednesday morning . The differences in the sentences in the two cases left many people wondering about the fairness of the decisions . ` Outcomes of the criminal justice system must reflect the seriousness of the case , ' barrister and president of the Australian Bar Association , Fiona McLeod , told Daily Mail Australia . Photographers say 19-year-old Heather Mack was drinking alcohol from a Sprite bottle behind bars in Bali immediately after her sentence was handed down . The 19-year-old brutally killed Sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in August and dumped the bloody suitcase -LRB- pictured -RRB- in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort . Should Australia respect Indonesia 's decision to execute Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan ? Should Australia respect Indonesia 's decision to execute Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan ? Now share your opinion . ` In all cases the outcome in terms of punishment should reflect the seriousness of the crime . ' Speaking ahead of the executions , Ms McLeod said Indonesia had issued a blanket statement about executing all drug smugglers on death row without considering individual circumstances . ` It 's such a sledgehammer . The death penalty is cruel and excessive in all circumstances , ' she said . ` We know that these two Australians have reformed and are excellent examples of what is possible with appropriate terms of imprisonment and rehabilitation . ` These are two different men today , 10 years after they entered prison in Indonesia . They are living examples of what rehabilitation and hope can achieve . ` Imprisonment commensurate with the crime is an appropriate response . We remain firmly opposed to the death penalty in any country , for any crime . ' The families of the condemned men endured harrowing goodbyes with the two Australian men in last visits in prison on Tuesday . Sukuraman 's sister , Brintha , could not stifle her wails as she made her way through the crowds of people outside the gates of the port where they embarked for the prison . Moments later , Chan 's mother Helen arrived outwardly sobbing and had to be carried away from the media scrum as police officers led the family through the crowd . The Bali Nine ringleaders spent 10 years in Kerobokan Prison working to reform themselves with Chan becoming a priest and Sukumaran being an accomplished artist . The date of the executions - April 29 - became official when a local funeral director in Cilacap was instructed to inscribe the names of those to be shot by firing squad and the date of their deaths . Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Andrew Chan were transported from Bali 's Kerobokan Prison where they had been for a decade to Besi Prison on Indonesia 's ` death island ' for their execution . Andrew Chan was pictured here on board a flight from Bali to Cilacap ahead of their execution . Sukuraman 's sister , Brintha , is supported as she is escorted through the crowd towards the port gates to say what could be the final goodbye on Tuesday . Sukuraman 's mother Raji -LRB- centre -RRB- cries as she arrives at the port authority office at Cilacap for a last visit with her son . Michael Chan -LRB- centre , in green -RRB- brother of Andrew Chan , makes his way through the media to the port authority office before travelling to Nusakambangan Island . Mack , from Chicago , avoided the death penalty last week after a judge granted her leniency on the grounds that she 's a new mother and needs to take care of her infant daughter Stella . ` Her newborn baby badly needs a mother 's love and breastfeeding , ' the verdict said . She was sentenced alongside her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer for killing her mother and stuffing her half-naked body in a suitcase at their Bali hotel . Schaefer got 18 years , while Mack was handed 10 . Prosecutors have vowed to appeal and pursue a tougher sentence for the teenager mother . Jailed : Heather Mack and Tommy Schaefer pictured with their daughter in a prison bus after the court hearings . Tearful : Heather Mack was sentenced to 10 years in jail for the murder of her mother Sheila von Wiese-Mack . Motherhood : Mack is allowed to keep her baby in prison with her for two years and she says she could n't bare to give up her one-month-old .