David Cameron has revealed that he and his wife Samantha were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son Ivan after he was born disabled . In an intensely personal interview , he revealed : ` We were n't falling out with each other , but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything . ' His comments were echoed by his wife who , in a separate interview , said the stresses of looking after Ivan pushed their relationship close to ` breaking point ' . Scroll down for video . David Cameron has revealed that he and his wife Samantha -LRB- pictured together in 2008 with their son Ivan -RRB- were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son after he was born with a rare brain disorder . Ivan -LRB- pictured -RRB- was born with Ohtahara Syndrome , a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits . He died aged six in 2009 . In a tearful interview , Mrs Cameron spoke for the first time of the ` nightmare ' of learning that their first child had a rare disorder which left him needing round-the-clock care . Within a year , she said , looking after him had left the Camerons ` totally shattered ' and trying to ` find a way through ' . And she described the shock of his sudden death , which came ` out of the blue ' . Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome , a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits . He died aged six in 2009 . Speaking days ahead of what would have been his 13th birthday on Wednesday , the Prime Minister said : ` It 's true -- it is a knock . You are exhausted . You become a part-time parent , nurser , carer , doctor . ' Mrs Cameron recalled how within days of Ivan 's birth she knew ` something was n't quite right ' because he was making ` funny , jerky movements ' . Speaking to the Mail on Sunday -- which pictured her at home in Downing Street with her husband and their other children -- she said : ` It 's your worst nightmare . They did a whole load of tests , they push the box of tissues towards you and you feel like you 're in an episode of Casualty . ' Mr Cameron said Ivan was a ` blessing in lots of ways ' but admitted the strains he created on their life left them both ` falling apart ' . He said : ` We both worked out that we could cope , and find a way through this ' Dressed , fittingly , in a fleece , David Cameron took a break from the campaign trail yesterday to be photographed feeding a newborn , orphaned lamb . He cradled the young animal to feed it milk from a bottle after dropping in at Dean Lane Farm in his Witney constituency in Oxfordshire . At one point they were snuggled up so close that they were nuzzling each other 's faces . Inevitably , it prompted a flurry of comments on Twitter , several from Labour supporters , many of them unrepeatable and several referring to mint sauce . David Cameron took a break from the campaign trail yesterday to feed a newborn , orphaned lamb in Witney . The diagnosis had ` frightening ' and ` scary ' implications , she said , adding : ` It changes your life for ever . It 's tough , lonely and isolating . You are terrified of not being able to cope . ' She praised her ` amazing , strong and steady ' husband and his ` sense that it 's going to be OK ' . Mr Cameron , in a separate interview with the Sunday Times , said Ivan was a ` blessing in lots of ways ' but admitted the strains he created on their life left them both ` falling apart ' . He said : ` It takes over your life . We both worked out that we could cope , and find a way through this . ' In a frank admission of the pressures their son 's condition had placed on their relationship , Mrs Cameron said : ` There 's lots of people in our situation whose marriages do n't survive . ` Looking after a disabled child pushes you to the limits of what you can cope with physically , emotionally . By the end of the first year we were totally shattered and pretty much at breaking point . Samantha Cameron . Samantha Cameron has said she would be ` fine ' if her children copied her and got a tattoo . The Prime Minister 's wife has a leaping dolphin on her right foot which she had done during a gap year spent travelling in Indonesia following her A-levels . Asked how she would feel if her children followed her example , she told the Mail on Sunday : ` I 'd be fine about it . ` Obviously you 'd have to explain that they might not want it in certain places where it would be for ever . But no , I would n't have any problem with them having a tattoo . ' ` The doctors realised we needed help . But as parents you have this feeling that you should n't ask for help . ' She added that they were ` so , so proud ' of Ivan , saying : ` He was very beautiful , one of the great gifts in our lives . A day when you have n't been to hospital , a day when he smiled , or a day when you have n't cried , becomes the most amazing day . ' She described her battles with education bosses who tried to send Ivan to a mainstream school , before his parents secured him a place at a special needs school . ` Ivan had a feeding tube , very bad epilepsy . He could n't sit up . He could n't communicate at all . He needed to be somewhere more sensory and stimulating with people who knew how to look after him , ' she said . His death came as a big shock . ` It was totally out of the blue and happened so quickly , ' she said . ` It takes a long time before you see sunlight poking through the dark fog but never does the pain go as it 's so connected to the love . ' She said she still receives some bereavement counselling . Mr Cameron also spoke of Ivan 's death : ` Your whole world collapses . You push pause on your life ; you stop and have a think . Nothing really matters at that stage . ' In her interview Mrs Cameron also revealed that her taste in music includes US psychedelic band Polica , whose latest album Shulamith has on its cover a topless woman with her back turned and her hair and neck covered in blood . Mrs Cameron saw the band perform in London when they toured Britain . The album is named after Canadian Marxist Shulamith Firestone , the author of The Dialectic Of Sex : The Case For A Feminist Revolution . Mrs Cameron also told of her embarrassment at being told Nancy and Elwen were having a ` huge pillow and duvet fight ' when the family stayed with German Chancellor Angela Merkel at her schloss near Berlin in 2013 . This picture - from a new set of photographs showing the Camerons at home in Downing Street - has a clear message : That while the Prime Minister has been holding down the most important job in Britain for the past five years , he 's also made time to learn the all-important art of tying up his daughter 's hair for school . Showing that being left-handed is no handicap , he holds four-year-old Florence 's hair with one hand while brushing with the other . Behind them , the dishwasher looks suspiciously empty in the midst of the morning chaos inevitable in the home of any family of five , but reaching down to it provides the Prime Minister 's wife with an opportunity to show off her enviable figure . While this battered ministerial red box may have carried some of the most important documents in British history , as it lies around in the Cameron household it becomes the perfect toy . In this previously unseen 2011 family photograph of Florence as a toddler , she fits perfectly into the box as it sits perched on the yellow sofa from the Fancy Nancy range at sofaworks.com -LRB- £ 1,579 -RRB- . Tucked behind it appears to be a label from one of daddy 's trips to Brussels . And behind Florence , standing on the chest of drawers , is a Ribbon Copper Large Table Lamp from Habitat -LRB- £ 160 -RRB- and a rattan tissue box cover -LRB- £ 26 -RRB- from Oka . Breakfast and the family enjoy porridge -- the pot is on the table in front of Mrs Cameron , who wears a cashmere grey , red and white Chinti and Parker sweater -LRB- £ 295 -RRB- . A box of Weetabix Organic is also just visible . The black mug is from Whittard , while the green chairs are by Knoll Saarinen , and cost £ 816 each . On the white marble breakfast table -LRB- £ 750 from amodernworld.co.uk -RRB- is a plastic tub containing toothbrushes , hairbrushes and nail scissors . There 's also a wicker basket containing Boots dietary supplements . This is our house ! The Camerons ' children Elwen and Nancy in a photograph taken five years ago . Now in her home office , and this time wearing a more business-like blue spot sleeveless blouse by Joseph -LRB- £ 215 -RRB- , Mrs Cameron catches up on some work.The laptop is an Apple Macbook Pro , which costs from £ 899 , and in the background you can just make out an arch lamp , similar to a £ 99 Arche from made.com .