Ed Balls has been accused of treating the public with ` contempt ' after dismissing as a ` joke ' the infamous Labour note admitting the party had blown the nation 's finances . The shadow chancellor said the letter , left in the Treasury by the former Labour minister Liam Byrne in 2010 , was just a ` jokey note ' . Mr Byrne 's glib note to his successor as Treasury Secretary stated : ` Dear Chief Secretary , I 'm afraid there is no money . Kind regards -- and good luck ! Liam . ' Scroll down for video . Damaging : Labour 's Liam Byrne sent left this handwritten note to his successor before he left the Treasury in 2010 . The note has become emblematic of Labour 's fiscal irresponsibility in office and was used by David Cameron in the seven-way leaders ' debate earlier this month . When the Coalition took office in 2010 the budget deficit had reached more than £ 150billion -- more than 10 per cent of the entire size of the economy . But Mr Ball insisted the note admitting that Labour had blown the nation 's finances should not be taken seriously . He told BBC West Midlands : ` Liam Byrne 's note was a jokey note ... of the course the money had n't run out . ' Mr Balls said Labour would cut the deficit -- still running at £ 90billion a year -- every year . He said : ` Nothing in our manifesto is going to require additional borrowing . I think in tough times , people want a government which will make tough decisions , and will make the sums add up , and that is what we 're saying very clearly today . ' But he was asked if Labour was ` credible ' and could be trusted with the economy . Mr Balls said : ` I think people want to know the sums add up . People know that the global financial crisis was n't caused by Labour 's spending -- it was n't Labour 's spending on nurses and doctors which meant the Lehman Brothers investment bank went bankrupt in New York . ` Liam Byrne 's note was a jokey note , of course the money had n't run out . ' Ed Balls , pictured in Birmingham today , said the letter , left in the Treasury by the former Labour minister Liam Byrne in 2010 , was just a ` jokey note ' Mr Balls blamed the Lib Dem minister David Laws for leaking the note . He said it was supposed to be a private note , adding : ` It was supposed to be a piece of humour . In fact , in that year , the government spend hundreds of billions of pounds , so of course the money had n't run out , but there was a large deficit , and we had to get it down , and we needed to get it down in a fair way . ` The reason why we 're more credible than the Tories now is that they 're not people who understand the need for change in the economy , it 's not been all in it together , they 've not even balanced the books -- it 's going to take a Labour government to do it . ' Former Treasury Secretary Liam Byrne left the note to his successor David Laws in 2010 . The Tories this morning slammed Mr Balls 's remarks -- claiming they showed that he had not learnt the lessons from the great economic crash . Treasury minister David Gauke said : ` The fact that Ed Balls thinks the debt they left the country was a ` joke ' goes to show the contempt they hold the public in . ` It is clear Labour has not learnt the lessons of the past and would do the same all over again - more taxes , more borrowing and more debt . ' The letter has haunted Labour for years , allowing Tory and Liberal Democrat ministers to prove the nation 's coffers were empty . The letter consisting of just 18 words it offers no apology or justification for the state of the nation 's finances , only a glib ` good luck ' to whoever was left to clear up the economic mess . Written in blue ink on government note paper , it was opened by Lib Dem David Laws who became Chief Secretary to the Treasury when the coalition was formed . Lib Dem Mr Laws said : ` He left a note which frankly does sum up precisely the state of the Treasury when he left it . I think it is refreshing that a Labour politician has been prepared to admit that . ' Mr Byrne has admitted he will regret it for the rest of his life . He said : ` It was a very foolish thing to do . ` I suppose I did think there was a convention amongst honourable members that private correspondence would stay private . ` There 's obviously a very old tradition of these notes that goes back to the 1930s . I felt disappointed that some very old conventions had been cast aside for political advantage . '