When it comes to travel , there are a lot of things that affect the trips we book - and one of them could be the way we vote . While Conservative supporters love a good trashy plane read , it seems Liberal Democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights , while UKIP supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday . The unusual statistics were revealed as part of a Travelzoo survey into voters and their holiday habits , revealing the Greens love a long-haul trip and Labour are the most likely to try out their dance moves on holiday . Conservative Party supporters are more likely to take on some light reading such as Fifty Shades of Grey rather than some more refined reading -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Voters for the Scottish National Party are more likely to bring out the Speedo swimming trunks . Interestingly despite their belief that pulling out of the EU is necessary , UKIP supporters still have a lot of love left for warmer climates as they are the biggest sun lovers of all the parties with 90 per cent requiring this as standard . Cutting down on emissions and pollution is a mainstay of the Green Party 's manifesto , however almost half of their supporters -LRB- 49 per cent -RRB- are likely to travel on long haul destinations , preferring an aisle seat on the plane . They are also most likely to rent a car on holiday , with 60 per cent voting to do so . Green Party supporters are also most likely to take the toiletries home with them , while UKIP are the least likely to swoop for the free shampoo and shower gel in hotel rooms . The Scottish National Party are the most likely to pack the speedos on holiday , while they are also the most likely to watch English TV . Thirty-four per cent of those who vote Liberal Democrat love cruise holidays , according to the statistics . Conservatives . Second most likely to opt for a light reading option -LRB- a la 50 Shades of Grey -RRB- instead of something more highbrow . They are the most organized holiday makers with 71 % saying they planned well ahead instead of last minute . They 're the most likely to check work emails when away -LRB- 17 % -RRB- and are the most likely to have their phone on -LRB- 49 % -RRB- . Labour . Labour are most likely to get up and dance whilst on holiday rather than sit back and watch others -LRB- 39 % -RRB- . They also like holidaying with the kids -- they 're the second most likely to take children with them -LRB- 19 % -RRB- . They are the least inclined to book a romantic break with their partner and most likely to choose a low floor over high floor in a hotel . Liberal Democrats . Most likely to request a window seat on the plane and are the most likely to eat airline food rather than bring their own meal -LRB- 45 % -RRB- . Like the high seas , and are the group most likely to opt for a cruise holiday -LRB- 34 % -RRB- . They are the second most likely group to try the local cuisine -LRB- 92 % -RRB- and also to travel to a place they 've never been to before -LRB- 93 % -RRB- . Labour Party supporters are the least inclined to book a romantic getaway with their partners - and this is reflected in that they are the second most inclined to take the children on holiday after UKIP . Spokesperson for Travelzoo Louise Hodges said : ` While some of the political party stereotypes where upheld -- such as Conservative supporters being the biggest fans of luxury holidays and à la carte dining -- we were interested to see some less expected holiday preferences . Nearly half of Green Party voters love long haul travel to destinations such as beautiful New Zealand . UKIP . They are the keenest to save when holidaying abroad -LRB- 59 % -RRB- . The biggest sun lovers of the lot -LRB- 90 % -RRB- . The least likely to take the toiletries -LRB- 64 % -RRB- and the most likely to leave their phones turned off -LRB- 58 % -RRB- . The most likely to holiday without the kids -LRB- 55 % -RRB- and to stick to somewhere they know -LRB- 13 % -RRB- . Green . Despite the fuel consumption , they enjoy long haul -LRB- 49 % -RRB- and while they 're there , they 're the most likely to rent a car -LRB- 60 % -RRB- . They are the most likely to take the hotel toiletries home -LRB- 57 % -RRB- . They are the most likely group to take their children on holiday with them -LRB- 20 % -RRB- . Statistics provided by Travelzoo . SNP . They are the least likely to check work emails on holiday -LRB- 8 % -RRB- . Biggest romantics with 48 % saying they would choose a romantic break with their partner over holidaying with friends . The most likely to pack the speedos compared with other party supporters and also the most likely to watch English TV on holiday -LRB- 48 % -RRB- . ` For example , Green party supporters were the biggest proponents of long-haul travel and the most likely tourists to hire a car over taking a taxi . ` We also found it interesting that UKIP supporters were the in the majority when it came to saying they liked to ` mix with locals ' on foreign holidays . ` Paradoxically they were the least keen on trying to speak the local language . And they also like a full English breakfast regardless of where they are . '