` The General ' : Mohammed Suleman Khan , 43 , was sent to prison for four years last April but faces ten more years if he does not pay back £ 2.2 m . A jailed tax fraudster who hid his wealth in the UK while building an estate in Pakistan modelled on Buckingham Palace must pay back £ 2.2 million within six months or face a ten more years in jail . Mohammed Suleman Khan , 43 , was sent to prison for four years last April after defrauding the taxman of £ 450,000 . His nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his Birmingham home and discovered plans for his own mansion in Pakistan , complete with library , cinema and servant quarters . Serving inmate Khan faced a proceeds of crime hearing at Liverpool Crown Court last week and was ordered to pay £ 2.2 million within six months . If he fails to hand over the cash he faces a further ten years in prison . The tax fraudster had contested the order , brought by West Midlands Police and prosecuted at court by Andrew Smith QC . Judge Andrew Menary QC presided over the week-long case , which heard details of Khan 's complicated financial affairs . The original tax fraud court case heard how he had lived in a gated £ 500,000 house in Moseley and drove a BMW , but had no obvious job . His family home belonged to relatives and only small amounts of money went through his bank accounts . Yet while he was careful to avoid showing trappings of wealth in the UK , detectives from West Midlands Police 's Force CID discovered he had secretly paid for the £ 2.3 million mansion to be built in Pakistan . In court his defence team portrayed him as a legitimate businessman who had earned around £ 400,000 over the nine-year period from debt collecting and other business interests in the UK and abroad . But police found no evidence of a legitimate debt collecting company and their investigation proved he had netted more than £ 1million during that period , without paying the required tax and National Insurance . Inspiration : Khan built himself a vast estate in Pakistan , left , inspired by Buckingham Palace , right . A search of Khan 's Birmingham home after his arrest uncovered plans for the ` palace ' in the Attock region of Pakistan . The outer shell and roof of the building had been completed by Khan at a cost of £ 893,000 . Once finished , the property would have been valued at £ 2.3 million . Khan was known in criminal circles as ` The General ' and his prosecution sent shockwaves around Birmingham 's criminal fraternity , who had held him up to near ` mythical ' status . One gangland source said : ` In recent years he was said to have turned religious but this man was still feared and his dealings and movements were shrouded in mystery . ` Not many people had even ever set eyes on him . He had this kind of mythical status where people only spoke his name in hushed tones . Most people referred to him simply as ` The General ' which gave an indication of the kind of status he had in the community . ' A police source close to the investigation into the unsolved murder of of Tony Yaqub in Birmingham in 2004 said : ` Khan was arrested after returning to Birmingham from Pakistan a few days after the murder and he was questioned at length ' . Khan was later released without charge . An appeal was later made on the BBC 's Crimewatch programme but Mr Yaqub 's killers have continued to evade police and no motive for his murder has ever been revealed by police .