Pep Guardiola went into Bayern Munich 's Champions League second-leg against Porto under intensifying pressure after a 3-1 defeat in the first encounter . His side responded ruthlessly , obliterating Porto - and Guardiola 's doubters - with a relentless attacking display and a 6-1 scoreline at the Allianz Arena to reach the semi-final but it is not just the blistering offensive play that seizes the front pages in Germany on Wednesday . That honour is taken by Guardiola 's trousers , which tore at the top of his leg during the game . Bild -LRB- left -RRB- lead on Pep Guardiola 's trousers while Kurier report on a ` fixed ' Bayern Munich after beating Porto . Guardiola had a tear in his trousers as he orchestrated Bayern 's big win from the sidelines against Porto . Bild lead with the picture of Guardiola 's trousers and the headline ' 6-1 ! It even bursts Pep 's pants ! ' Kurier took a more reserved approach the morning after the match , leading with the headline ` safety for fixed Bayern ' . The reaction in Portugal was much more damming after Porto 's humiliating demolition . ` Terror in Munich ' reports Abola , who reflect on a ` tragic half hour ' where Bayern blitzed Porto with three strikes to overturn to the 3-1 deficit , before going on to notch another three , reaching five at half-time . Record simply lead with ` disaster ' on their front page , adding that Porto had ` the worst defeat in their European history . ' Abola -LRB- left -RRB- report on Porto 's ` terror in Munich ' while Record called the defeat a ` disaster ' for the team . L'equipe lead with a ` giant ' evening approaching for Monaco while Barcelona ` fly into the semis ' In France , L'equipe are building up to Monaco 's quarter-final second leg against runaway Serie A leaders Juventus , who hold the advantage in tie with a 1-0 lead . The paper says ` it would be giant ' if Monaco overturn the score and reach the semi-finals of the competition . In Spain , Mundo Deportivo lead with Barcelona ` flying into the semis ' after a 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp sealed a 5-1 aggregate victory .