An unemployed alcoholic who boasts of fathering 40 children plays ultra-violent Grand Theft Auto for up to 20 hours a day on a PlayStation4 bought with his benefits . Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his Monmouthshire council house , each connected to his three £ 450 PS4 consoles all funded by his state handouts . His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £ 4million in benefits and care costs , with at least 16 taken off him and their mothers by social services . ` I wo n't stop ' : Father of 40 Mike Holpin , left and right with his fiancée Diane , is said to have cost taxpayers £ 4.3 million in benefits and other costs because of his huge family . Addicted : Holpin plays on his three £ 450 PS4 consoles for up to 20 hours a day - all paid for by benefits . But at 56 says he wants more children even though he admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street . Now engaged again , the three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back . CARE COSTS : Mike Holpin says 16 of his children were taken into care . A placement in local authority care costs an average of £ 150,000 a year . If they each spent just a year in care , the bill would be £ 2.4 million . CHILD BENEFIT : £ 1,000 per annum for the eldest child , plus £ 700 per year for each additional child , which would be claimed by the person looking after the child . Assuming half his children are now adults and half are still entitled to child benefit , the bill would be at least £ 500,000 . Child tax credits would have been worth an average of £ 2,000 per year , per child if the parents were not working . That 's £ 800,000 . HIS BENEFITS : Mr Holpin claims he has received up to £ 27,000 a year in benefits , totalling £ 675,000 . TOTAL BILL : £ 4,375,000 . His fiancee Diane Morris , 46 , told The Sun : ` He 's a good guy . He 's been unfaithful but that 's all in the past ' . One of his youngest children , a three-year-old girl , was born after he agreed to help a childless couple have a baby . He said : ` I helped them by having sex with her . For all my sins I have done one or two things right ' . One of his children , Hayley , 25 , who is also unemployed , said : ` He was a p *** head but he 's done well . I 'm proud , ' she told The Sun . But Mr Holpin 's brother , David , 59 , said the former fairground worker 's ` shocking ' behaviour had brought ` shame ' on the family . David Holpin , from Erith , Kent , added : ` I lost touch with Mike when I moved to Kent 18 years ago -- he did n't have a phone so we could n't keep in touch . ` It would n't surprise me if he had 40 children , the way he carries on . His behaviour is shocking . I 'm not ashamed of Michael , but I 'm upset about the way our family name has been tarnished . ` He has brought shame on us , and we are a good family . ' Game of choice : The father of 40 loves playing Grand Theft Auto and owns more than 200 other titles worth £ 50 each . His relationships have broken down because of his drinking and womanising , and the recovering alcoholic says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives . If they had completed just one year in care each , it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for £ 2.4 million . Mr Holpin or the children 's mothers would also have been able to claim at least £ 500,000 in child benefit and a further £ 800,000 in child tax credits . On top of this , he has claimed at least £ 675,000 in benefits himself . Yet the feckless dad , of Ebbw Vale in South Wales , said : ` I 'll never stop -LSB- having children -RSB- . Never stop . In the Bible , God says go forth and multiply . I 'm doing what God wants . ` I 'm as fertile as sin . I do n't believe in contraception and I love sex ' . He was the subject of a Channel 5 documentary this week , but last night former friends said Holpin 's claim to 40 children -- aged between three and 37 -- was nonsense . And as 40 Kids By 20 Women aired , his ex-wife Petrina told of her embarrassment on Facebook , writing : ` Feeling Asshamed ' -LRB- sic -RRB- . Mr Holpin , who lives in a council house and claims benefits , said he was a changed man who no longer drank alcohol . But he still wants more children . ` Most of my kids have gone through the care system . ` It makes me feel like s *** because they 've suffered . They -LSB- social services -RSB- took them from me because I 'm an alcoholic . I 'm still an alcoholic -- I just do n't practise it . ' Keeping track : Mr Holpin , from Ebbw Vale in Monmouthshire , shows off his family tree tattoo - which includes his children and grandchildren . Family : Holpin says that he loves sex and wo n't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care . TaxPayers ' Alliance chief executive Jonathan Isaby said : ` It is the lack of shame that really sticks in the throat and taxpayers will be furious . ` It is sheer arrogance to keep having children as if they were hot dinners and expect other people to pick up the bill . ' But former friends say Mr Holpin 's boasts are off the mark , and that he has fathered as few as 16 children with three women . One said he had ` padded ' his numbers by including his ex-partner 's stepchildren . He added : ` He 's no angel after a drink but he is n't the big ladies ' man that he likes to think he is . ` He 's definitely had a football team 's worth of little ' uns -- maybe 16 -- just because he 's not fussy and not careful . But no way has he got two rugby teams and all the subs to make it up to 40 . ' Offspring : Holpin admits his lifestyle led to 16 of his children being taken into care but says he wants to make it up to them . Mr Holpin and his family are infamous in the former mining town of Ebbw Vale , where locals have launched petitions to stop him moving into their street . He now lives with his fiancee Diane Morris , ten years his junior , in a council house in the village of Cwm . Mr Holpin 's daughter Rhiannon , 19 , said on Facebook yesterday : ` You can all hate but it does n't matter , there 's plenty of us to stick up for each other and we can take on the lot of you . ` I feel like I ca n't even leave my house without people judging . Get off my back , I did n't ask my dad to do what he 's done with his life . ' Dream : Mr Holpin says being reunited with his huge brood would complete him and make his life perfect . Day out : Mike and Diane with some of the children at their local bowling alley . New life : The father-of-40 lives with his fiancée Diane Morris , ten years his junior , and they live in a two-bed council house in South Wales .