Hollywood producer and studio executive Harvey Weinstein will not face criminal charges despite the groping allegations made against him by a former Miss Italy finalist . Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22 , told police Weinstein groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his Tribeca Film Center office in Manhattan on March 27 . Battilana claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt . Scroll down for video . The Manhattan District Attorney concluded a criminal charge against Harvey Weinstein is ` not supported ' Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22 , told police the Hollywood producer groped her in his office on March 27 . Battilana refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after making the allegation against Weinstein . The Manhattan District Attorney 's office investigated the Italian model 's claim , but has decided not to prosecute Weinstein , the New York Post reported . Battilana is a former Miss Italy finalist . District attorney spokeswoman Joan Vollero said on Friday : ` This case was taken seriously from the outset , with a thorough investigation conducted by our Sex Crimes Unit . ` After analyzing the available evidence , including multiple interviews with both parties , a criminal charge is not supported . ' Weinstein , who always maintained his innocence , could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations proved true . Battilana refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after lodging the complaint against Weinstein . The delay led to speculation Battilana made the groping allegation in a bid to try and land a part in one of Weinstein 's films . Once that ` pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to cooperate and pursue the criminal case , according to sources . Weinstein , who is originally from Queens , founded Miramax with his brother Bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $ 200million . He is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman , 38 , who founded the luxury label Marchesa . They have been together for seven years and have a young son and daughter . Weintein also has three older daughters from his first marriage to his former assistant , Eve Chilton , which ended in 2004 . Weinstein , 63 , is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman , 38 -LRB- right -RRB- , and they have two kids . Unmarked police car were spotted outside Weinstein 's Tribeca Film Center office -LRB- pictured -RRB- after the allegation . There are rumors Battilana made the groping claim in an attempt to land a part in one of Weinstein 's films .