Royal Bank of Scotland has racked up £ 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers and warned last night that it faces another ` tough year ' . The state-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £ 446million loss for the first three months of the year . It comes after RBS was forced to put aside £ 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided , including an extra £ 334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market with other banks . Down : RBS reposted a £ 446million loss in the first three months of the year . In addition to fines in the US , the latest bill includes provision for compensating customers mis-sold payment protection insurance and fee-paying packaged accounts in the UK . RBS was also hit with a £ 453million restructuring charge , mainly due to a slump in the value of premises in the US . The loss is a blow to taxpayers , who own 80 per cent of the bank , and comes at an awkward time for Chancellor George Osborne , six days before the General Election . A return to profit for both RBS and state-backed Lloyds would have boosted his claims to have fixed the banks bailed out by taxpayers under the Labour government in 2008 . Lloyds has returned to profit and is gradually being sold off to the private sector , but the losses at RBS suggest taxpayers are a long way from recouping some of the £ 46billion bailout that saved the bank from collapse during the financial crisis . Disgraced former RBS boss Fred Goodwin -LRB- pictured -RRB- was among those courted by former prime minister Tony Blair . Mr Goodwin was knighted for ` services to banking ' in 2004 but was stripped of his title in 2012 . Chief executive Ross McEwan said : ` This is going to be another tough year . There are still many conduct and litigation hurdles looming on the horizon . We look forward to the day we can focus entirely on the future rather than dealing with legacy issues . ' The latest news wiped more than £ 700million off the value of RBS as shares fell more than 3 per cent to 338.5 p . The Tories have blamed the last Labour government for failing to keep the banks in check during its 13 years in power . The disgraced former boss of RBS , Fred Goodwin , was among those courted by former prime ministers Tony Blair and Gordon Brown . Mr Goodwin -- nicknamed Fred the Shred for his ruthless cost-cutting -- was even knighted for ` services to banking ' in 2004 . He was stripped of his title in 2012 . Jonathan Isaby , of the TaxPayers ' Alliance , said : ` These losses are enormous and will unnerve taxpayers desperate to get rid of the liabilities for the troubled bank . ` It 's clear that the banks were badly regulated and took extremely risky decisions that left taxpayers with extraordinary burdens , so it remains crucial that RBS gets back in the black as soon as is practically possible . '