The owner of an auto repair shop in Michigan has become the latest business owner to claim his religious views should allow him to be able to refuse serving gay customers . Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company 's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business because he considers homosexuality to be wrong . ` I would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons , ' he wrote . ` Homosexuality is wrong , period . If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works . ' Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company 's Facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in Grandville , Michigan . Klawiter , 35 , claims he has been surprised at how his message , which he said he only expected to be read by his friends and customers , has attracted national media attention . So fat the mechanic 's post has been shared over 1,000 times , attracting hundreds of comments and more than 1,800 likes . The controversy has put Klawiter and his business , Dieseltec , at the center of a media firestorm similar to the one Memories Pizza in Indiana experienced after the owner said her religious views would prevent her from serving a gay wedding . The pizza company received hate mail but also over $ 840,000 in donations from supporters via a GoFundMe campaign . Some critics have accused Klawiter of making his inflammatory statements to attract similar financial support , a claim he denies . The businessman claims he was taking a stand for conservative Christian values and amongst other issues , he is also promising a discount for gun owners . Critics have accused Klawiter of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $ 840,000 earlier this month . ` I ca n't say I regret posting . I feel strongly about morals and belief . But the response : These people are using every tactic imaginable to absolutely destroy my business , ' he told MLive . In a second Facebook post on Thursday he reiterated his intention that he would ` stand firm on my views . ' He also attempted to explain that his nuts and bolts analogy was a reference to male and female reproductive organs rather than a threat to deliberately sabotage vehicles . It 's unclear if Klawiter has actually refused service to someone because of their sexuality , but as the law stands he would not face any charges as Michigan has no statewide LGBT nondiscrimination protections at present . ` I also am not asking for anyone to do the gofundme postings . We are a successful business and are blessed to be able to feed our families . If there is any money raised it will be redistributed to people with greater needs than ours , ' he wrote on Facebook . It remains to be seen how Klawiter 's business is impacted by his comments in the long run , but ThinkProgress reports that Cummins , Inc - a Fortune 500 company that manufactures engines - has notified him not to use its logo on his shop 's webpage . Klawiter posted a rant on his business ' Facebook page on Tuesday in which he said he was a Christian , that he would refuse to service to an openly gay person and that people with guns would get a discount .