This is the dramatic moment a golden retriever had to be rescued from the water after being swept half a mile out to sea while playing on the shoreline . Ten-year-old Martha had been with her owner on the beach in Leasowe in Merseyside and was paddling in the water when she was caught out by a strong current . And with the strength of the outgoing tide , the dog was rapidly swept out to sea with her owner launching their own rescue attempt . New Brighton RNLI crew spot golden retriever Martha in the water after she was swept out to sea by the tide . The crew members lean over the side of the lifeboat as they attempt to pluck Martha from the freezing water . But as they were unable to save their pet , New Brighton 's RNLI crew were called and managed to find Martha who was cold and shivering . They then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her by the collar . The lifeboat 's senior helmsman Dave Lowe said : ` Although sea conditions were calm it was still very difficult to spot the dog . Martha was successfully pulled on to the lifeboat after being found cold and shivering half a mile out to sea . The pet is brought to shore by the RNLI , who have warned about the importance of owners not attempting to rescue their pets , who get into difficulty at sea . ` When we eventually reached her we just managed to get hold of her collar then got her into the lifeboat . ` Although she had been swimming well she was cold and shivering and we wrapped her up in survival bag and calmed her down then took her to the lifeboat station where we were met by her very relieved owner . ' But despite the crew successfully rescuing Martha , they have warned about the importance of owners not attempting to rescue their pets , who get into difficulty at sea . Martha with the RNLI crew who rescued her from the sea by grabbing her collar and pulling her into the lifeboat . Ian Thornton , deputy launch authority at New Brighton who oversaw the RNLI operation from shore added : ` This is the second dog rescue in recent weeks with the strong potential of the owners going in to the sea to attempt a rescue , fortunately this time it did not end in tragedy . ` It also follows on from a series of call outs to assist dog walkers who have been cut off by the tide in recent months . ` We can not stress once again the importance of knowing the local tide times . In this area the tides come in fast via gullies so people end up cut off from shore several hours before high tide . ' When high tide is passed then the tide retreats equally quickly with many strong and dangerous currents ready to sweep humans and animals away . '