The family of a murdered mother have spoken of their fury after it was revealed that she tried to call 999 hours before she was killed but call handlers failed to alert police . Karen Catherall , 45 , was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys , who she met only weeks earlier on dating site Plenty of Fish . The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in Gwernaffield near Mold , Flintshire , North Wales , when Jeffreys , 47 , followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage . Scroll down for video . Karen Catherall , 45 , -LRB- right -RRB- was brutally murdered by Darren Jefferys -LRB- left -RRB- who she met on a dating site just weeks before her death . He was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in February . He only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought Ms Catherall was sleeping , but later admitted murder and was jailed for life in February . Police have since told the family that the mother-of-two made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub , which went through to BT to deal with . Operators at the telecommunications company connects both mobile and landline numbers with the requested emergency service and follow strict protocol . But when Ms Catherall called on September 13 , last year , the call handler said they could not hear anything and therefore did not connect the call to the police or send help . Her mother , Glenys Keir , 74 , and sister Lorraine Humphreys , 49 , have slammed BT for not taking action at the time which they claim could have saved their sister . However , BT says its handlers acted appropriately and in line with police guidance not to pass on calls where there is ` nothing to indicate there is any problem ' . Mrs Keir said : ` When we found out Karen had been murdered our whole world fell apart . ` But as we were starting to come to terms with it all , to then hear that a 999 call had been made from her mobile the night she died , it stirred up all of those emotions we had felt when we first found out Karen had been killed . Her family -LRB- mother , Glenys Keir , left , and sister , Lorraine Humphreys , right -RRB- were told by police that she had tried to make a 999 call just hours before her murder but the call was ended when operated got no response . Ms Catherall -LRB- left -RRB- had been drinking in the pub with Jeffreys -LRB- right -RRB- when he followed her home on September 13 , last year . He did n't call paramedics until the following morning , claiming he thought she was asleep . ` It left us feeling sick to the stomach , devastated and fuming , knowing no one was there for Karen when she needed help . ` If they had got to her in time Karen might still be alive . She could have been here today . Now we 'll always wonder if that may have been possible . ' Police confirmed a 999 call was made from her mobile phone to BT at around 7 pm but it was disconnected after around 13 seconds and officers were not informed . Glenys Kier and her partner Esmor Evans leaving Mold Crown Court following the trial of their daughter 's killer , Darren Jeffreys . The phone call was later enhanced by detectives , who discovered arguing could be heard in the background . Ms Catherall 's family are calling on BT to review their procedures , and answer questions about the call . Mrs Keir said : ` Apparently the person who picked up believed there was silence at the end of the line . They must have assumed 999 had been dialled accidentally . ` It does n't bear thinking about what might have happened if BT had connected the call to the police . ' Ms Catherall 's sister , Mrs Humphreys , a catering supervisor , added : ` You regularly hear of toddlers playing with their mum 's mobile phone and ringing the emergency services by mistake . ` In those instances , the police often seem to trace the call and turn up on the doorstep . ` We want to know why that did n't happen when in this situation Karen so desperately needed their help . ` We know the police are n't to blame as they never received the call , but BT should be looking into this and reviewing their policies . ` The call might have been muffled or quiet at the other end of the line , but surely it 's better to put it through to the police so they can send an officer and be safe rather than sorry . ` Who knows what the outcome might have been if they had reached her in time ? We do n't want any other families to lose a loved one and go through the pain we have . ' A BT spokesman said : ` North Wales Police contacted BT on September 24 , 2014 about whether we received an emergency call from a mobile phone number and we provided them with full details including a call recording . ` Our records show that we received the call at approximately 19.07 on September 13 , 2014 . ` There was no response to our operator 's questioning and our operator heard nothing to indicate there was any problem before the caller ended the call after about 13 seconds . ` Police forces have requested that we do not connect such calls to them and our operator correctly followed the call handling process requested by the police . ' Ms Catherall 's family -LRB- pictured outside court -RRB- are calling on BT to review their procedures following the call . The 999 emergency number was set up in London in June 1937 after five women were killed in a fire . A committee discussed how telephone operators could identify emergency calls and the easy to remember 999 number was born . It was later rolled out in Glasgow and extended to all major towns and cities by 1948 . Since then it has expanded massively with an average of 597,000 calls a week across the UK . BT operators answer the initial call from both landlines and mobiles and find out which emergency service is required before connecting the caller . The handler has to quickly establish whether the call is genuine before transferring them . In instances where they are met with silence they ask the caller to respond by either making a noise or coughing . This can narrow down the number of accidental or prank calls made , which account for about half of the 31 million calls made annually . Of the remaining 15.5 million , 52 per cent go to police , 41 per cent to ambulance service , six per cent for fire and one per cent to the coastguard and cave and mountain rescue services . The spokesman also explained that in cases where they get no response from the caller , the operator will ask whether they can make a noise or cough . In this instance Ms Catherall apparently made no response and the phone call was terminated . Detective Inspector Mark Hughes , senior investigating officer at North Wales Police , confirmed the call . He said : ` During the early evening of September 13 , 2014 , a 999 call was made from the mobile phone of Karen Catherall . ` The phone call was received by the telephone company operator and managed in accordance with their policy but not directed onto North Wales Police , nor in fact any police force . ` I understand the circumstances surrounding the management of this phone call are now being reviewed by the Telephone Company following a request by Karen 's family . ' It was not until the early hours of the following morning , at 2.35 am , that Jeffeys called emergency services , claiming that he thought she was sleeping off the alcohol and he was unable to wake her . But paramedics who arrived at the house found she had been dead for some time and there was also evidence he had tried to cover up the killing , Mold Crown Court was told . A post mortem examination revealed that her cause of death had been blunt force trauma to the head and asphyxiation . Jeffreys had denied killing his girlfriend when interviewed by police , but in December last year admitted the murder . Mr Justice Wyn Williams , hearing the case , said Jeffreys subjected Ms Catherall ` to a ferocious , sustained and in the end deadly attack ' . He was sentenced to a minimum of 17 and a half years in prison .