A couple of wartime sweethearts who were married for almost 72 years have been buried next to each other after dying days apart . Ronald Pearson and his wife Miriam met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police and she the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the Second World War . They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester , welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating VE day . After almost 72 years together , Mrs Pearson , 95 , died last month . Her husband followed two days later aged 94 . Ronald and Miriam Pearson died last month within two days of each other . The couple , who met during the war , had been married for almost 72 years . Mr and Mrs Pearson met during the War when he was working as a sergeant for the RAF police and she a driver for the Auxiliary Territorial Service . Their marriage was described as ` the greatest true love story ' at a joint funeral held at Blacon Crematorium which saw the couple buried side by side . ` It 's nice that they are going together ; it 's what they would have wanted . They 'll be next to each other , like they always were , ' said their daughter , Jenny Ledger , 68 . Their daughter , Jenny Ledger , 68 , said : ` It 's nice that they are going together ; it 's what they would have wanted . They 'll be next to each other , like they always were . ' Mr and Mrs Pearson met in Buckley in North Wales during the Second World War . At the time he was a sergeant in the RAF police , and she a driver for the Auxiliary Territorial Service based in Kinmel Park near Abergele . After meeting at the Albert Hall dance hall , they married before the war was over . Taking the service , funeral celebrant Mary McDonald said Mr Pearson had seen ` a lovely young woman and went over to ask her to dance ' . ` That was the beginning of a beautiful love story - one that lasted over 70 years . They never looked back . They both knew they were meant for each other . ' After marrying before the end of the war the couple settled in Broughton near Chester to raise their ` adored ' family . They went on to have two children , Jennifer and Mark , with Mr Pearson taking up work with British Aerospace in Broughton . After welcoming five grandchildren and two great-grandchildren , the couple remained in their home until October , when they both moved to Countess of Chester Hospital , Cheshire . Mrs Pearson died on March 13 , her husband following just two days later . At the service at Blacon Crematorium , family members paid tribute to the ` inseparable ' couple . Great granddaughter Amy Griffiths read a personal tribute recalling a kaleidoscope of memories , including caravan holidays , football and cricket on the beach and ` always a polo mint in Grandad 's pocket ' . ` Never been apart - together for ever and always in life and afterlife , ' she wrote . ` The greatest true love story . ' Concluding the service , Mrs McDonald said : ` They left their earthly lives together . ` They could not be separated . ' They were buried in a joint funeral this week where mourners heard how theirs was the ` greatest true love story '