An amorous Italian couple have been fined £ 9,000 for having such noisy sex that it forced their neighbours to move out . The pair , who are in their 30s , were convicted of noise pollution and harassment for the ` raucous screams ' during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in the northern town of San Martino . Their long-suffering neighbours , who first took them to court in 2009 , described the wails of passion as ` deafening ' and said it kept them and their two children awake . The couple , who are in their 30s , have been ordered to pay £ 9,000 after being convicted of noise pollution and harassment for the ` deafening ' screams during sex sessions at their home in San Martino , Italy -LRB- file picture -RRB- . The man , who has not been named , was sentenced to four months in prison in 2011 , and his fiancée given a noise abatement order . But the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay £ 7,000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere , and £ 2,000 in legal fees . The apartment next door to the noisy couple currently remains unoccupied , the Provincia Pavese newspaper said . It comes less than six months after a woman from Tyne and Wear , in the north east of England , was given a 12-week jail term and a four-year anti-social behaviour order -LRB- ASBO -RRB- for having noisy sex . Neighbours complained about Caroline Cartwright 's loud screams during sex sessions with her husband of 38 years and moaned that they could hear the bed banging against the wall from the adjacent house . At the time , Mrs Cartwright explained : ` It was a metal headboard so it used to bang on the wall . ` There was no carpet back then , so when you have sex , the bed goes back and forward . ` If you get to a point where the bed 's banging on the wall , you 're not going to stop , are you ? ` As far as I 'm concerned , that 's what you should be doing . Just relax . Go with the flow . It 's not as if I 'm having sex and think : `` Oh , I 'm making too much noise . I better be quiet '' . ' Mrs Cartwright was initially handed a noise abatement order which was later upgraded to an ASBO after she breached the order five times . The ASBO forbade her from ` shouting , screaming and vocalisation ' during sex or from playing loud music . Caroline Cartwright , from Tyne and Wear , was jailed for 12 weeks and handed a four-year ASBO for having noisy sex with her husband of 38 years , Steve . Neighbours complained about Mrs Cartwright 's loud screams . Caroline and Steve -LRB- pictured together above leaving court last year -RRB- were visited by police countless times after neighbours complained their sex sessions were loud enough to drown out television programmes . However , in a bid to get around the restrictions , Mrs Cartwright switched her sex sessions to the morning leaving neighbours - who complained that she was noisy enough to drown out their TVs - less than impressed . ` I was n't supposed to make excessive noise that could be heard in a neighbouring property or outside , ' she explained . Mrs Cartwright was later arrested and admits she was even having sex with her husband Steve when police arrived to take to her into custody . The 53-year-old was taken to court , handed an eight-week suspended prison sentence and forced to live in a bail hostel for weeks . A year later , and after scores more complaints and visits from the police , she was again arrested for breaching her ASBO following two police callouts in two days . Again , she was handed a suspended sentence , this time for 12 weeks , and sent to live in a bail hostel where she was held alongside serious criminals , including murderers . However , despite her convictions , Mrs Cartwright , who has since bought a less noisy wooden bed , remains adamant that she 's done nothing wrong . She said : ` I do n't see why I should stop having sex in my own house with my husband of 38 years . ` I 'm sure there could be a lot worse things I could be doing . They all thought it was stupid I was in prison . ` I mean I was in the same prison as people like Rose West for making a noise when I have sex . There could be a real crime going on while they 're busy arresting me . '