Police were twice called to an aircraft when ` disruptive ' passengers mutinied over being stranded on the tarmac for five hours after their plane was diverted . Pilots of the Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night after severe winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester , where the plane was due to arrive at 7 pm . Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive at the airport . Scroll down for video . Revolt : Footage taken in Manchester Airport , pictured , shows passengers becoming frustrated with airport staff after the events in Birmingham caused a knock-on delay to the aircraft 's return flight to Doha . Frustration : Passengers are filmed at Manchester airport . Police were first called to Birmingham after passengers started ` kicking off ' , according to one witness . Officers returned two hours later . Police were first called to the tarmac when some passengers ` kicked off ' , according to one witness . Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark . Meanwhile , footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff after the events in Birmingham caused a knock-on delay to the aircraft 's return flight to Doha . Some claimed they had been waiting in the airport for up to 24 hours after earlier delays . Passengers in Birmingham were eventually allowed off the aircraft and were later bused to Manchester . But some claimed they were left waiting hours for transport and did not arrive until 7 am . Delay : A Qatar Airways spokeswoman apologised for the delay , which she said occurred after strong winds meant the aircraft could n't land at Manchester . Above , passengers in Manchester airport who were delayed . One passenger who was on the tarmac and asked not to be named , said : ` We were told they were waiting for refuelling and then a new crew . ` Some passengers started kicking off so the police were called . An old lady next to me was shivering so we asked for blankets but there were n't enough . ` When we got home I had to sleep for two days to recover . ' A Qatar Airways spokeswoman apologised for the delay , which she said occurred after strong winds meant the aircraft could n't land at Manchester . She said after the diversion it was unable to fly back to Manchester as the operating crew exceeded their legal flying hours by the time the aircraft had been refuelled . Passengers and crew safety , she said , were the number one priority and a new crew was taken to Birmingham as fast as possible , at which point the aircraft took off for Manchester . She added : ` In the meantime , Qatar Airways arranged for the transportation of the passengers to Manchester . ' West Midlands Police have confirmed reports of ` disruptive passengers ' at 10.30 pm . Officers boarded and spoke to passengers and crew and no complaints were made . But a spokesman added : ` A further delay in the flight 's departure resulted in officers being called again two hours later after passengers became angry and some tried to disembark . ` The airline decided to cancel the flight and transport the passengers to Manchester by road . ' Passengers were finally allowed into the terminal , but claim they then waited until 5.30 am for a bus to Manchester , arriving at around 7 am . Safety : A spokeswoman for Qatar Airways said passenger and crew safety were the number one priority and a new crew was taken to Birmingham as fast as possible , at which point the aircraft took off . Stock image . Meanwhile , passengers waiting at Manchester Airport for the return flight to Doha were also delayed . They were filmed as they grew increasingly frustrated with staff . Footage was later uploaded to YouTube . The caption on the video claims some people had been waiting more than 24 hours after their flight the night before was cancelled . It added that ` zero information was given for the delay ' or about connecting flights . On Tuesday , seven flights were diverted out of Manchester Airport due to windy weather . Qatar Airways has been asked for a response regarding the video showing passenger anger at Manchester Airport .