THE WILD OATS PROJECT . by Robin Rinaldi . -LRB- Hodder £ 14.99 -RRB- . At the age of 42 , San Francisco-based journalist Robin Rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed - for child . The pregnancy test turned out to be wrong , but her husband Scott was n't taking any more chances : he got a vasectomy . Rinaldi 's response was to demand an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months . She 's now written a graphic , tell-all memoir about that year and its very messy fallout . Robin Rinaldi -LRB- pictured -RRB- demanded an open marriage from her husband , Scott after he had a vasectomy . When they met , 17 years earlier , Rinaldi was n't sure she wanted kids . As her biological clock began ticking louder , though , a child came to embody the solution to all sorts of problems . It would strengthen their marriage of opposites , help her finally overcome a troubled childhood as the daughter of an alcoholic bookie and give her life a sense of purpose . Her husband , meanwhile , was adamantly against it from the start . For reasons she never quite gets to the bottom of , he has no desire ever to become a father . She depicts him as stable and stoic but , frankly , he sounds a bit of a cold fish , spending much of his spare time making mead , keeping a file on his laptop entitled My World View and refusing to look her in the eye during sex . After his vasectomy , Rinaldi 's discontent settles onto her failure to sleep around when she was single . ` I refuse to go to my grave with no children and only four lovers , ' she declares . ` If I ca n't have one , I must have the other . ' Promiscuity , she 's certain , will enable her to look back from her deathbed and feel she 's lived . Instead of ending her marriage , she strikes a bargain that seems to give her the best of both worlds . During the week , Rinaldi lives in a rented studio , free to have as much casual sex as she likes . She picks up men on business trips , places ` good girl seeks experience ' ads online and , eventually , gravitates to an urban sex commune , where very hands-on orgasmic meditation is practised twice daily . Come the weekend , she returns to Scott and their cat Cleo -- no questions asked . Reading about her Wild Oats Project , it 's hard to know what 's more astonishing -- that Scott ever agreed to this 5:2 open marriage or that Rinaldi thought it could possibly solve anything . Full disclosure : some years ago , I published a memoir about my own year-long experiment -- with chastity . Afterwards , several people told me I should write a follow-up in which I did the exact opposite . I assumed they were joking , but that 's more or less precisely what Rinaldi has done . Not that it is n't titillating stuff -- at least to begin with . What she craves most especially is dirty talk , and she gives as good as she gets . There 's no hint of coyness as she details every sexual act she participates in along the way . As it gets steamier , her prose flushes a deep purple . There 's also some truly terrible dialogue . ` Hmmm , ' she says , after being given technique tips by a 23-year-old she 's just slept with . ` Roger that . ' Reading about another person 's orgasms turns out to be just as dull as flipping through their dream journal . Of her 12 partners , most are younger and two are women , one of whom agrees to a threesome . Yet they soon start to merge . This is California , and every other lover seems to be a vegan or a healer or a vegan healer . They strum her songs they 've written as she fries them soya sausages . Only one of them really gets to her . Alden is a writer in his late-30s . They meet online and quickly tumble into bed . ` In his sheets , I uncovered women who had lain dormant in me for years , ' she trills . He tells her she 's a goddess and that he worships her -- until he ends it , abruptly . Later , when Rinaldi 's year is up and she finds herself back living full-time with Scott , trying to patch up their -- you guessed it -- deeply fractured intimacy , it 's an email from Alden that finally derails everything . As more women cross childless into middle-age , there 's undoubtedly a book to be written about their journey . This is not it . In fact , Rinaldi seems able to define herself solely in relation to her fertility and her allure to men . So much for her feminism . To be fair , it is n't entirely devoid of self-criticism . Narcissistic , naïve , unfair : these are all words she applies to herself at various moments . But , in addition to being myopically self-absorbed , this is also a sad book . By the time you reach the end , any gains she 's made are balanced by some considerable losses . And then there 's the book 's dedication . To Ruby , it reads -- Ruby being the name she planned to give the child she 's now unlikely ever to have .