Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against Manchester United specifically to stop Marouane Fellaini from continuing his good form at Stamford Bridge , according to Jose Mourinho . The big Belgian has shone under Louis van Gaal in recent weeks but he endured an evening to forget as the 20-year-old man-marked him superbly during the Blues ' 1-0 victory . Mourinho gave an insight into his instructions to Zouma after the game , explaining that he 'd asked the young Frenchman to turn the match into a '10 against 10 ' clash . Chelsea 's Kurt Zouma tussles with Marouane Fellaini during his side 's 1-0 win against Manchester United . Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role so that he could deal with the threat of United star Fellaini . Speaking to chelseafc.com after the final whistle , Mourinho said : ` I told Zouma I want the game to be 10 against 10 , I did n't want the game to be 11 against 11 . ` During the week we were working for that and the game was 10 against 10 . ' Zouma , who also played in midfield away at West Ham and in the Capital One Cup final against Tottenham , was pleased with the job he did against the ` on fire ' ex-Everton man . He said : ` I had to stay with -LSB- Marouane -RSB- Fellaini because we knew he is on fire at the moment . ` He has scored a lot of goals so I had to keep an eye on him , and I think I did it well . I had to be physical with him and stay close to him . ` The game was very difficult . The most important thing was that we had one chance and we scored . We defended very well . Manchester United did n't have many chances to score . We stayed compact . ' Zouma wrestles Fellaini to the ground as Chelsea continued their bid for a fourth Premier League title . Fellaini has been in excellent form but he was unable to impact the game with Zouma watching his every move . Mourinho was similarly impressed with the performance of the former Saint-Etienne starlet , adding : ` See the jobs he is doing for us , as a central defender playing against -LSB- Sergio -RSB- Aguero , as a central defender playing against -LSB- Raheem -RSB- Sterling . ` He played as the holding midfield player against Tottenham in a system with only one holding midfield player . ` Against Man United he played to stop Fellaini from playing in the box . He is doing amazing jobs for us . He is mentally very , very strong , too . Not just physically , mentally he is very strong . ` He 's learned a lot from a tactical point of view since his arrival . So we can imagine with him being aged 20 , Chelsea has 10 years of Zouma . ' Jose Mourinho believes that Zouma could play for Chelsea for at least the next 10 years .