A student who identifies as gender neutral claims a Whataburger in Austin , Texas denied service because the student was wearing lingerie . Tyler Grant , a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as ` they , ' ` them ' , or ` their ' instead of ` he , ' or ` she , ' and sometimes wears women 's clothing . Video footage posted to Twitter from early on Sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in ` inappropriate attire , ' reports The Houston Chronicle . Scroll down for video . Denied entry : Tyler Grant , pictured outside a Whataburger on Sunday morning , claims the restaurant denied service because Grant was wearing a dress . Gender queer : Tyler Grant identifies as gender queer and though Grant was assigned a male , Grant sometimes likes to wear women 's dresses . Austin , Texas has a non-discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based on their sexuality . Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant 's gender identity . ` I really believe it was transphobia-driven and I do n't think it had anything to do with what I was wearing , ' Grant told The Houston Chronicle . Whataburger claims they denied Grant not because of gender identity but because Grant was wearing too revealing an outfit to be let inside . ` Whataburger is proud to serve all customers regardless of race , gender or orientation . This was n't an issue of gender but of appropriate attire as this guest was dressed in lingerie . Again , we welcome everyone into our restaurants but our customers ' experience is our top priority . We are reviewing these events with our team members and will take appropriate action if needed , ' said the restaurant . Grant wrote on Facebook that after being denied entry early on Sunday morning , Grant decided to go back to the restaurant to express sadness at not being let in . May press charges : Tyler Grant is a patron of the Whataburger and may decide to press charges against the restaurant popular among students at the University of Texas . Chameleon : Tyler Grant likes to model many different looks despite being assigned male . Pretty in purple : Grant is proud to wear a variety of different outfits and feels as though the restaurant was discriminatory . Supporting a cause : Tyler Grant is an advocate for gender rights and is against discrimination . Grant says the female employee explained Grant was not let in because Grant was ` wearing see-through clothing ' . The student says that their clothing was not see-through and that they were wearing hip and butt pads along with two pairs of dancers tights and three pairs of nude pantyhose . ` If it were see-through , then she would have seen my brightly colored underwear , ' Grant said on Facebook . Grant says the argument over entry began when an off-duty officer from the Texas Department of Safety told Grant and a friend who were walking barefoot to put on shoes . Grant said that they would agree by putting on high-heeled shoes . ` Wait , are you a dude ? the off-duty officer allegedly told them . That 's when the officer went to fetch the manager who said Grant could not enter . Grant is a patron of the establishment and may choose to pursue legal action .