War veteran : Arthur Townsend , 92 , supported himself with his Zimmer frame at Basildon Magistrates ' Court as he admitted criminal damage . A 92-year-old Second World War veteran has avoided jail despite pouring paint stripper over a van owned by a female friend 's son because of the way he treated her . Arthur Townsend , who lives in a care home in Epping , Essex , poured the product over a Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter - the son of his friend Olive Carter , 96 . Townsend carried out the attack after becoming angry with Mr Carter , who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business . The retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to Mr Carter 's address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van , causing more than £ 2,000 of damage . Townsend - of previous good character - was arrested and charged with criminal damage . He supported himself with his Zimmer frame as he admitted the single charge at Basildon Magistrates ' Court last Friday . Remi Alabi , prosecuting , said : ` On December 18 last year , Townsend asked a friend if she could drive him to a local address . ` When Mr Townsend got into the car the friend saw a jar containing a brown liquid . ` When she parked 40 yards away , she saw Mr Townsend in her rear-view mirror and he was emptying a jar of brown liquid onto the front of the van . ' The court heard the damage to the Mercedes van totalled £ 2,190 . Stephen Sparkes , defending , said the veteran made a full admission during a police interview . He said : ` One of the key issues is the complainant runs a company and his 96-year-old mother , Olive , was made to stay at the address to receive packages . Residence : Retired antiques restorer Townsend lives in this care home -LRB- above -RRB- in Epping , Essex . He carried out the attack after becoming angry with Martin Carter - the son of his friend Olive Carter , 96 . Vehicle : A file picture of a Mercedes Sprinter van - the model of vehicle that was damaged by Townsend . ` Mr Townsend was not happy with the way her son was treating him and her . On one occasion Martin Carter swore at Mr Townsend . He resides in a care home and is of previous good character . ` He worked as an antiques restorer and he has known the claimant for 45 years . ' Mr Sparkes said that after Townsend 's wife died in 1995 he became good friends with Mrs Carter . He added : ` Mr Townsend has done a lot for the family over the years . He has given them financial help and has restored antiques for them . ' Sentencing , magistrate Dorothy Hammond said : ` For this offence we are going to go out of our guidelines . There is a quotation of damage but we have no reason to know that amount was paid . ' Townsend was told to pay Mr Carter £ 500 compensation and court costs of £ 85 at the hearing .