An Indiana woman who police say duped a new mother into believing she was a child-welfare worker so she could stab the mom and steal her baby to pass off as her own was charged Monday . Madison County prosecutors filed paperwork in Circuit Court charging Geraldine Jones , 36 , with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of Samantha Fleming , 23 , of Anderson . Police Sgt Chad Boynton said Monday afternoon police had not yet been in contact with Jones , of Gary , who police say is being treated in Texas for depression . Scroll down for video . Geraldine Jones , 36 , of Gary , Indiana , was charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement . Samantha Fleming and her three-week old baby went missing from her home in Anderson , Indiana , on April 5 . Police believe Fleming , 23 , was lured from her home by Jones and the new mother brought Serenity with her . Authorities in Texas have taken precautions to make sure Jones ca n't leave the hospital and Indiana police are hoping to begin extradition proceedings , Fox 59 reported . Sgt Boynton said : ` We are making preparations to initiate conversation just as soon as possible . ' Fleming was living with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her three-week-old baby Serenity on April 5 . Police investigating Fleming 's disappearance on Friday found her body in Jones ' home in Gary , about 165 miles northwest of Anderson . She had been stabbed , wrapped in plastic and soaked with bleach . When police arrived , Fleming 's daughter was being held by Jones ' sister , who told police she had been caring for her sister 's child while her sister was in Texas . Police determined the child was Fleming 's and the baby was returned to relatives in Indianapolis . Authorities say they believe Jones got Fleming to travel to northwest Indiana by telling her she worked for the Indiana Department of Child Services and she needed to attend a hearing . Serenity was being held by Jones ' sister , who told police she had been caring for her sister 's young child . A woman called Fleming 's mother before she disappeared saying she was with DCS and wanted information . Indiana State Personnel Department spokeswoman Ashley Emsweller Hungate said no one named Geraldine Jones or with the name of her sister has ever worked for DCS . Police believe Jones may have faked being pregnant , telling family she was expecting twins . Boynton said police do n't know how the woman was able to convince Fleming she worked for DCS , but he said Fleming did have previous contact with DCS . He said : ` So therefore the ploy that the suspect used to get her to leave Anderson and head to Lake County may have been more believable in her mind . ' Police say a woman called Fleming 's mother before she disappeared and said she was with DCS and was seeking information about Fleming and her daughter . The body of Fleming was found stabbed , doused in bleach and wrapped in plastic inside this home in Gary . Authorities said the woman provided legitimate names of DCS employees and implied she was familiar with Fleming 's case history . DCS spokesman James Wide said he could n't comment on whether Fleming had a DCS case because of privacy laws . Wide said DCS is leaving the investigation into how the woman may have tricked Fleming into thinking she worked for DCS up to police . ` There 's nothing internally being initiated from it , but we definitely will comply with law enforcement and help them where we can , ' he said .