Desperate Chicago Cubs fans were forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at Wrigley Field stretched through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day . The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms and according to those who were there , some were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line . Traumatized fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine , as the modernization of Wrigley Field reduced the famous stadium to a potential public health disaster . Scroll down for video . Busting : The line for the restroom can be seen snaking its way to the bathroom which is visible in the top left of the picture . Almost there : Disgruntled and disgusted fans uploaded pictures to social media revealing their trauma in getting to the bathroom . Indeed , the Cubs admitted as much on Sunday as thousands of the 35,000 fans in attendance struggled to get to the bathroom . ` Opening Day at Wrigley Field has always brought challenges with wait times and tonight was particularly extreme , ' Cubs spokesman Julian Green said in a statement published after the Cubs had lost to the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 . Stinking the field and the stands out , the Cubs and Wrigley Field claimed the problem began when two bathrooms on the upper deck ` went down temporarily . ' This came at a time when the stadium was ` already experiencing issues with long wait times . ' Social media was flooded with complaints . Opening day : A general shot of Wrigley Field during batting practice prior to a game between the Chicago Cubs and the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday night . ` I 'm all for renovating , but I 've now missed two innings trying to get into the bathroom , ' said James Hillebrand in a tweet . While Cubs fan Russ Stubenruch said , ` The lines were obnoxiously long compared to what you would normally get . ' One fan who identified herself as Libby , told Deadspin that the whole scene was a horror show . ` Yes , fans were peeing in cups tonight . They were peeing EVERYWHERE . I heard there were only two working bathrooms - I know the lines were horrific and I also know that some were shut down early on because toilets just would n't flush . ' Cubs spokesman Julian Green said that ` with 35,000 fans showing up in the ballpark tonight , we were simply not prepared to handle guests during peak periods . We have high standards for service and we missed the mark tonight . ` We want to apologize to our fans for the inconvenience tonight , ' he added . ` Moving forward we plan to supplement the existing restrooms with additional portable units and will continue to monitor wait times . '