An Aer Lingus flight from Dublin to Vienna yesterday had to return after suffering from technical issues . The airline said that flight EI 660 had left Dublin at 8.30 am and was forced to land back at the same airport at 9.20 am , with 120 passengers on board . It was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency , and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause . An Aer Lingus flight was forced to return to the Dublin Airport less than an hour into its journey after it had ` technical issues ' The incident was the second one of the day for Dublin Airport , after two Ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway causing part of one of the winglets to be ripped off . An Aer Lingus spokesperson told the Irish Independent : ` A short time -LSB- after departure -RSB- a technical issue arose and the captain made the decision to return to Dublin . ' ` As part of normal precautionary procedure , emergency services were on standby . ` The aircraft will undergo inspection . ' According to airportwebcams.net , the pilot had detected fumes on board , which had been discovered after their checklist was completed . All passengers were accommodated on alternative aircraft and proceeded with their journey . AirLive tweeted the change in plane direction to their followers on twitter . Twitter user Norah King was on the redirected flight and tweeted the update in her journey . The airline tweeted about the event , reassuring the public that the plane had landed safely back at Dublin . Plane tracking website AirLive.net tweeted that it had turned around just as it had started over Wales . The incident happened an hour after the two Ryanair planes clipped each other on the ground at the same airport , resulting in part of one of the winglets hanging off . No passengers were injured when the collision occurred , shortly before 8 am , but disruption occurred for hundreds of travellers . MailOnline has contacted Aer Lingus for further comment . The incident was the second incident of the day at the airport , after two Ryanair planes collided breaking one of the winglets .