The German government had been warned of a heightened risk of flying over eastern Ukraine just days before the MH17 disaster last year , it has been claimed . Despite being told of the risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash , Germany failed to pass on the warning , local media reported . Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine on July 17 , and all 298 aboard were killed . Warning : Despite being told of the risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables two days before the MH17 crash , the German government failed to pass on the warning . German foreign ministry cables sent on July 15 , cited an incident from the day before when a Ukrainian air force plane was shot down at around 20,000 feet over rebel-held territory . German intelligence had repeatedly warned of the risk to aviation security , and had assessed the downing of the Ukrainian military plane on July 14 as a ` significant development because of its altitude ' , German public TV channels NDR and WDR and Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported . Earlier this month , the Dutch government - which lost 189 citizens in the disaster - said that , with nearly all of the victims identified , efforts had shifted to finding those responsible for shooting the plane down as it flew over Ukraine last July . After a meeting of foreign ministers from Malaysia , Ukraine and Australia on the sidelines of a cyber-security conference in The Hague , Holland 's Foreign Minister Bert Koenders said there was general agreement on this course of action . Tragedy : Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine on July 17 last year , and all 298 aboard were killed . ` Now that we 're very far with repatriation -LRB- of the victims ' remains -RRB- , investigation and prosecution are becoming more central , ' Koenders said in a statement . ` The ministers believe that prosecution is not only important for the countries with victims on board . Civil aviation is vulnerable and every safety violation is a concern shared worldwide . ' Forensics laboratories in the Netherlands have identified remains of 296 of the 298 MH17 victims and recovered large parts of the wreckage for investigation . Prosecutors are testing the theory that the plane was shot down by a surface-to-air BUK missile fired from an area held by pro-Russian forces . Because two-thirds of the victims were Dutch citizens , the Netherlands is leading several post-crash investigations . The final report is due to be published in October .