The Cheyenne Mountain Complex is one of the icons of the Cold War - a self-contained and sufficient town buried under the Rockies meant to be impervious to a Soviet nuclear barrage . It was home to the North American Aerospace Command -LRB- NORAD -RRB- , scanning the skies for Russian missiles and the military command and control center of the United States in the event of World War Three . The high tech base entered popular culture with appearances in the 1983 Cold War thriller War Games and 1994 's Stargate - which imagined the complex as a clandestine home for intergalactic travel . Scroll down for video . Secret : The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built for NORAD to direct the American response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War . Protection : There are 15 three story building inside the military complex and each is buffered by a 25-ton blast door . Small town : The Cheyenne Mountain Complex is home to more than 1,000 personnel and is able to operate as an underground town for months with fresh water and food . It shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside , but this week the Pentagon announced that Cheyenne Mountain will once again be home to the most advanced tracking and communications equipment in the United States military . The shift to the Cheyenne Mountain base in Colorado is designed to safeguard the command 's sensitive sensors and servers from a potential electromagnetic pulse -LRB- EMP -RRB- attack , military officers said . The Pentagon last week announced a $ 700 million contract with Raytheon Corporation to oversee the work for North American Aerospace Command -LRB- NORAD -RRB- and US Northern Command . Admiral William Gortney , head of NORAD and Northern Command , said that ` because of the very nature of the way that Cheyenne Mountain 's built , it 's EMP-hardened . ' Power : At its height Cheyenne was home to NORAD who watched 7,000 aircraft per day as part of their surveillance operations . Headquarters : The US and Canadian military jointly operated NORAD from within Cheyenne and soldiers from north of the border made up 15 percent of the personnel at the base . Around-the-clock crews monitor U.S. skies from the command center of the Northern Command located deep within Cheyenne Mountain at the foot of the Rocky Mountains near Colorado Springs , Colorado in 2002 . ` And so , there 's a lot of movement to put capability into Cheyenne Mountain and to be able to communicate in there , ' Gortney told reporters . ` My primary concern was ... are we going to have the space inside the mountain for everybody who wants to move in there , and I 'm not at liberty to discuss who 's moving in there , ' he said . The Cheyenne mountain bunker is a half-acre cavern carved into a mountain in the 1960s that was designed to withstand a Soviet nuclear attack . From inside the massive complex , airmen were poised to send warnings that could trigger the launch of nuclear missiles . But in 2006 , officials decided to move the headquarters of NORAD and US Northern Command from Cheyenne to Petersen Air Force base in Colorado Springs . The Cheyenne bunker was designated as an alternative command center if needed . Almost 10 years ago , the military closed the secretive defense complex carved into Cheyenne Mountain that for decades monitored American skies for threats . The North American Aerospace Defense Command operations center was moved to nearby Peterson Air Force Base , which is home to the U.S. Northern Command created after the Sept. 11 attacks . Cheyenne Mountain Complex is 2,000 feet below the granite rocks and made up of 15 three-story buildings protected from nuclear blasts and seismic movement by a system of 1,000 giant springs . The entire complex is designed to withstand a direct hit by a 30 megaton nuclear explosion and has 25-ton blast doors surrounding the complex . NORAD , a joint U.S. and Canadian command , was set up in the 1960s to monitor the skies for threats like missiles , aircraft and space objects . In 2006 , Adm. Tim Keating , who commanded both NORAD and the U.S. Northern Command , said the government 's best intelligence ` led them to believe a missile attack from China or Russia was very unlikely . ' Cold War heroes : The Cheyenne mountain bunker is a half-acre cavern carved into a mountain in the 1960s that was designed to withstand a Soviet nuclear attack . That , along with the emergence of varied terrorist threats such as suicide bombers , ` was why we recommended that we do n't need to maintain Cheyenne Mountain in a 24/7 status . We can put it on ` warm standby , ' said Keating . About 1,100 people work in the mountain , long a symbol of the Cold War . Buildings inside it are mounted on springs to absorb the shock from a nuclear blast , while the entrance is guarded by a vault-like door several feet thick . The complex includes banks of batteries and its own water supply . Excavation on the site began in 1961 . Canadian crews stationed at Cheyenne Mountain will also made the move to Peterson , Keating said . Hollywood : Sci-fi movie Stargate -LRB- 1994 -RRB- was set inside the Cheyenne Mountain Complex while 1983 's War Games also imagine a nuclear standoff operated from inside the nuclear bunker . That move was touted a more efficient use of resources but had followed hundreds of millions of dollars worth of modernization work at Cheyenne carried out after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Now the Pentagon is looking at shifting communications gear to the Cheyenne bunker , officials said . ` A lot of the back office communications is being moved there , ' said one defense official . Officials said the military 's dependence on computer networks and digital communications makes it much more vulnerable to an electromagnetic pulse , which can occur naturally or result from a high-altitude nuclear explosion . Under the 10-year contract , Raytheon is supposed to deliver ` sustainment ' services to help the military perform ` accurate , timely and unambiguous warning and attack assessment of air , missile and space threats ' at the Cheyenne and Petersen bases . Raytheon 's contract also involves unspecified work at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California and Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska .