Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure is a dream target for Inter Milan , according to general director Marco Fassone . The Italian giants are keen to sign the 31-year-old this summer , a player Inter coach Roberto Mancini knows well having guided him from 2010 until 2013 at the Barclays Premier League club . Gazzetta dello Sport claim Inter are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros -LRB- £ 43million -RRB- for the Ivory Coast international , who is under contract with the Blues outfit until June 2017 . Serie A side Inter Milan hope to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure -LRB- front -RRB- this summer . Inter general director Marco Fassone fears City 's asking price and Toure 's wages could be too much . ` Who does n't dream of having a player like him ? Toure would give our midfield line something that we are lacking , ' Fassone told Italian sports newspaper Tuttosport . ` But his wages and City 's asking price might be a big obstacle . ' Toure has scored seven goals and set up one more in 22 Premier League appearances this term for City . Inter are also working on new deals for their Argentina forward Mauro Icardi and Croatia midfielder Mateo Kovacic . Icardi is Inter 's top scorer this season with 15 goals and is tied to the Nerazzurri for a further three seasons , while Kovacic , who is a reported target of Liverpool , is under contract with inter until June 2019 . Inter striker Mauro Icardi is on the verge of signing a new contract with the club , according to Marco Fassone . Mateo Kovacic , pictured celebrating a goal against Cagliari , is also in talks over an extended deal . ` We are almost there with respect to Icardi 's contract extension , ' Fassone said . ` We want to keep him just as we want to keep Kovacic . ` We will evaluate with great care -LRB- their -RRB- eventual offers . ` It 's clear that if we want to sign three players -LRB- this summer -RRB- we will need to evaluate those that will depart . ' Inter 's priority right now is to tie Inter goalkeeper Samir Handanovic to a long-term contract . Goalkeeper Samir Handanovic , pictured against Napoli , has been linked with Roma and Manchester United . The Slovenia international has been linked with Roma as well as Manchester United and becomes a free agent next season . ` Handanovic 's renewal is an issue that we must resolve at once , ' Fassone said . ` We need to understand what he wants . ` We can not go into next season knowing that our goalkeeper 's contract expires . ' Inter are currently 10th in Serie A with 10 league games remaining .