This is the moment a young boy covered in blood was dragged from the scene of a devastating suicide bomb attack in Afghanistan . He was near a bank in Jalalabad early Saturday morning when the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle , killing 35 people and injuring another 125 . The group , which included military personnel as well as civilians , were waiting to receive their monthly salaries as crowds bustled around them when the bomb exploded in the busy commercial district . Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack , President Ghani said . Scroll down for video . Thirty-five people died and 125 have been injured after a suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad , Afghanistan . Above , a man leads an injured boy by the hands after the suicide attack , as others gather to try and help . One witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier . Above , men and boys run and hide behind trees as the bomb detonates . Speaking from Badakhshan he said : ` Who claimed responsibility for horrific attack in Nangarhar today ? ` The Taliban did not claim responsibility for the attack , Daesh claimed responsibility for the attack . ' Daesh is an Arabic acronym for the Islamic extremist group . An online posting by a person purporting to be an Islamic State spokesman could not be immediately verified . It is not clear whether Ghani relied on this for his remarks or if he had other intelligence at his disposal . ` We condemn/deny involvement in both , ' Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid tweeted . Pictures taken moments after the explosion show shoes , belongings and commercial goods scattered over the road and pavement amid broken glass and blood . Men and children were captured bandaging themselves on the street while attempting to get hold of family and friends . The force of the blast damaged businesses and cars , as well as causing windows to break several miles away . Security forces blocked off the area to allow ambulances and rescue crews to care for the wounded . Ahmad Zia Abdulzai , spokesman for the provincial governor in Nangarhar , said : ` There are reports of many wounded people in critical condition at the hospital . ' A man with his head and hands covered in blood clutches his mobile phone -LRB- left -RRB- minutes after the bomb exploded while another bandages his own leg -LRB- right -RRB- . The attacker targeted a crowd of military personnel and civilians and detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle . Above , Afghan security officials inspect the scene . Locals and officials work together to carry injured men to a green police pick up , which is waiting to take the men to Jalalabad hospital . Ten uninjured men club together to help move injured civilians . Security forces blocked off the area to allow ambulances and rescue crews to care for the wounded . Pictures taken after the attack show shoes , belongings and commercial goods scattered across the road and pavement amid broken glass and blood . Officials react to the scene after the attack , many holding guns and others unloading equipment from vehicles as smoke fills the street . An injured Afghan receives treatment at hospital after being rescued from the scene . Their face is covered in blood and head bandaged as they lie with their eyes closed . Dr Hamayon Zaheer , head of Jalalabad hospital , confirmed that more than 100 wounded and around 33 dead bodies had been brought to the hospital . Dr Hamayon Zaheer , head of Jalalabad hospital , confirmed that more than 100 wounded and around 33 dead bodies had been brought to the hospital . One Afghan army soldier receiving treatment for wounds said he had received his salary from the bank but was still in the area when the blast took place . ` A motorcycle came in and I think a man in a suit entered inside the crowd and detonated his explosive . I heard two sounds of explosions and I ca n't remember after that , ' he said . Another bomb was discovered close to the scene of the first explosion , police said . Two further blasts were reported . No injuries were reported from the first , which was near a shrine . The other , in the Behsud district , killed one civilian and wounded two others , Mr Abdulzai said . He added that a magnetic bomb had been attached to a parked car and then detonated by remote control . Four men - one talking on a mobile phone - survey a set of shattered windows near the scene . The force of the blast caused windows to break several miles away . A security official crouches down clutching a gun while others use radios to communicate as smoke clears from the street after the attack . A father kisses his son , who has a bandage round his head and is covered in dirt , and holds his hand to his mouth minutes after the blast . The Pakistani government , which is coordinating with Afghanistan on counter-terrorism issues , condemned the attacks . A statement released by the Pakistani Foreign Ministry labelled the bombings ` cowardly ' and ` indiscriminate ' and said there was no justification for attacks against civilians under any circumstances . Mr Ghani added that Islamic State was starting to establish a presence in Afghanistan . He used his visit to the United States last month to reiterate his concerns that the extremist group was making inroads into Afghanistan . ` If we do n't stand on the same line united , these people are going to destroy us , ' he told the 600 people gathered at the provincial government headquarters in Faizabad . The rise of even a small Islamic State affiliate could further destabilize the region and complicate U.S. and NATO efforts to end the 13-year Afghan war .