The military mistress is back in the game . Bobbi Ann House , 39 , who hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts - with one spouse losing $ 100,000 to her - is again wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying . However this time it is both House and her new husband , Zackerie House , 27 , who police are after , accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $ 13,500 . The purchases started in western Oregon in early March , then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma . Wanted : Bobbi Ann House , 39 , who became known as the ` military mistress ' around 2010 for conning over a dozen servicemen , is now wanted again , this time for check fraud , along with her husband Zacherie House , 27 . Military mistress : Bobbi Ann Finley , also known as Bobbi Ann House , hit national headlines in 2010 when allegations surfaced that she hopped from one military base to the next , marrying service members to gain access to their bank accounts . The two are now believed to be hiding out camping , with their last fraudulent transaction for a ` large quantity ' of outdoors supplies and groceries at Atwoods , a farm and ranch chain store in Checotah , Oklahoma , on March 30 , Oregon Live reported . Officials released photos of a car the pair are believed to be driving - a blue 2005 Cadillac Escalade - which they bought by a fraudulent $ 1,500 down payment at Universal Auto Sales in Salem on March 14 . The car , which they took possession of March 14 and has the license plate 535BWP , has been listed as stolen . While investigators believe the two are camping , they do not know where , and have asked anyone with information to come forward . Marion County deputies said they have probable cause to arrest Finley and House for their use of fraudulent checks in Marion County . Captured : Surveillance image of Bobbi Ann Finley and Zackerie House released by Marion County Sheriff 's Office . This is one of the last times the couple were seen in March . Wanted : The two were last seen making a fraudulent transaction for a ` large quantity ' of outdoors supplies and groceries at Atwoods , a farm and ranch chain store in Checotah , Oklahoma , on March 30 . On-the-run : fficials released photos of a car the pair are believed to be driving - a blue 2005 Cadillac Escalade - which they bought by a fraudulent $ 1,500 down payment at Universal Auto Sales in Salem on March 14 . The car , which they took possession of March 14 and has the license plate 535BWP , has been listed as stolen . Bobbi Ann , previously known as Bobbi Anne Finley , has had numerous run-ins with the law . She became infamous for targeting military personnel before allegedly taking their money and leaving them in financial ruin . In a jailhouse interview in 2011 , the woman admitted that she may have destroyed lives , but she claimed she is a victim who has had a hard upbringing . ` I was n't running a con , ' Finley said . ` I wanted protection , the protection that I should have had growing up ... I married these guys I could n't love . ' ` I was looking for love . I was looking for understanding , I was looking for someone to say , `` You know , it is going to be OK '' , ' Finley told ABC 's 20/20 at the time . ` In many of the cases , you look and you started out and you get married and you 're thinking , ` Oh , I 'm going to live happily ever after . '' And then you realise as soon it 's done ... it was a mistake , ' she said . ` The devil himself is a pot of gold compared to her ' : Some of Bobbi Ann 's victims described her as a smart , cunning , professional liar . For nearly 20 years , Finley allegedly preyed on military bases where she lied to servicemen claiming to be a wealthy heiress , the daughter of a general or an injured veteran about to get a large pay-out . ` She was smart , funny , witty , beautiful , ' Jacob Anderson , one of Finley 's ex-husbands , told ABC News . ` I mean , you 'd come home ... you did n't need to ask one ... it was clean . ` Our food was cooked , and the food was excellent . Dishes were done , house was immaculate . You were going like , `` Wow , I could n't ask for anybody better '' . ' But things soon changed when the men married Finley and money allegedly started disappearing from their accounts . ` The devil himself is a pot of gold compared to her , ' said Shane Cheesman , one of Finley 's ex-husbands whose marriage was annulled after a week . ` She has no heart . She has no feelings , no remorse , ' he told ABC News . But Finley 's alleged scam began to unravel in 2004 when she got on the wrong side of one of her many mother-in-laws . The victims : In 2010 , ABC News assembled 10 of Bobbi Ann 's former husbands , all servicemen . Ex-spouse Ben Giles described her as ` a domestic terrorist ' who targeted and destroyed the lives of military members . Katie Wegg , whose son Rodney had fallen for Finley when he was a reservist stationed in Texas , began a six-year-crusade to bring her to justice after her son went away for the weekend and came home to find money gone from his checking account . She found that Finley had a history of fraud and bigamy , and had given birth to children and never told the fathers . Bobbi Ann has at least nine children , according to her family . ' -LSB- Rodney -RSB- had a child out there and he wanted to know where this child was . And he wanted his child , ' Mrs Wegg told ABC News . ` These guys did n't know they had children . ' Finley served an eight-month sentence for forging cheques from Mr Wegg 's account in 2007 . Bobbi Ann House , 39 , who hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts of thousands of dollars , is again wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying . She was arrested again in June 2010 and extradited to Alabama was jailed in February after pleading guilty to theft by deception and ordered to pay $ 5,300 in restitution . ` I mean , I 'm angry . I 'm sad . I 'm lonely ... because of what Bobbi did , ' said Jeffrey Dietiker , one of Finley 's ex-husbands . ` And now I 'm paying for it , with every relationship I get in ... Trust was everything I had , and now I do n't . '