Jordan Spieth 's first outing after winning the Masters did not go according to plan as he finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par . The 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since dominating in Augusta to win by four shots from Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson , but that rollercoaster ride interrupted his preparations here as he did not play a practice round and he looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in South Carolina . Jordan Spieth looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in South Carolina . In cold temperatures and with strong northerly winds , Spieth three-putted the sixth to drop his first shot of the day and looked lethargic as he missed birdie opportunities on the ninth and 10th greens . He dropped another shot on the 11th and on the par-three 14th he sent his tee shot straight into the water , setting up a double bogey that put him four over par . He pulled one back with a birdie on the par-five 15th , but nevertheless finished well off the pace with three-over 74 even as the conditions kept the scoring under control . The Masters champion finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74 . After his round , Spieth told Sky Sports 4 he had no idea how many interviews and appearances he has made since Sunday . ` I 've lost track , ' he said . ` Just getting to experience all these incredible things , whether it 's a business interview , a sports interview , appearing on Letterman -LRB- The David Letterman Show -RRB- , meeting President Clinton , a lot took place and it 's almost sad to leave . ` There were so many great experiences you 'd like to have each of those each day , to have them all in one is almost a shame , but it 's good sharing my story , sharing our story , getting our brand out there . ' Spieth admitted lack of preparation affected his first round in South Carolina . Unless he has something very special up his sleeve for Friday , Spieth appears set for a much-needed weekend off . Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under after the first round at Hilton Head . In difficult conditions , with strong winds and a distinct chill in South Carolina , birdies were hard to come by but Every carded six before a bogey on the 18th , while McDowell matched him only in reverse after bogeying the first . Given the way the course was playing , staying at the top of the leaderboard was as much about survival as anything . ` I was greasy today , ' Every said on the PGA Tour website . ` It was n't my best ball striking , it was n't easy out there , but I got the best out of it . Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under with Matt Every after the first round . ` It was blowing . Back in the trees , when it 's coming from the north and banking off the trees going the other way , it 's dicey , but for the most part I did a good job . ' Sangmoon Bae is alone in third place , one shot back , ahead of a five-way tie for fourth which includes Kevin Kisner , Scott Langley , Morgan Hoffman , Matt Kuchar and Cameron Smith . Smith could have been much better placed but for a bogey on the third and a double bogey on the seventh , where his tee shot put him in the trees and he faced a long road back . He had earlier carded five birdies in six holes between the second and seventh holes .