A Shetland pony has been battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack , devastating the toddler who played with her every day . Charlene Bishop , who is 17 months old , went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday and was worried when she did n't meet her at the gate as normal . Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries . Sickening : Taffee the Shetland pony was battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack . The left side of Taffee 's -LRB- left -RRB- skull was completely caved in , her left eye was battered outs of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain . The left side of the pony 's skull was completely caved in , her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain . The five-year-old animal also had a broken leg and vets called to the field in Boxley , near Gillingham , Kent , had no option but to put the distressed pony down . Police believe Taffee was battered round the head with a breeze block sometime between 11 pm on Tuesday night and 9 am on Wednesday morning . Charlene , who had only owned 22in Taffee for three months , visited her every day to groom and feed her and rode her every weekend . Ms Flisher , 19 , said : ` I do n't understand how anybody could be so sick . ` Taffee was a tiny pony . The vet said she was hit over and over again and it looks like by was more than one person . ` It seems they held her head collar while they beat her . Taffee was crying blood from the damage they did to her skull . Vile : The Shetland was found lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries after the brutal attack . ` We got Taffee for Charlene when she was diagnosed with epilepsy . She ca n't do the same things as everyone else , but she loved spending time with me at the yard and had Taffee to keep her happy . ` They were n't together long but they were amazing . Charlene would climb all over her and Taffee would n't mind . ` Charlene would even sometimes tell Taffee off and the pony would go and stand in the corner of the stable like a naughty child . ` She 's lost her best friend and she 's devastated . ' Taffee had a foal , 10-month-old Biscuit , who the family are now in the process of finding a surrogate mother for . Charlene , who is 17 months old , was bought the pony to help deal with her epilepsy and has lost her ` best friend ' , her mother said . Ms Flisher , a mother-of-two , added : ` I ca n't believe there are people out there who would do this to a tiny , defenceless pony . ` They would have seen she belonged to a child , she even had a Frozen rug on . ` Charlene does n't understand death . She saw that Taffee was bleeding but when she woke up this morning she just assumed she was better and asked to go and feed her . It 's heartbreaking , we do n't know what to do . ' Kent Police and the RSPCA are investigating the attack . Three other horses in the same field were shaved in places in the overnight attack and another had a small wound to its head . The family have offered a £ 1,000 reward for anybody who can reveal those behind the attack . An RSPCA spokeswoman said : ` This sounds like an incredibly upsetting incident . ` We would urge anyone with any information to contact either the police or ourselves on 0300 123 8018 . '