The Polish father , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK , and can not even recall his own name . A Polish father has wandered into the London Embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter . The mystery man , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK , and can not even recall his own name . All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka . He may or may not have come from Denmark within the past few days . The man , who was found without identification , taken to hospital after he arrived at the Polish Consulate in central London yesterday afternoon . Currently , the only clue to his identity is a distinctive tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm . He is being cared for at London 's St Thomas ' Hospital while police appeal for anyone who recognises him to come forward . Scotland Yard said : ` Police are appealing for help to identify a Polish man who has been taken to St Thomas ' Hospital suffering memory loss . ` The man attended the Polish Consulate at around 5 pm on Thursday , 2 April . ` Due to his lack of memory , he was taken by London Ambulance Service to the hospital as a precaution . ` The man is able to state that he was born in Poland and may have travelled to London from Denmark within the past few days . The mystery man had wandered into the London Embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter . ` He may be from the Poznan area of Poland and have a daughter called Lenka . ` He is a white man , 5ft 8ins in height of medium build . He has a tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm . ' Anyone with information should call Lambeth Missing Person Unit on 101 . What is retrograde amnesia ? Amnesia is the name given to a disturbance in the ability to recall stored memories . It is usually caused by disease or head injury , but in rare cases can occur apparently spontaneously . The memory loss associated with amnesia can include everything from a person 's past or just portions of it . In most cases , it is a temporary condition , lasting from a few seconds to a few hours . But in severe cases , it can last months or even years . There are several different types of amnesia . Retrograde amnesia is an inability to remember any events that occurred before the accident or illness . The leading hypotheses are some form of epileptic event , a problem with blood circulation around , to or from the brain , or some kind of migraine-like phenomenon . Usually , the affected person can not remember events shortly before their accident or illness at all , but their memories of the distant past are intact , and there is a gradient of memory loss between the two extremes . Retrograde amnesia often lasts for a year , before the patient starts to remember things .