Easter is here ! And whilst many Australians are enjoying an abundance of sugary treats , many are wondering how much it 's going to cost them around the waistline . According to the ABC , the key is to maintain an even balance of ` energy in ' and ` energy out . ' This means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight . A small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off . Indulging in two hot cross buns -LRB- without jam and butter -RRB- will take up to 50 minutes of running to work off . It may be surprising how much physical exercise it takes in order to burn off even the smallest of Easter treats . For four solid mini chocolate Easter eggs it would take 30 to 40 minutes of walking to work off the 550 kilojoules . A female of average weight would need to walk for the full 40 minutes , whereas an 80 kilogram male could burn it off in 30 minutes . One medium chocolate bunny takes two and a half to three hours of kayaking with women needing to paddle for half an hour longer than men to work it off . The key for Easter indulgence is noting our ` energy in ' and ` energy out ' and balancing food and fitness . Experts are advising that it is better to manage our energy consumption than to try and work it off afterward . Two hot cross buns takes up to 50 minutes running and if you have lathered it with butter and jam , it would take 80 minutes of running . Exercise physiologist Alex Lawrence from Exercise Sport Science Australia has said that many Australians still struggle to maintain a healthy weight as most do not realise how many kilojoules are in the foods we consume . ` It 's a lot more efficient to manage your energy consumption , than to try and work off the energy after you 've taken it in , ' he said . Lawrence is not proposing that we all go and heavily exercise after consuming a small treat . He advises that it is better to make exercise and healthy eating part of your lifestyle so that you can indulge in treats every now and then . ` What we 're trying to encourage people to do is make better lifestyle choices ; to eat treat foods in moderation and to make sure they are physically active most of the time . That way when holidays , like Easter , come around they do n't have to feel like they have to deny themselves , ' he said .