It 's that time of year again - the in between seasons moment when you look in your wardrobe and genuinely believe there is nothing suitable for the weather outside . In the springtime , the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing British weather . Cotton dresses , cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants all need to wait until at least June for an appearance . Scroll down for video . Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram . So what to do if you want to embrace summer style now , but keep away from the shops for another couple of months ? Fortunately , there are still plenty of crafty ways to keep your wardrobe current - and all you need is a pair of pliers , a glue gun and some scissors . UK stylist and blogger Lily Melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style , without breaking the bank . Read on to find out the DIY tips for making your clothes up to date ... Lily models her updated dress , complete with necklace collar . Evening glam . Perfect for a night out with the girls , give your trusty little black dress a gorgeous splash of glam that captures this season 's catwalk style by using an old necklace to create a stunning jewelled collar effect . Use pliers to separate the necklace into individual jewels , position the pieces around the collar and simply use a glue gun to attach , instantly adding ` the glam factor ' as seen on Matthew Williamson and House of Holland collections this Spring . Off-duty pastels . Dip-dye is big news this season and a subtle dip-dye effect will add a burst of spring colour to any daytime look . Hand dye and a bowl is all that is needed to update last year 's festival staple , the white vest . Carefully dip the first few inches of the vest into your favourite pastel shade and leave to dry . Lily 's top pick is on-trend blush pink and styled with jeans and a leather jacket for a casual daytime look . Lily shows you how to update sunglasses . DIY designer shades . As the sun comes out , it 's time to dust off last year 's sunglasses . For an effortless , high-impact update , take some jewels or artificial flowers and carefully glue these to the brim or sides of the sunglasses in a symmetrical design . Already a trend seen on the faces of Dolce & Gabbana and Prada catwalk models this season , this simple and cost-effective design will ensure you 're one step ahead of the fashion set . Dare to bare -LRB- your knees -RRB- . You do n't need to buy a new pair of jeans to sport this season 's biggest denim trend -- plus worn jeans are softer too so they 're much easier to customise . Cut a rip just above the knee cap and then pull out threads and distress the edges for the perfect laid-back cool look . Team with patterned tights underneath for a fresh take on this look . Hair jewelry . The Les Copains label was among those adorning catwalk hairstyles with statement jewellery , but you do n't need to buy them . Carefully attach old necklace jewels -LRB- broken down by pliers -RRB- onto hairgrips with glue and leave to dry , to turn a boring hair day into a cute one . Headphone sparkle . In fact , embellishment can be used to spruce up any accessory -- take inspiration from Dolce & Gabbana 's bejewelled headphones and add some sparkle to your commute by adding old jewels and diamantes to the outside of your Beats headphones . Fringed boots is a key look for 2015 . Seventies chic . The Seventies look has exploded on to the high street from the catwalks , but instead of going all in with flared jeans and heavy prints , try wearing existing key items in a new way . Channel the vibe with a high waisted skirt -LRB- bonus points if it 's the classic Seventies shade of camel -RRB- , teamed with a tucked in black polo neck . For extra fashion points , cut off the sleeves of the polo neck as seen in Topshop this season for an easy update for spring . Crystal slippers . Take last year 's slipper shoe and update for this season by attaching some studs to them for an edgy spring look . The soft fabric makes it easy to attach them ; pierce the fabric with each stud and fold them flat on the inside using pliers to keep them secure and comfortable . Cropped logo T-shirts : Nineties style has been in for a while now , but this year expect to see classic logo T-shirts updated for spring with cut off sleeves and cropped to the waist a la Daisy Lowe . No sewing needed -- just do n't be afraid to take your scissors to your favourite old T-shirt ! Fringe feet : Fringing has been big for a few seasons now , but this season the must-have is going to be fringing on your feet ; take a simple suede tassel in the same shade as your favourite boots and attach using a few stitches . Use thread in the same shade for a seamless look . Faux fur gilet . Spring is the hardest time to style as the weather is so changeable ; dig out last year 's faux fur cropped jacket from your wardrobe and unpick the sleeves to create a gilet to throw on over T-shirts for warm , breezy days . Rita Ora was wearing a faux fur gilet in New York in February . Instagram . Pinterest and instagram are the perfect ` virtual wardrobe ' ; when you get compliments on outfits or try something new , take a snap and post them to create your own style bible that you can refer to at any time . Just by looking through you 'll probably see something you have n't worn in a while that 's worth digging out ! Colour pop . The classic white shirt is a style staple , but you can add a bit of spring colour simply by swapping the buttons for bright alternatives . Just a few hand sewn stitches can change the entire look with subtle hints of colour . Personalised pumps . With even Prada getting in on the act , personalised footwear is everywhere right now . But you can create your own one-of-a kind look by using a paintbrush to paint fabric dye onto the panels of your favourite Converse or plimsolls . Celebrity dye job . One way to revive hair for the new season is with an ombre style . Rather than transforming your locks with an all-new shade , why not choose pink tips . The flash of colour will refresh locks for spring . Lily Melrose supplied her style hacks in association with Gallo Family Vineyards Moscato . For more information , go to facebook.com/GalloFamilyVineyards .