Phil Jagielka swapped Everton 's training ground for a kitchen earlier this week as he learned to cook a traditional Thai dish to celebrate the sacred festival of Songkran . The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years and Jagielka , who scored the winner against Southampton on Saturday , was on hand to visit Chaophraya restaurant in Liverpool for a special cookery lesson . Having teamed up with expert chef Kim Kaewkraikhot , Everton 's captain prepared some Pad Thai - a stir-fried noodle dish - before taste testing his own food . VIDEO Scroll down to watch Phil Jagielka 's trip to Thai restaurant Chaophraya . Everton defender Phil Jagielka shares a joke with Thai chef Kim Kaewkraikhot at Chaophraya restaurant . The Toffees skipper tucks into a plate of Pad Thai after learning to cook the dish himself . Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the Thai festival of Songkran with sponsors Chang Beer . Jagielka said : ` I 've mixed it up with the head chef and we 've made some Pad Thai , I think they were very kind to me , giving me all the ingredients ready-made , it was a full proof plan but I 'm pretty proud , it tasted pretty nice and I can go and brag now that I can cook a full Thai dish . ' Songkran is celebrated in Thailand between April 13 and 15 as the traditional New Year 's Day but Jagielka and his team-mates have an important fixture against Swansea before they can take part in any festivities . Roberto Martinez 's men travel to the Liberty Stadium on Saturday looking for their fourth Premier League win in succession following victories over Saints , QPR and Newcastle . Jagielka celebrates after scoring the only goal in Everton 's 1-0 win against Southampton on Saturday . The England international admits that he can now brag about his cooking skills after making a full Thai dish . Former Sheffield United man Jagielka signs an Everton home shirt for chef Kim Kaewkraikhot . The England international will be back in the heart of Everton 's defence in south Wales as Martinez 's men aim to end a disappointing season in positive fashion . Jagielka added : ` I love the fact that -LRB- Chang -RRB- have been our sponsors for so long now , everyone loves Thai people and everyone loves Thai food and they 've been a fantastic sponsor over the years . ` We 've had a laugh and a joke in the kitchen today and thankfully I did n't burn anything down . '