A bedlington lurcher named Twiglet suffered a ` serious hallucinogenic episode ' after accidentally eating a stash of drugs he found at a village bus stop . Vet Nick Fisher , 31 , from Leintwardine , Shropshire , said Twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance while on a walk near their home last Monday . The four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs near the village bus stop . Vet Nick Fisher , 31 , from Leintwardine , Shropshire , said his bedlington lurcher Twiglet -LRB- pictured -RRB- was left behaving strangely after eating the drugs he found at a bus stop while on a walk near their home last Monday . Twiglet seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drug . But after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably , shaking and walking into walls Twiglet seemed back to normal following his ` trip ' . Today Mr Fisher , a veterinary surgeon , said : ` We had been taking Twiglet out for a walk as we normally do . ` We went past the bus stop which is just like a seat around an oak tree . ` A few people often hang out there and drop things like food and so on , so the dogs like to go scavenging around that area . ` He came back in the house and lay down and was tired as you might expect . ` But then he got up and started running around , doing laps of the room as if he was being chased . The bus stop in Leintwardine , Shorpshire , where Twiglet found and consumed the unidentified narcotics . After drooling at the mouth uncontrollably , shaking and walking into walls he seems to be back to normal . ` He had his tail between his legs and his head down , which he only does when he is being chased around by our other dogs . ` When I got hold of him he started shaking uncontrollably , producing huge quantities of saliva and panting excessively . ` He then lost his balance on the laminate flooring and fell onto his side . ` My wife was obviously quite upset . She 's never seen a dog go through anything neurological before . Let alone tripping on drugs . ` I just reacted instinctively and had to treat him like any client 's dog . I took step back and tried to remain calm . ' Because of Twiglet 's symptoms Mr Fisher believes his dog may have ingested something hallucinogenic . The father-of-one said he phoned the nurse at his surgery in Ludlow , Shropshire , to come and take a blood sample and made Twiglet vomit . The blood test did not show any obvious medical cause but a veterinary neurologist believed the illness to have been caused by narcotics . He added : ` The next day he was completely back to normal - although his eyes were very red . ` I 've got a friend who is a neurologist so I asked them what they thought it was . ` Because of the circumstances and symptoms they suggested it sounded like he 'd ingested something hallucinogenic . ` For a dog with no history of having any neurological issues to behave like this for a short period is usually related to drugs . Twiglet 's scavenging days would appear to be over following the unfortunate incident last week . ` He would have been quite an unlucky dog to have had all those symptoms and for it to be anything else . ` It 's not a common diagnosis around our village but there is a bit of a hippie commune up the road . Maybe something was dropped or had fallen out of someone 's pocket . ` I have only seen one similar case in which we found a dog had swallowed a bag of marijuana - we just want other owners to be careful in future . ' Wife Karen , 33 , a farm consultant , added : ` It led to a 45 minute episode in which Twiglet showed symptoms of being under the influence of narcotics . ` Symptoms include hallucinating , partial seizures , tremors , hyper salivating , in-coordination and collapsing . ` We want to make other owners aware to be vigilant when walking their dogs in the area . ' The vet is urging dog owners to be vigilant while walking pets in the area in case a similar incident occurs .