Tiger Woods has had to face some huge challenges during his career , but not many will have been larger than 7ft 6in former NBA star Yao Ming . The 14-time major winner has played just three tournaments so far this year , which included a return to some form at the US Masters , but took a break to offer the retired Chinese basketball star a few golfing tips . The pair met up at Nike 's headquarters in Shanghai where the former Houston Rockets centre towered over his tutor as he got to grips with his swing on an indoor range . Golf 's former world No 1 is dwarfed by the 7ft 6in former Houston Rockets centre . Tiger Woods -LRB- left -RRB- gives Yao Ming a golfing lesson at the Nike headquarters in Shanghai , China . The towering Chinese athlete takes notes as Woods helps him get to grips with his swing . Meanwhile , Woods has confirmed he will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7 . The 39-year-old announced on Twitter that he will tee it up at TPC Sawgrass for the tournament often labelled as the ` fifth major ' . ` Looking forward to going back to THE PLAYERS this year , hoping for a repeat of 2013 , ' he said . Woods ' confirmed return will dampen fears over a wrist injury he appeared to suffer during the final round at Augusta when he hit a tree root . ` A bone kind of popped out and the joint kind of went out of place , but I put it back in , ' he said . Woods , pictured with Rory McIlroy , found some form on his return to the US Masters . Woods will be back at the TPC Sawgrass , allaying fears over a wrist injury picked up at Augusta . Speculation over Woods ' return had been circulating ever since the Masters when , following rounds of 73 , 69 , 68 and 73 , he refused to confirm when he would be back in action . ` Not going to be for a while , ' he said . ` I have a little time off , and go back to the drawing board , work on it again , and refine what I 'm doing . ` I really like what I 'm doing , I got my distance back , and everything is good . ' Jack Nicklaus said this week that Woods would feature at the Memorial at Muirfield Village beginning on June 4 but he will now be back earlier than that at a tournament that he won in 2001 and 2013 .