American Airlines is tapping into the youth market with the introduction of their new in-flight music . New indie music was first piped into the cabin - during boarding and disembarking - a few months ago and has quickly become a hit with passengers . In fact , many have taken to Twitter to share their approval of the new on board playlists , which feature rockers such as The xx , Haim , Phantogram and Hozier . American Airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new ` indie ' cabin playlists . According to BuzzFeed News , on an internal blog , American Airlines representative , Barbara Delollis , discussed the company 's decision . ` For 2015 , they sought out a style of music that 's upbeat yet not distracting , helps American stand out from the competition and appeals to younger generations , ' she wrote . And it takes a lot for a track to make the cut . According to Delollis , the songs are n't just those ` you might find on the iPad/Spotify of a Gen Xer or Millenial . Foster The People is just one of many indie rock bands that are included on American Airlines ' new playlists . Tracks from Hozier -LRB- left -RRB- and Lykke Li -LRB- right -RRB- were also hand selected to be played on board the flights . While boarding and while disembarking , specially selected indie rock music will now be piped into the cabin . The change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback about the airline 's previous cabin music , which were instrumental piano versions of pop songs . Brian Richardson , senior manager of American 's in-flight entertainment and connectivity , also shared his thoughts about the switch on the same internal blog . ` The instrumental versions of pop songs had become tired and people were ready for a change , ' he added . One Twitter user was especially excited to hear one of her favourite bands , Phantogram , on board . Washed Out , or Ernest Greene , is an electronica singer-songwriter and record producer from Georgia . Hozier 's Take Me to Church was one of the biggest songs of the year - and can now be heard on board . Phantogram -LRB- left -RRB- and The xx -LRB- right -RRB- are two of the featured artists on American Airlines new cabin playlists . One customer mused that boarding his American Airlines flight felt like heading into a trendy nightclub . For this Twitter user , the best part of his flight was the boarding music playlist - and arriving safely , of course . Some passengers are n't totally excited about the change , like this man , who liked the previous elevator music . He also shared his excitement about seeing customers on board take out their smartphones and use the Shazam app to identify the songs playing . ` Who would 've thought that we 'd be introducing some people to these indie artists ? ' he wrote . The indie music is paired with the airline 's new state-of-the-art cabins and , so far , all mainline and some regional aircraft have adopted the in-flight playlists . MailOnline Travel has contacted American Airlines for comment .