Julieane Jablonski , 38 , was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering . A Colorado mother has been arrested for allegedly giving her teenage son a pot brownie that caused him to jump out of a third-story glass window ` without hesitation . ' In a bizarre twist , the alleged victim in the case , 19-year-old Austin Essig , took to the Fort Collins police department 's Facebook page to describe the strange ` trip ' he experienced after eating the brownie . His mother Julieane Jablonski , 38 , was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness , the Fort Collins Police Department said on Wednesday . Detectives allege that Jablonski told the teen after he was hospitalized for the fall on April 14 ` he needed to recant his statement to the police and lie about where the marijuana came from , ' according to an arrest report obtained by the Coloradoan newspaper . After the incident , a Facebook user that appears to be Essig commented on the Fort Collins police post about the incident . ` It was quite the trip for a brownie , I can tell you that much , ' he wrote on Tuesday . He added : ` I can say I followed dosage instructions -LRB- only ate one , as opposed to my mid - incident statement -RRB- , but ca n't honestly comment on how I got ahold of it . ` I can also say that my reaction to the marijuana was far from normal , and that this is n't common at all . Currently researching the subject further . ' Austin Essig , 19 , jumped out of the third-floor window from this apartment complex earlier this month ` without hesitation ' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie . ` It was quite a trip ' : The alleged victim in the case , Essig , commented on the police report about his own injury . The next day , detectives arrested his mother . Marijuana is legal to buy and consume recreationally in Colorado - but only for people over age 21 . Buying marijuana for a teenager offers similar penalties to providing alcohol for minors in other states . Essig suffered non-life-threatening injuries when he jumped out of the third-story window - through the glass and all . Witnesses say he began acting strangely after consuming the pot brownie and then suddenly jump ` without hesitation . ' Police confiscated what was left of the edible to test it for THC levels . Critics contend that the levels of the hallucinogen in Colorado marijuana is extremely high - often too high for people who are not regular users to tolerate . It was the latest of several incidents of pot users harming themselves that authorities in Colorado have confronted since retail sales of the drug began there last year . In March 2014 , college student Levi Thamba Pongi of the Republic of Congo leaped to his death from a Denver hotel after consuming six times the recommended amount of marijuana cookies , with the Denver medical examiner 's office listing `` marijuana intoxication '' as a contributing factor in his death . Last month , 22-year-old Luke Gregory Goodman shot himself to death in a Colorado ski resort town after witnesses said he ate a large amount of pot candies , the Summit County coroner said . Essig was cagey about where he got the brownie , but said he needed to ` continue his research ' about the pot-laced edibles .