One of the three East London schoolgirls who left the UK to become ` jihadi brides ' in Syria has confirmed that she is now living in the Islamic State - by tweeting a picture of chicken and chips . Amira Abase , 15 , left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum 15 , and Kadiza Sultana , 16 , in February , and is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa . Now , nearly two months after her departure , Amira has shared a snippet of life in the Islamic State - posting an online photo of her enjoying a takeaway dinner with another teenage ` jihadi bride ' . Scroll down for video . ISIS spread : London schoolgirl Amira Abase , 15 , has tweeted from inside the Islamic State for the first time -LRB- above -RRB- , bragging about a Western-style takeaway dinner of fried chicken , chips , pizza and kebab meat . Until recently , the Twitter account of 15-year-old Amira was set to private . The recent public tweet from the radicalised teenager gives a unique insight into the life of the British runaways . It shows a huge Western-style takeaway , including fried chicken , chips , pizza and kebab meat . Amira - tweeting under the name Bintt Abbas - captioned the photograph ` dawla takeaway w / @um_ayoub12 ' . ` Dawla ' is another name for the Islamic State , which is also known as Isis . ` Um-ayoub12 ' is the name of another Twitter user , who describes herself as a ' 16-year-old muhajirah ' . She believed to be another of the dozens of western teenagers who have travelled from Europe to join Isis . Amira 's dinner companion uses the same profile picture as the 15-year-old from Bethnal Green . Earlier this year the older girl tweeted : ` uh wan na behead some kafirs -LSB- non-Muslims -RSB- now ' . Amira Abase , pictured last September , has tweeted from inside the Islamic State for the first time . Disturbing minds : Amira uses the same Twitter picture as another Western teen runaway , known only as Um Ayoub , who tweeted earlier this year that she wanted to ` behead some kafirs -LSB- non-muslims -RSB- now ' . ` Jihadi brides ' : This picture is thought to show Amira and her fellow runaways - Bethnal Green Academy students Shamima Begum , 15 , and Kadiza Sultana , 16 , in a London park . Amira 's Twitter account shows pictures of Amira 's everyday life as a teenager in East London in the months before she left for Syria . They include snaps of her building a tower out of neon highlighter pens during a revision session at Bethnal Green Academy as well as several pictures of the London skyline , which appear to have been taken from her family home . The GCSE pupil also shares her love for Vans and Nike trainers and Chelsea FC . She also appears to be a fan of the Cookies & Cream dessert cafes , tweeting a picture taken in its Whitechapel branch and declaring it has ` the best waffles ' . Before her departure to Syria , she tweeted a poignant picture of herself with two friends , believed to be fellow runaways Shamima Begum and Kadiza Sultana , before their departure . It shows the trio sitting in a London park , and is captioned ` Akhwaat ' , meaning ` sisters ' in Arabic . Earlier this week , it was reported that Abase and her two classmates had joined the fearsome group of British female jihadis who run Isis 's ultra-religious police force . Normal teen : As Amira 's Twitter account has become public , it also gives an insight into her life as a normal 15-year-old girl in East London , posting about shoes , waffles , sunsets and Chelsea FC . Shoe fan : Several of Amira 's tweets from before her departure reference her love for trainers , such as Nike Air Force . In one message she asks her followers whether she should buy a new pair of Vans . Sweet tooth : The 15-year-old posted about her visit to a London branch of Cookies & Cream in December . Runaways : Amira , left , and her classmates Kadiza Sultana ,16 and Shamima Begum , 15 are caught on CCTV at Gatwick airport before they boarded their flight to Turkey two months ago . Londoners Kadiza Sultana -LRB- left -RRB- and Shamima Begum are thought to be in Raqqa too , along with Amira . Concerns : The three East London schoolgirls are believed to have joined the fearsome group of British female jihadis who run the al-Khansa brigade - Isis 's ultra-religious police force . Shamima Begum has forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade -- an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago . It is understood the trio are now training with one of the notorious female arms of Isis . Covered in black from head to toe and wielding automatic weapons , the group has been accused of doling out savage beatings on the streets of Raqqa , and spying on its citizens . They are said to mercilessly patrol the streets of the terror group 's adopted capital , and have previously declared that children as young as nine should be married . They say women should obey men -- who are their masters -- and remain ` hidden and veiled ' at all times . The group operates as an ultra-oppressive police force , monitoring the behaviour of females in the city and dishing out brutal punishments to anyone wearing shoes that are n't black or veils made from the ` wrong ' material . According to Syrian activist group ` Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently ' , the female fanatics are feared by local women due to their use of torture .