It 's not just your imagination : most American teenagers are online or on their smartphones every day , and many are almost continually connected . A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 24 % admit they are online constantly . It also household incomes can influence which social network children use - with Instagram and Snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families . A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 25 % admit they are online constantly . The Pew researcher revealed household incomes can influence which social network children use . That includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the Internet and social networks ` almost constantly . ' A key factor is the growing prevalence of smartphones . The survey of teens between the ages of 13 and 17 found that 73 percent had a smartphone and 30 percent had at least a basic cellphone . Even though 87 percent of teens have access to a computer , 91 percent went online daily using a mobile device at least occasionally , Pew found . The survey found that African-American and Hispanic youth are among the most active Internet users . Among African-American teens , 34 percent reported going online ` almost constantly ' as did 32 percent of Hispanic youth and 19 percent of white teens . ` American teens , especially African-American youth , have embraced smartphones and the 24/7 access to people and information that they offer , ' said Amanda Lenhart , a Pew researcher and the lead author of the report . Some 90 percent of teens with phones exchange text messages , with a typical teenager receiving 30 texts per day , Pew found . And one-third of those with smartphones use messaging apps such as WhatsApp or Kik . The researchers found Facebook remains the dominant social media network for young Americans despite the rise of new platforms . Among the teens surveyed , 71 percent said they used Facebook , with Instagram -- owned by Facebook -- the number two social media service used by 52 percent . Among the teens surveyed , Facebook was still the most popular . Asked about other social media , 41 percent of teens said they use Snapchat , 33 percent named Twitter and Google Plus , 24 percent were on Twitter-owned Vine and 14 percent used Yahoo-owned Tumblr . The figures appear to allay concerns that Facebook is being abandoned by youth as more older Internet users join the world 's biggest social network . ` Even as Facebook remains an important platform for a majority of teens , Instagram is commanding the attention of half of teens , and Snapchat nearly that number , ' said Lenhart . ` There are some interesting differentials in the most frequently used social platforms , with lower income teens using Facebook more often , while wealthier teens -- while still using Facebook -- are more likely than less wealthy teens to report that they use Snapchat or Twitter most often . ' More than two-thirds of the teens surveyed said they use more than one social network . But of those who use only one , 66 percent said they opted for Facebook , with Google Plus and Instagram tied for second place with 13 percent each . The report was based on an online survey of 1,060 teens from September 25 to October 9 , 2014 and February 10 to March 16 , 2015 . The margin of error was estimated at 3.7 percentage points . The Pew Research Center survey found that 92 % of US teens go online daily - and 25 % say they are online constantly .