Sainsbury 's is set to revolutionise how we do our weekly shop by letting us scan items in our home as they run out . Its latest app lets homeowners gradually build up a list of items they need over the course of a week or fortnight , for example . And when that shopper enters a local store , a map will appear on the phone showing the customer where their groceries are to save them time trawling the aisles . The Sainsbury 's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year . As customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale . The current Scan-and-Go app is pictured . The app is currently in development and will be trialled at a store in Wandsworth later this year . As customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale , or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example . The map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store 's Wi-Fi network . It will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need , and will highlight any that are out of stock where appropriate . And for any additional items that the shopper does n't have at home , they can use the app to scan barcodes while in the store . The app is an extension of Sainsbury 's current Scan-and-Go scheme -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which lets customers scan items on their phone as they journey around the store . Card details are stored securely on the app and payments can be made as soon as they have finished shopping and want to leave the store . Sensors embedded in the wheels of shopping trolleys could tell retailers a shopper 's location in real-time . This data could be used to manage queues and guide people to special offers . The device fits invisibly into the wheel of a trolley and is fitted with with sensors and Bluetooth connection . It was invented by product design firm Cambridge Consultants . It tells retailers a shopper 's location to within 3ft -LRB- one metre -RRB- and does n't need batteries because it harvests energy from the rotation of the wheel to power the technology . Data is transmitted via Bluetooth to a shop 's server , meaning the system would be relatively cheap to put in place . The technology may spell the end of queues because it could be used to alert staff when customers are nearing checkouts , allowing shops to automatically allocate assistants when they are needed most . It could also point consumers in the right direction to find special offers . The app is an extension of Sainsbury 's current Scan-and-Go scheme , which lets customers scan items on their phone as they journey around the store . Card details are stored securely on the app and payments can be made as soon as they have finished shopping and want to leave the store . A receipt is generated automatically . To avoid shoplifting , Sainsbury 's said it will set up so-called ` payment zones ' that will ask customers to scan a QR code , ensuring shoppers pay for their goods . The phone will also potentially be able to tell when a customer has left the store and has n't paid using beacons . Scan-and-Go is being trialled at the London Colney , Tadley and Leicester North stores and is only open to Nectar card holders . If the Wandsworth trial of the new app is successful , the app is expected to be rolled out next year . Sainsbury 's boss Mike Coupe told Retail Week : ` The mobile scan and go technology will end up being adopted across the industry . ` I think where we can win is with our customer interaction , offering them alternative products because they suit their lifestyle for example . Over time we can do a better job of that . '