English cricket 's new broom swept dramatically through the national team on Wednesday night when Paul Downton paid the price for their woeful World Cup by being sacked as managing director . The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing Hugh Morris in the aftermath of the Ashes whitewash . With more sackings inevitable , Sportsmail asks : Who 's next ? Alastair Cook . Downton was a supporter of Cook as Test captain but was persuaded to sack him as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous World Cup campaign . The new ` Director of England cricket ' might think Cook needs to go back to scoring runs at the top of the order after failing to convince as a tactician . Verdict : Vulnerable . Alastair Cook was sacked as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous World Cup campaign . Peter Moores . An atrocious World Cup heaped even more pressure on the coach , whose reappointment last year by Downton has been mitigated only by last summer 's Test series win against India . Described as ` the outstanding coach of his generation ' by Downton , Moores ' position is now as weak as it has been . Verdict : Vulnerable . Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board . Kevin Pietersen . It is almost inconceivable that barely six months after publishing one of the most vitriolic books in the history of sport , this high-maintenance player could be on the brink of a return . But Downton 's removal , and Giles Clarke 's departure , means the path is now clear for Pietersen if he scores runs for Surrey . Verdict : Return possible . Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in the hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad for England this summer . James Whitaker . The chairman of selectors and former Leicestershire captain has been involved in one of the grimmest periods in English cricket . Selections have been difficult to fathom at times and a series of well-publicised clangers have alienated the selector from players , spectators and media . Verdict : Sure to follow Downton out the door . The chairman of selectors James Whitaker -LRB- left -RRB- looks sure to follow Paul Downton through the exit door .