A grieving widow said she was frightened for the lives of herself and her family thanks to a ` nasty ' neighbour who terrorised them for seven years . During the course of her harassment , Pauline Bruce 's neighbour Yvonne Ireland Evans plagued her with silent calls , taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs . It 's not the quiet and peaceful life pensioners Pauline and her late husband Tony expected when they moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in Ludlow , Shropshire , following Tony 's retirement in 2002 . Scroll down for video . Pauline and her son John were terrorised by their next door neighbour for seven years . Next-door-neighbour Yvonne went from being a friend , to a nuisance , and then a threat to their safety . She did n't even show any compassion when Tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011 and continued to torment Pauline and her son from a previous marriage , John , when they were grieving his death a year later . Pauline reveals on Channel 5 's The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door how Yvonne turned on her after finding out she had struck up a friendship with another woman on the community park . Pauline explains : ` Our relationship started off very well , she was a very nice person , if she could help you in any way she would . She used to come in and have a cup of tea , we became friends . ' But it all changed when Pauline started spending more time with another neighbour as they were working on a gardening project together . Yvonne started ignoring her and when Pauline asked why , she was told : ` because I had a new best friend , she did n't want to know us any more . ' John holds up some secateurs like the one Yvonne Evans had her her hand when she attacked him . Pauline admits : ` I thought that was a bit petty , I did n't know you were restricted to one friend in life . ' But then Yvonne 's behaviour took a more sinister turn . She began making silent phone calls to the couple day and night . Pauline said : ` It unnerved us very much , you do n't know why people are making silent calls or who they are . ' They discovered Yvonne was the culprit after the police traced the calls . She was given a fixed penalty notice and fine . But Pauline said it only led to her harassment becoming worse . ` She 'd walk past the house and stick her fingers up at us . She started shouting abuse through the windows calling us peeping Toms and perverts - it went on like this for four years , ' Pauline recalled . ` It got to the stage where I 'd wake up and think `` I hope nothing happens today '' , I 'd always have a sick feeling in my stomach . ' Then in March 2011 Tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer and told he did n't have long to live . When Yvonne heard the news , instead of expressing sympathy , she mocked Tony telling him : ` You 've got cancer , you are going to die . ' She also started making her crank phone calls again . Pauline said : ` Tony was terminally ill so we had precious time left and to have that spoiled by someone making unnecessary phone calls made things worse . Why do it when you know he 's dying ? Why cause us this much hassle ? ' The couple again got the police involved and Yvonne pleaded guilty to harassment in court and was fined £ 100 . She signed a community resolution saying she would stay away from the family but she did n't stick to it . Yvonne , pictured in footage taken by John , would taunt the family about Tony 's cancer . When John was visiting one day , he said she threatened him with a four-foot long branch . John said : ` I was pottering around in the garden and she was on the other side of the fence . She started spurting her mouth off about Tony having cancer saying `` oh dear , guess who 's got cancer , and guess who 's got terminal cancer '' . ` I stepped closer and saw she had a weapon - a branch in her hand . ' John then filmed Yvonne with his mobile phone appearing to hit him with the branch over the fence . Following Tony 's death , John moved in with his mother to support her and he continued to be abused by Yvonne . ` As soon as I walked in the back gate she would be waiting for me , ' he said . Tony died in 2012 with no sympathy from Yvonne who instead harassed the family with crank calls . Despite being heterosexual , John said Yvonne would make homophobic jibes towards him as well as calling him a ` w ***** ' and a ` mummy 's boy ' . Then one day the abuse became physical after Yvonne 's dog attacked John 's , Scrappy , after leaping into their garden . John said : ` I heard a crash bang from the garden and Scrappy was in the jaws of a pretty big dog . ' John rescued Scrappy and kept Yvonne 's dog in the house , causing Yvonne to then climb over the fence , holding secateurs , demanding her pet back . ` She started hitting me screaming `` give me my dog back '' , ' John said . ` The secateurs missed my throat by an inch . ' Pauline witnessed the encounter and tried to intervene to stop Yvonne attacking her son . ` I was frightened for our lives . We told her to get back into her own garden and then we 'd give her her dog , ' she said . ` We called the police , I dread to think what she could have done . ' Yvonne told the police she had been acting in self defence so Pauline and John decided not to press charges . Instead , they collected all the evidence they had of Yvonne 's abusive behaviour and submitted it to the owner of the community park . This led to Yvonne being served an eviction notice and she was told to leave within eight weeks . Pauline said Yvonne continued to be ` nasty ' in this time and once again John said she hit him when he caught her prowling around his mother 's house at night . The mother and son were delighted and relieved when Yvonne was finally evicted . ` I 'm not sorry she 's gone I have a much more peaceful life now and can grieve for Tony , ' Pauline said . ` I 'm so sorry he was n't here to see the day she went . ` Soon I will get some new neighbours and I pray to God they will be nice and not neighbours from hell . ' The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door is on Channel 5 Wednesdays at 8 pm .