Sky launched its Buy and Keep scheme for customers this time last year but it has now opened the service to everyone across the UK and Ireland . It lets people stream movies straight to their TV , or to their mobiles using an app , as well as receive a hard copy in the post . Films can also be watched across multiple devices using a ` follow me ' function . Sky launched its Buy and Keep scheme -LRB- pictured -RRB- for customers this time last year but it has now opened the service to everyone in the UK and Ireland . It lets people stream movies straight to their TV , or to their mobiles using an app , as well as receive a hard copy in the post . Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky + HD subscribers . The firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors and the latest movies are added each week . Recent new releases have included The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 1 , The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington , alongside classics such Avatar , Back to the Future and Wizard of Oz . And typically these new releases are available to rent on Sky Store before they arrive on Sky Movies . Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky + HD subscribers . It is now available to everyone in the UK and Ireland . Recent new releases have included The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 1 , The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington , alongside classics such Avatar , Back to the Future and Wizard of Oz . New releases cost £ 13.99 and classics are £ 7.99 , but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage . By comparison , the latest releases on Talk Talk-owned Blinkbox start at £ 3.49 to rent or £ 8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep and watch on up to five devices . Films on Buy and Keep can be bought by creating an account , or signing in , at Skystore.com or through the Sky Store app on Android and iOS . New releases cost £ 13.99 and classics are £ 7.99 , but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage . By comparison , the latest releases on Talk Talk-owned Blinkbox start at £ 3.49 to rent or £ 8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep and watch on up to five devices . TV shows start at £ 1.89 to rent and £ 5.99 to buy . Films on Buy and Keep can be bought by creating an account , or signing in , at Skystore.com or through the Sky Store app on Android and iOS . Non-Sky TV customers in the UK can watch on their main TV via a NOW TV box , Roku or YouView box , while those in Ireland can watch via a Roku box . Nicola Bamford , Director of Sky Store said : ` People want the simplest and most convenient way to buy and watch the movies they love , which is why it 's great news that from today Buy and Keep will be available to everyone and across multiple devices . ` Sky Store offers the complete service - straight to your TV , across your devices and you get the DVD in the post too ' . The ` follow me ' function lets Sky Store customers start watching a movie on one of their registered devices , pause and then resume watching it on another registered device over the web . New releases cost £ 13.99 and classics are £ 7.99 , but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage . Recent new releases have included The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 1 , The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Paddington , alongside classics such Avatar and Back to the Future . By comparison , the latest releases on Blinkbox -LRB- pictured -RRB- start at £ 3.49 to rent or £ 8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep and watch on up to five devices . TV shows start at £ 1.89 to rent and £ 5.99 to buy . Users can register up to four devices and any movie can be streamed to two devices simultaneously . On Android devices , customers can browse , watch and buy while on iOS devices the Sky Store Player App lets them browse and watch movies they bought previously via their TV or on skystore.com . For existing Buy and Keep customers who have already used the service on their Sky + HD box , all of the movies they have bought will automatically appear in My Library in the app , ready to stream or download . Sky customers who now Buy and Keep on mobile devices can also chose to send the movie to their Sky + HD box as well .