On her son 's first birthday , Taniya Astbury expects to shed a tear of joy - as it 's a day she thought she 'd never see . Her little boy defied the odds - as well as doctors ' warnings - that he had no chance of survival . Benjamin was born 12 weeks early , weighing 1 lb 3oz , little more than a bag of sugar . He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations . Benjamin Astbury , who doctors said would not survive after he was born , has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday . He is pictured here with mother Tanyia , 36 . When he was born 12 weeks early , Benjamin weighed just 1 lb 30z , little more than a bag of sugar . At one point he had such severe breathing problems he was put into a paralysed state for six days while doctors tried to save his life . He was given just a 10 per cent chance of surviving , and his parents were told on many occasions he was too weak to live . But Benjamin battled on and has defied medics to approach his first birthday , and although he is still underweight at 13 lbs , is thriving at home with his family . His mother Mrs Astbury , 36 , from Buckley , North Wales , said his survival shows ` miracles do happen ' . ` There are times when my husband Steven and I have been absolutely distraught , ' she said . ` But miracles do happen and we are absolutely over the moon . ` Benjamin is doing really well at the moment and we are coming up to his first birthday despite having been told a number of times he would n't make it . Necrotising enterocolitis -LRB- NEC -RRB- is a serious illness in which tissues in the intestine -LRB- gut -RRB- become inflamed and start to die . This can lead to a hole developing which allows the contents of the intestine to leak into the abdomen -LRB- tummy -RRB- . This can cause a very dangerous infection . NEC is the most common surgical emergency in newborn babies and tends to affect more babies born prematurely than those born full-term . In many cases , NEC can be treated without surgery , by resting the bowel by using intravenous feeding and treating any infection with antibiotics . During this period , the child will have a nasogastric -LRB- NG -RRB- tube passed through their nose to drain off the contents of their stomach . They will also have a drip of fluids and medicines . However , the child will need an operation if they develop a hole in their bowel or do not respond to the treatment above . The operation is carried out under a general anaesthetic and can last between 30 minutes and four hours , depending on the severity of the NEC . Source : Great Ormond Street Hospital . ` He was so tiny when he was born and one of the nurses said he was the smallest she had ever seen in her 16 years at the hospital . ` But he is definitely a fighter - he has already been through so much . ' Benjamin spent his first days in the Wrexham Maelor 's Special Care Baby Unit before being transferred to Liverpool Women 's Hospital . He was diagnosed with necrotising enterocolitis , a condition where tissue in some portions of the bowel die . It means a hole can develop in the bowel , allowing the contents of the intestine to leak into the stomach , causing a very dangerous infection . The illness is one of the most common causes of death in premature infants . Benjamin was put on a ventilator to help him breathe and doctors warned he was extremely ill . A C-reactive protein infection marker test - which checks for levels of inflammation and infection in the body - showed a score of 324 . Less than four is considered a good score on the test . Benjamin underwent emergency surgery at Liverpool 's Alder Hey Hospital , which left him with two stomas - openings on the abdomen which allow waste to leave the body . In a matter of days his condition deteriorated and he was put into a paralysed state . He was hooked up to an oscillator , a machine used to help someone breathe when a ventilator is no longer working . The machine shook his body for six days , in order to relieve pressure from his lungs . Mrs Astbury said it was heartbreaking to see her son suffer . Benjamin had five cardiac arrests , two emergency bowel operations and was even put into a paralysed state on a ventilator for six days . He is now thriving at home with his family . His mother said : ` We are so proud of him and in awe of him we hope he can be an inspiration to others ' She said : ` It was really horrible to see . ` He was given steroids and he pulled through again but in September , after a reversal of the stomas , he began having breathing problems . ' Benjamin began to have laryngospasms , a brief spasm of the vocal cords that temporarily makes it difficult to speak or breathe . They are caused a partial blocking of the airwaves when breathing in . ` Just touching him or changing his nappy could turn him blue , ' Mrs Astbury said . ` Benjamin underwent another emergency operation on his bowel but he also had five cardiac arrests in this period up until Christmas which was very frightening but again , he has come through them . ' Now at home since the turn of the year , Benjamin will still have to endure further operations . But his mother is still delighted he is at home with his family . She said : ` To see him get close to his first birthday after everything that has happened is amazing . ` We are so proud of him and in awe of him we hope he can be an inspiration to others . '