Steve McClaren has called the constant speculation linking him with Newcastle ` disrespectful ' and insists his sole focus remains on trying to get Derby promoted to the Barclays Premier League . McClaren admitted there had been interest in him from Newcastle around the turn of the year , when Alan Pardew left as manager to take over at Crystal Palace . But with John Carver since appointed , the Rams head coach is reluctant to discuss the continuing reports . McClaren is understood to be one of two people on Newcastle 's short list for the head coach role at St James ' Park next season , according to reports in the North East . The other is thought to be Carver . Derby manager Steve McClaren has called speculation linking him with the Newcastle job as ` disrespectful ' John Carver is the current incumbent in the Newcastle hotseat having replaced Alan Pardew in January . Reports this week have suggested that McClaren could leave Derby should , like last season , he fail to get them promoted from the Championship via the play-offs . Asked if he intended to still be in charge at the iPro Stadium at the start of the 2015-16 campaign , the former England boss said : ` I am contracted to Derby County , so yes . ` I have got a contract here for the next two years after this and I hope to honour that contract . ` But it is football , that might change , who knows . But at the present moment I am the Derby County head coach and will remain so until things change . ` So , let 's get on with the job . My goal is to get in the play-offs and do as well as we can . ' On the reports linking him with Newcastle , McClaren added : ` I have n't got a clue if I 'm a candidate for the Newcastle job . McClaren insists his sole focus is steering Derby to promotion at the end of the season . ` I think there was no secret that there was an interest in December and January . We talked about that and in the end they did n't have a manager then . ` What they did was appoint a manager -LSB- John Carver -RSB- and that is what they have got , and he is fighting for the job . ` While somebody is in a job it is a little bit disrespectful . It 's disrespectful to John Carver , to Newcastle , my focus is purely on Derby . ` But this is newspapers and this is what they do , they speculate . At the present moment Newcastle does n't interest me , I am not thinking about that . I am thinking solely of Derby . '