The women who broke free from Cleveland 's ` house of horrors ' after a decade in captivity have revealed for the first time in their own words how they survived the traumatic ordeal . Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus recalled the years of rapes , torture and psychological games at the hands of Ariel Castro , a man who lived close to their homes in Ohio , and managed to lure them into his house with trust because his daughters were the girls ' friends . The brave survivors have written a book , Hope : A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland , which will be released on April 27 . In an excerpt , published in People magazine this week , Amanda and Gina , revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment . Scroll down for video . Amanda Berry , pictured following her escape from Ariel Castro 's ` house of horrors ' with her sister -LRB- left -RRB- and daughter -LRB- right -RRB- in 2013 . The survivor has described in her new memoir , how her daughter gave her the strength to go on during the harrowing ten-year ordeal . Amanda Berry , 29 , revealed in her first-person memoir about her abduction and imprisonment by Ariel Castro , that she was left confused by conflicted feelings towards him when he was kind to their daughter , whom she gave birth in captivity after being raped . Gina DeJesus , 25 , also shared the details of her horrifying ordeal in a new memoir with Amanda Berry , being published later this week . Amanda recalled how she had learned from TV news that her mother died of a heart attack , aged 43 , in March 2006 , while she was ` chained like a dog ' in Castro 's home . At this point , the teen had been missing for three years . Castro lured her into his home on April 21 , 2003 , on a promise to see his daughter , her acquaintance . He barricaded the 16-year-old in a room , told her to pull down her pants and raped her . She was then chained in the basement and repeatedly abused . Four days after she was captured , Castro turned on the news and saw her mother pleading for her safe return . She said that a silent Castro watched Louwana Miller beg for her daughter to come home . ` He has an odd look on his face , and then I realize : He 's proud , ' Amanda wrote about her monstrous captor . She also described in the People interview how Castro was much stronger than he looked , packing muscle beneath his rotund figure . ` To be around him was scary , ' Amanda recalled . ` He had these cold black eyes . We were afraid we were going to die . ' The Cleveland ` house of horrors ' survivors have written a book , being published on April 27 . Gina DeJesus was abducted using a similar ploy by Castro a year later . She described her abductor to People as ` always prepared ' . It later emerged that Michelle Knight , now 34 , had been imprisoned in a separate bedroom since August 2002 . A month after learning that her mother , Louwana Miller , had died , Amanda , realized she was pregnant by Castro in April 2006 . Although initially elated , she worried how Castro would react . Amanda wrote : ` I think my mom sent me this baby . It 's her way of giving me an angel . But I worry about what he 's going to do . ` Michelle told me that he beat her to make her miscarry . Will he let me carry my baby ? ' As the pregnant teen mourned her mother alone amid harrowing torture and abuse , she recalled how she made video tapes of news reports of her mom at vigils and watched them repeatedly . Amanda wrote in the memoir : ` I would rewind and hear her voice . I feel like she 's definitely here with me now . ' On Christmas Day , she gave birth in her prison of a home to daughter , Jocelyn , with the help of Michelle . Castro appeared delighted to have a new daughter , Amanda wrote . She recalled : ` When the baby started kicking , I reached for his hand and placed it on my stomach . ` I knew the baby would be safer if he was excited about being a new father . ' Castro told her that they were ` a family ' . The predator took the little girl , whom he called Pretty , to church and out to play while her mother remained in chains in his filthy , dilapidated home . Castro finally took the chains off the three women when Jocelyn started to notice them , even though Amanda tried to protect her daughter by telling her that they were only bracelets . Amanda described her confusion at feeling some warmth towards Castro when he treated their daughter well . She wrote : ` I know it 's wrong but I feel closer to him . I appreciate that he treats Jocelyn so well and buys her clothes and toys . ` I desperately want Jocelyn to have a normal life . On the days that he helps me do that , I actually feel some affection for him . I 'm so confused . ` How can he be good one minute and so cruel the next ? ' When Jocelyn was five years old , Amanda set up a kindergarten in their bedroom . Amanda asked Castro to buy books . She recalled how her daughter would sit at her ` Dora ' desk while Amanda , acting as teacher , would recite the Pledge of Allegiance with her . In November 2012 , Castro was becoming more agitated . He lost his job as a bus driver due to stress and began to wonder how he would be remembered in the newspapers because of what he had done . His daughter Jocelyn began to ask when she could go to a real school . Amanda Berry -LRB- pictured left as a teen -RRB- along with Gina DeJesus -LRB- right -RRB- and Michelle Knight were held captive in Ariel Castro 's Cleveland , Ohio home for 10 years . The broken front door of the house on Seymour Avenue in Cleveland Ohio where Amanda Berry kicked her way to freedom on May 6 , 2013 , more than a decade after she went missing . On May 6 , 2013 , a chance finally arose - Castro forgot to lock the door of her bedroom , and Amanda grabbed her daughter and bolted for the front door , kicking her way out through a bottom panel . Amanda described that heart-pounding break for freedom in an exclusive interview with Robin Roberts for ABC 's 20/20 to be aired next Tuesday . She said : ` I did n't know what to do , my heart immediately started pounding because I 'm like , `` is -- should I chance it ? ... He could be here any minute , if I 'm going to do it , I need to do it now . ' Following the daring escape , police descended on the home , freeing the other women and arresting Castro . He pleaded guilty in July 2013 to 937 counts including two charges of aggravated murder related to one act of forcing one of his victims to miscarry . The 53-year-old was sentenced to life in prison without parole , plus 1,000 years in August 2013 . He hanged himself in his prison cell less than a month into his sentence . Neither Gina nor Amanda is still in touch with fellow survivor Michelle Knight -LRB- pictured -RRB- but said in an interview that they wished her well for the future . Amanda recalls how mixed she felt when she learned from a text message that he killed himself . But despite being chained and raped for a decade by the monster , Jocelyn was his daughter and the little girl loved him . ` I do n't know what to feel , ' she wrote of that September night , as tears streamed down her face . Amanda and Gina revealed in their memoir , written with Washington Post journalists Mary Jordan and Kevin Sullivan , how their captor would play mind games and try to turn them against each other . However they began to establish bonds as they struggled through their darkest hours . Neither Amanda or Gina is currently in touch with fellow survivor Michelle Knight . In People Magazine , Gina said : ` I think we all did like each other at one point but then -LSB- Ariel -RCB- played us against each other so we could n't trust people . ' Amanda added that the difficulty of their situation was something that only the three women could understand and she wished Michelle the best for the future . The mother said that she was focused on moving forward in life and concentrating on doing the best for her now eight-year-old daughter . Gina , who is studying for her high school diploma , dreams of owning her own business . And both women said what they have been through left them happy , simply for being able to have regular lives , surrounded by their families . In chains : Ariel Castro killed himself in prison in September 2013 after being sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years for abducting the three women and holding them captive in his Ohio home .