The New Zealand family of fourteen who last month walked out of a remote Christian commune that shuns the outside world are adjusting well to life in the wider community , a relative said , with the father accepting a farm job and the family moving into a home with modern appliances . James and Hope Ben Canaan last month declared they were living in a ` false system ' and left the Gloriavale Christian Community , located at Lake Haupiri on New Zealand 's West Coast , with their twelve children and few worldly possessions . Founded by the Australian-born evangelical preacher Neville Cooper - now known by the name Hopeful Christian - Gloriavale is home to around 500 residents , sometimes known as Cooperites , who wear a plain , blue uniform and reject birth control . Scroll down for video . Free : The Ben Canaan family -LRB- picture supplied -RRB- have left behind Gloriavale for the outside world . Many family are pictured here in traditional Gloriavale uniforms , although they are now allowed to wear ` modest ' clothing . Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject the outside world . The Ben Canaans fled some 300 km south to the town of Timaru , where supporters from the Marchwiel Reformed Baptist Church community have helped them adapt to a world where Christmas and birthdays are celebrated and money is used to purchase goods and services . ' -LRB- They 're doing -RRB- really , really good , ' said Mr Ben Canaan 's aunt , Miracle , who herself fled the picturesque commune with her husband and ten children around six years ago . ` They are adapting very well . They 've got a job and everything . They 've had a lot of support . ' The family left Gloriavale , which is located at Lake Haupiri on the west coast of the South Island , for Timaru , around 320 km away . Gloriavale residents do not hold celebrations for birthday parties or Christmas . Miracle , the daughter of Neville Cooper -LRB- pictured speaking in a previous interview with New Zealand television -RRB- said the Ben Canaan family are adapting very well . The Ben Canaans ' close supporters have closed ranks around the family , who last month thanked the community for their support and requested privacy in order to ` settle into our new lives ' in Timaru . Sources familiar with Gloriavale , such as Miracle - one of Neville Cooper 's ten children - discussed the challenges of adjusting to life outside the commune in general terms to Daily Mail Australia . ` There 's just a complete struggle in the outside world , ' she said , adding that she had ` nothing ' when she left but ` managed to get away ' from the community ` without too much drama ' . ` It 's totally different to what you 've lived before . ` You know nothing of just normal , everyday stuff - like renting a home , insurance , any of those types of things . ` Often people do n't have their birth certificates or bank accounts . They do n't even know how to spend money , how to buy things . ` There 's birthday parties , Christmas - none of that was practised in the community ... It 's huge , adapting -LRB- to all of that -RRB- . ' The Ben Canaans will now be able to readily access personal technology , like mobile phones and have a television which they can watch without restrictions . Neville Cooper - now known by the name Hopeful Christian - is the Australian evangelist who founded the Gloriavale commune after clashing with church leaders in New Zealand and Australia . In 1995 , he spent almost a year in prison on sex abuse charges . Former Gloriavale residents tend to find it difficult to adapt from the outside world , a former resident told Daily Mail Australia . ` It 's totally different to what you 've lived before ' The Ben Canaans no longer have to wear their Gloriavale ` uniform ' . Instead , Miracle said they will now wear ` modest clothes ' . The women in the family will also have to adjust to a world where make-up is worn regularly . Author Fleur Beale , who wrote the book Sins of The Father about the 1989 escape of Neville Cooper 's son , Phil , and his family from the commune , said the biggest challenge the Ben Canaans would have would be financial , particularly given their 12 children . ` You can imagine what it 's like trying to find a place to live with a family like that , ' Ms Beale told Daily Mail Australia . Gloriavale residents are often dubbed ` Cooperites ' . Pictured is a Gloriavale wedding . The happy couple kiss as they are led from their wedding ceremony . ` You have n't been used to handling money or buying in a shop . And what do you wear ? ' The details of the Ben Canaans ' departure from Gloriavale remain unclear . Miracle said the community was not surrounded with large walls , but : ` There are different types of walls ... ` Psychological walls as well as physical barriers , but no access to telephones and long driveways to be able to leave . ' A spokesman for the commune , Fervant Steadfast , told the New Zealand Herald last month the family had been permitted to depart . ` If they want to go and live in Timaru , well , that 's their choice and that 's what they need to do . ` No one is here against their will . We only want people who want to be here . ' Nestled on the banks of the picturesque Lake Haipuri on New Zealand 's rugged West Coast , Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament . The community , which isolates itself from the outside world , was founded by Neville Cooper , a Australian evangelist . Cooper moved across the Tasman in 1969 with his wife , Gloria , and their ten children to found a Christian community . As its membership swelled , in 1991 they purchased land by the scenic lake to live off . Mr Cooper - a controversial figure who spent almost a year in prison on sex abuse charges in 1995 - would later change his name to ` Hopeful Christian ' . Fleur Beale , the author of the Gloriavale book Sins of the Father , said the most striking thing about Gloriavale was the ` control those in power ' - a group of elders - ` had over the ordinary people . ' ` The women , particularly - it would be miserable to be a woman in Gloriavale , ' Ms Beale told Daily Mail Australia . Birth control is non-existent . ` God wants you to get married and have as many children as you can . That 's why they have big families . ' Residents are required to wear a uniform . Women generally frock up in long , blue dresses - ` every single day ' , a former resident named Miracle told Daily Mail Australia . Meanwhile , men wear neckties , dark blue pants and a light blue sleeved shirt . And while the personal use of technologies such as television and mobile phones is rare among ` ordinary people ' , Ms Beale said the community was ` very innovative ' , with extensive commercial operations . Residents do not take any wages , but work hard for the community 's dairy and deer farms . The community consists of more than 80 families , according to Gloriavale 's official website , and they live together in large , communal hostels .