Turkey has lifted a block on social media sites in the country after Twitter , Facebook and YouTube agreed to remove chilling images of a prosecutor being held at gunpoint by left wing extremists . A Turkish court imposed the blocks yesterday because photographs of the deadly siege in which Mehmet Selim Kiraz was killed were being widely shared on social media . The 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital when two members of the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front -LRB- DHKP-C -RRB- stormed a courthouse and took him hostage - uploading the photographs of Kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process . Turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running the ` terrorist propaganda ' images , before going on to block access to Twitter , Facebook and YouTube yesterday when requests to remove the photographs were ignored . Scroll down for video . Chilling : Mehmet Selim Kiraz died after two members of the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse in Istanbul and took him hostage - uploading these photographs of Kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process . Shocking : A Turkish court had imposed the blocks because photographs of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and ` deeply upset ' the wife and children of Mehmet Selim Kiraz . Access to Twitter , Facebook and YouTube was re-established after the social media sites agreed to remove photographs of the deadly siege , which Turkey has branded ` anti-government propaganda ' . However Turkey has since threatened to block access to Google unless images of the siege are removed from its search function . The journalists group , Turkish Press Council , said that while it understood the authorities concerns over the publication of the prosecutors ' photographs , it said banning social media websites was in conflict with democracy . ` It is meaningless to totally shut down social platforms - which contain billions of useful information - to the use of the Turkish people because of some unsuitable content , ' the group said . Users meanwhile were sharing information on how to get around the ban on the Internet . Kiraz and both of his captors were killed when Turkish security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him . Gunshots were heard and smoke could be seen rising from the scene at the end of the six-hour stand-off . Grief : The family of Mehmet Selim Kiraz grieve over his coffin during his funeral at Eyup Sultan Mosque in Istanbul , Turkey . He died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation . Gathering : Prosecutors , lawyers and judges stand near a statue of Lady Justice during the funeral ceremony . Before imposing the blocks on the websites , Turkish authorities had tried to prevent newspapers printing images taken during the siege last week . The newspapers were accused by the government of ` spreading terrorist propaganda ' in sharing the images of the hostage-taking . A British national , of Polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front , according to reports . A Foreign Office spokeswoman said this morning : ` I can confirm that a British national has been arrested in Turkey and that we are offering consular assistance . ' Presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said : ` This has to do with the publishing of the prosecutor 's picture . What happened in the aftermath -LSB- of the prosecutor 's killing -RSB- is as grim as the incident itself . ` The demand from the prosecutor 's office is that this image not be used anywhere in electronic platforms ... The wife and children of prosecutor Kiraz have been deeply upset . The images are everywhere . ' After the block was lifted journalism group Turkish Press Council said that while it understands the authorities concerns over the publication of the prosecutors ' photographs , banning social media sites is in conflict with democracy . ` It is meaningless to totally shut down social platforms - which contain billions of useful information -- to the use of the Turkish people because of some unsuitable content , ' the group said . Critical : Prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz was taken to hospital with gunshot wounds but died of his injuries . Strength of feeling : Elvan has since become an icon for the Turkish far-left and his supporters accuse the authorities of covering up the circumstances and perpetrators of his death . Mr Kiraz , a father-of-two married to a judge who also worked at the courthouse , was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of Berkin Elvan . The 15-year-old was severely wounded after being hit on the head by a tear-gas canister fired by a police officer during anti-government protests in Istanbul in June 2013 . After spending 269 days in a coma , Elvan eventually died on March 11 last year . His death , and the subsequent investigation , have since become a rallying point for the country 's far-left . Last year , Turkey blocked access to YouTube and Twitter after audio recordings of a secret security meeting or tapes suggesting corruption by government officials were leaked on the social media sites . Turkey 's highest court , however , overturned the bans , deeming them to be unconstitutional . Previous moves by Turkish authorities to block the social media networks have provoked widespread criticism by Western governments and human rights organizations . Many tech-savvy users , including former President Abdullah Gul , had found ways to circumvent the bans both on Twitter and YouTube while they were in place .