Depraved militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have brutally stoned two gay men to death only seconds after they were photographed embracing and ` forgiving ' them . The shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis . Huge , bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing where the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their ` sins ' , before pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks . Shocking : The group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their ` sins ' , before pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks . Brutal : The shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis . Images of the horrific murder emerged on social media this afternoon and were hurriedly shared online by ISIS sympathisers who claim the photographs reveal the terrorists ' compassionate side . The sequence of four images begin by showing two blindfolded men standing side-by-side in a desert clearing while a group of ISIS gather alongside the on motorbikes . One of the two victims - who has curly hair , a thick beard and wears a black leather biker jacket - appears resigned to his fate as one of his soon-to-killers shoulders rests his hand of his shoulder . A second shot shows a close-up of the killers embracing the men and apparently forgiving them . The act appears to be genuine and there is nothing to suggest the victims mistakenly thought they had been pardoned . Their remarkably calm demeanor is instead likely to have been due to the men having been given a cocktail of medication to reduce their anxiety . ISIS is known to have used similar mind-altering drugs both in filmed executions and when carrying out public amputations . A third image shows a huge crowd of young men and boys gathered in the desert clearing to watch the atrocity take place . Preparing to die : One of the two victims - who has curly hair , a thick beard and wears a black leather biker jacket - appears resigned to his fate as one of his soon-to-killers shoulders rests his hand of his shoulder . Bloodthirsty : A large crowd of men and boys gathered in the desert clearing to watch ISIS ' latest atrocity . Wearing traditional Arab clothing , the bloodthirsty audience stand in a semi-circle only feet away from the spot where the men will be barbarically murdered . A number of motorbikes are seen in the background , suggesting that 's how many of the onlookers arrived at the execution site . The final image shows the two victims ' battered bodies on the ground as a group of at least four ISIS executioners stand over them , raining down rocks . News of the shocking murder comes as it emerged that armed forces battling against ISIS over the border in Iraq will finally receive the first batch of F-16 fighter jets it ordered four years ago . The shipment is expected to boost Iraq 's capabilities in battling ISIS in the country . Lt. Gen. Anwar Hama Amin said the fighters would arrive on July 12 along with the U.S.-trained Iraqi pilots and spare parts and would immediately begin carrying out operations , according to a statement posted late Wednesday on the Defense Ministry 's web site . Iraq ordered the 18 jets for nearly £ 2 billion in 2011 to supplement its almost non-existent air force .