A lone Iraq veteran set up camp outside a shamed fraternity , which is reeling from allegations that its members drunkenly taunted wounded soldiers , spat on servicemen urinated on the U.S. flag . Perry Clawson , a former Army colonel , was pictured Friday sitting outside the University of Florida 's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville , waving a Stars and Stripes of his own . Clawson , who said the members had ` p ***** d off ' servicemen across the country with their actions , pitched up outside the building , proudly displayed the flag which accompanied him on two tours of duty to Iraq . Shall not be moved : Perry Clawson , a retired Army colonel , pitched up outside the Zeta Beta Tau frat house in protest of their alleged treatment of wounded veterans . Disrespected : Nicholas Connole , pictured , said that braying students spat on him and his service dog as he tried to enjoy a vacation with his wife . Service : Connole is picutred above during on of his tours of duty in the Middle East . ` Disgusting ' : Linda Cope , who founded the retreat to honor her wounded son , said she saw frat members urinating on the U.S. flag . He was one of many veterans to respond to unedifying allegations that Zeta Beta Tau members had abused soldiers attending the Warrior Beach vacation retreat in Panama City Beach , the Gainesville Sun reported . The charity event provides vacations for maimed soldiers , their carers and families - but ran afoul of braying frat boys holding an event of their own earlier this month . One veteran , wounded Nicholas Connole , said frat members spat on him and his service dog from their balconies . He told local TV station WJHG : ` They actually spat on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts . ' Haley Riley , whose husband is another injured veteran , said students hurled beer bottles at attendees . Linda Cope , who founded the retreat after her son lost both his legs in an IED explosion , said that rowdy students even went so far as to urinated on the American flag . Suspension : The Zeta Beta Tau chapter at the University of FLorida has been suspended , and three of its members expelled . There is nothing to suggest anybody in the photograph above was involved . Zeta Beta Tau 's University of Florida chapter was suspended in the wake of the allegations , which university authorities are investigating . They have charged the organization with ` causing physical or other harm , obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft and property damage ' . The fraternity has expelled three members and is also holding its own investigation . The expelled frat members have not been named . It has yet to determine what exactly took place , but said in a statement that ` there is no doubt that some our members engaged in unacceptable behavior . ' While Panama City Beach police were called to deal with the frat members , they ultimately let the resort management handle them , and did not file any charges or write a police report . Zeta Beta Tau 's University of Florida chapter was already on probation after being found guilty of holding hazing rituals at the start of this academic year . It was already restricted to a limited events program - and will face even tougher penalties than usual if the university decides to take action . Another Zeta Beta Tau chapter , belonging to Emory University in Georgia , was also caught up in the allegations , but has denied that any of its students were involved .