The world 's third largest cruise liner today sailed past its sister ship as it made its way out of Southampton Docks on its maiden voyage . The Anthem of the Seas , which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers , towered over the Explorer of the Seas as it departed the Hampshire dock this afternoon . The cruise liners , which are both owned by Royal Caribbean International , will both be based in Southampton and serve Europe and the Mediterranean over the summer . As the season comes to a close , the Anthem of the Seas will then move to New York Harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from Cape Liberty Cruise Port to Bermuda , the Caribbean , Canada and New England . The highly-anticipated new cruise ship , which was officially named earlier this week , is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer and bring an estimated £ 50,000 to the local economy . Featuring robotic bartenders , skydiving , circus training , surfing simulators , indoor bumper car racing , roller skating rinks , an adult-only spa , aerial observatory and 18 distinctive on board restaurants , the ship is widely classed as the next generation cruise liner . Meanwhile , the veteran Explorer of the Seas , which enjoyed its maiden voyage 15 years ago , has been given somewhat of a refurbishment and now also includes a surfing simulator , 3D movie cinema and additional restaurants . The ship , which has 15 decks and a capacity of more than 3,000 passengers , also boasts a rock-climbing wall , ice-skating rink and full-size basketball and will serve northern Europe , the Mediterranean and the Canary Islands until September . Making waves : The Royal Caribbean 's newest cruise ship , The Anthem of the Seas -LRB- middle -RRB- - which is now the world 's third largest liner and can carry nearly 5,000 passengers - sailed past the newly-refurbished Explorer of the Seas -LRB- top -RRB- as she made her way out of Southampton Docks earlier today . The ship 's , which are both owned by Royal Caribbean , will be based at Southampton Docks this summer and will sail around Europe . However , after the summer , The Anthem of the Seas will move to New York and will sail regularly to Bermuda , the Caribbean , Canada and New England . The Anthem of the Seas - the world 's third largest cruise liner - has 16 decks and a capacity for nearly 5,000 passengers , while the Explorer of the Seas - which once itself was the world 's largest liner - has 15 decks and room for just over 3,000 passengers and 1,180 crew members . The Anthem of the Seas , which was delivered to Royal Caribbean International on April 10 and christened and officially named in a special ceremony this week , is expected to bring £ 50million alone to the local economy during its stay in Southampton Docks during the summer . The Anthem of the Seas -LRB- pictured -RRB- , arrived in Southampton earlier this month for its special naming ceremony . The impressive ship , which features a host of entertainment facilities and amenities , carries 4,180 guests at double occupancy and features 2,090 staterooms in total . Passengers with a head for heights can take a ride in a transparent capsule for amazing ocean views on the Anthem of the Seas , which also has the option to allow passengers to go skydiving , circus training , use FlowRider surfing simulators , bumper car racing and roller skating . The Anthem of the Seas , which has capacity for almost 5,000 passengers and will move across the Atlantic later this year , features a surf simulator and even has a virtual skydiving machine . It also has an adult-only Solarium and spa with shaded cabanas , a Jacuzzi and bistro . Adrenaline junkies will also be able to enjoy the dodgems as part of the amazing variety of entertainment on board the new cruise liner . The Anthem 's Wonderland restaurant will serve imaginative cuisine which Royal Caribbean International claims will be a ` feast for the senses ' 120 drinks an hour mixed by robotic bartenders . 18 restaurants including Jamie 's Italian . 2090 cabins , 1,571 with a balcony and 375 with a ` virtual ' balcony -- a screen showing the sea . £ 670m cost of building the giant vessel . 8 swimming pools and whirlpools across 18 decks . £ 50m boost to economy of Southampton . 300 foot height at which glass capsule observatory rises above the ocean waves . 1500 crew to look after 4,905 passengers . 80,000 guests are expected to holiday on the ship this summer season . 1300 guests invited to the naming ceremony .