A loving boyfriend has granted his girlfriend her birthday wish of having their wedding photographs taken - even though they ca n't officially get married yet because she is bedridden in hospital . Guo Kai and girlfriend Dong Hui , who turned 22 on Monday , had been planning to get married this month in Sichuan in southwest China . But Dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital , meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed , reported the People 's Daily Online . Big day : Dong Hui , 22 , was diagnosed with bone cancer last month but still wanted to have wedding photographs taken for her birthday . You may kiss the bride : The couple had planned to tie the knot this month , but had to make do with the photos for now . Besotted : Guo Kai -LRB- pictured right -RRB- has been at his girlfriend 's bedside every day . Instead , family and friends helped Dong put on a beautiful wedding dress so that a team of professional photographers could take pictures for the besotted couple . Dong had to stay lying down the whole time due to her condition , which causes severe pain and can lead to joint dysfunction . After medical staff removed her catheter , her friends showed Dong three wedding dresses to choose from . She chose one with embroidered flowers and had her make-up done , before her husband-to-be handed her a bouquet of red roses . As they posed together , Dong whispered to her partner : ` To have you at my side is so important for me ' . Since she has been admitted to hospital , Guo - who is now a firefighter - has constantly been at her bedside to attend to her every need . Commitment : Guo arranged for professional photographers to come to the hospital to take the pictures . Romantic : The couple met last year after a mutual friend introduced them and they quickly fell in love . To help with her treatment Dong needs to be turned once every hour . Guo has set 24 alarms on his phone to make sure he does not forget . The couple met a year ago after a mutual friend introduced them to each other , and they quickly fell in love . Guo said to his bride-to-be : ` I love you - marry me . I will make sure every day in the hospital will be a happy one and I will be with you as you win this battle . I believe you will recover and stand up again . ' Overwhelmed : The bride-to-be got emotional as friends and family congratulated the couple . Vow of love : The couple exchanged rings , even though they ca n't officially get married yet . He later added : ` I just want to make sure that this birthday is full of happiness and meaning for Dong . ` The wedding and photo shoot is a dream for us all and something we had planned for . ' ` Dong Hui and I both experienced the 2008 Wenchuan earthquake and understand the value of life so no matter what difficulties we encounter we will face them together . ' Dream dress : Friends brought three wedding gowns to the hospital for Dong to choose between .