Just 13 and in the grip of a terrifying obsession surviving on just one piece of fruit a day , anorexic schoolgirl Laura Scurr 's body started to shut down . The 15-year-old , from Whitley Bay , was left on a heart machine after she collapsed through starvation but has now spoken about pressures put on teenagers to be a ` size zero ' . Laura became so obsessed with having the perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed , lying to her mother about eating and sometimes surviving on just a piece of fruit a day . Scroll down for video . Laura Scurr , 15 , has spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero after , having becoming obsessed with her own weight , she developed anorexia . But her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences when she suddenly collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care . Laura has spoken about her two-year fight with anorexia and revealed the pressures she felt to be thin . She said : ` At the worst point I was hiding food down the sides of the settee or beds , lying to my mum about having meals , and eating about 100 calories a day . ` I would even try to have mashed potato with each meal so I could hide the rest of the food under it , that way it looked like I 'd ate more . ' After spending a week on a heart monitor at North Tyneside General Hospital , Laura was finally offered support from eating disorder organisations as she began her recovery . Problems started for the teen two years ago when she decided she wanted to go on a diet . ` I was nearly 13 stone and felt like I was too big , ' Laura said . ` I 'd been bullied a little bit because of my weight , people saying things like ` here comes the whale ' and that made me feel horrible . Laura was living off just one piece of fruit a day and would hide her food down the side of her bed so her parents would n't see it . Laura continued : ` I would look around at the other girls and they all seemed to be skinny and , of course , I wanted to be like them and fit into all the different types of clothes . ` But it was n't just people I knew . I felt there was a lot of pressures from all over the place . Everywhere you looked there seemed to be this idea that girls should be a size zero . ' Laura agreed with mum Sue , 48 , to go on a ` sensible diet ' but soon the Whitley Bay High School pupil became frustrated , wanting to lose more weight , quicker . According to the NHS Anorexia or Anorexia nervosa , to give its full name , is a serious mental health condition in which people try to keep their body weight as low as possible . It is often said that people will often restrict their intake of food , make themselves vomit or increase the amount of exercise they are doing . The condition often develops in people who are anxious about their body shape or weight , or in those who fear being fat or wish to be thin . Anorexia most commonly occurs in women , starting around the age of 16 or 17 . Although there are cases of men suffering from the disease too . Often people suffering from anorexia will obsessively count calories , take laxatives and repeatedly weight themselves or check their bodies in the mirror . If you think you know someone who is suffering from the disease talk to them gently about it . Often it can be hard for them to seek help . You can also seek advice from an eating disorder charity such as Beat , who will be able to talk you through how to help them and how to handle the situation . In February 2015 it was estimated that around 725,000 people were suffering from an eating disorder in the UK - 10 per cent of those were suffering from anorexia . ` It was coming off quite slowly , at about 2 lbs a week , ' said Laura . ` But I became much more obsessive about it and decided to reduce my calorie intake . ` In the end , I was virtually eating nothing , maybe an apple or orange a day . ` I could tell my parents were getting worried , they could n't understand why I did n't want to eat . ' Lack of food soon took its toll on Laura 's health and her heart rate started slowing . She said : ` I was in bed for three or four days , never going out of the house . ` I would feel dizzy or pass out because my heart rate was so slow . ' Finally after a week of eating virtually nothing , Laura collapsed . No happy and healthy Laura has made it to the semi final of Miss Teen GB , the competition aims to stay away from size zero stereotypes . Sue , who works in sales , said : ` An ambulance was called and she was taken to hospital and put on the heart monitor for a week . Her body had just started to shut down . ` It was frightening , I was shocked that this was happening to my daughter . ` I remember sitting by her hospital bed and saying `` Laura , do you realise how sick you are ? '' but she just said `` I do n't care , as long as I 'm skinny '' . ` It was then I realised just how much pressure she , and all girls , were under to look a certain way . ' After getting discharged Laura began working with eating disorder teams -LRB- EDICT -RRB- and Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services -LRB- CAMHS -RRB- to help in her recovery . Today , her body image is better than ever and her new-found confidence has allowed her to make it through to the semi final of Miss Teen GB . The contest aims to promote ` positive and confidence-building experiences ' for young girls , away from size zero stereotypes .