David Cameron will say that high taxes are ` immoral ' as 14 million working households receive a tax cut . David Cameron will say today that high taxes and wasteful government spending are ` immoral ' as millions receive a tax cut . As 14million working households -- more than nine in ten -- are given an average boost of £ 200 a year to their incomes , the Prime Minister will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money -- because they ` know best ' how it should be spent . And he will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes , with less spent on ` bureaucracy ' and ` crackpot Government schemes ' . ` There is no such thing as public money , there is only taxpayers ' money , ' he will say . ` And we believe it 's people -- not politicians -- who know best how to spend their own money . And that 's what today is all about . ' He will add that it is ` wrong -- frankly immoral -- for Government to spend money like it grows on trees ' . Among the raft of changes coming into effect today , on what Mr Cameron will dub ` money back Monday ' , are : . Other measures to encourage saving will also begin , with the Isa limit increasing to £ 15,240 and the 10p savings tax band abolished . Treasury analysis shows the changes will benefit 14million working households to the tune of £ 17 a month . And nearly million pensioner households -- more than nine in ten -- will benefit by £ 15 a month . Middle income households earning around £ 23,000 a year will benefit the most , and the top ten per cent of earners the least . Today will also see the abolition of the old pensions annuities , allowing retirement money to be accessed like a current account . Mr Cameron will say the changes make Britain a ` better and fairer place to live ' , adding that low taxes ` go to the heart of what I believe as a Conservative . ` For me , there 's the economic case : That , in a competitive world , we need to incentivise work by making it pay . ` There 's the progressive case : That the best way to help with living standards is to let people keep more of the money they earn . ` But above all , there is the moral case : That it is wrong -- frankly immoral -- for Government to spend money like it grows on trees . ' He will also pledge to eliminate the deficit ` without reaching into working people 's pockets like Labour would ' . However , in a speech in Yorkshire , Shadow chancellor Ed Balls will point to figures from the Institute for Fiscal Studies showing families are £ 1,100 a year worse off over the past five years as a result of government tax and spending changes . And he will warn that the Conservatives will raise VAT . Mr Balls will say : ` David Cameron and George Osborne are going round the country telling people they 've never had it so good . How out of touch can they get ? ` The truth is millions are worse off because of this government 's choices . ` And while millions are paying more , millionaires are paying less . Two years ago today they gave the top one per cent of earners in our country a £ 3billion a year tax cut . ' Shadow chancellor Ed Balls will point to figures from the Institute for Fiscal Studies showing families are £ 1,100 a year worse off over the past five years as a result of government tax and spending changes . The Lib Dems said that the changes to income tax had been part of their manifesto and said Labour would cost 24million taxpayers £ 340 a year . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg will say today : ` In government , we secured a tax cut totalling £ 825 every year for millions of ordinary working people . We now plan to take this further , raising the -LSB- tax-free personal allowance -RSB- threshold to £ 12,500 and giving millions of people a further tax cut worth nearly £ 400 . '