Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £ 24million deal for Alvaro Negredo to fund a move for Radamel Falcao . Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla as soon as he played for the La Liga club . Reports in Spain on Thursday suggested that Valencia are having second thoughts about keeping Negredo next season , but City are adamant that the deal will go through as planned . VIDEO Scroll down to see Negredo practice his rabonas . Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £ 24million deal for Alvaro Negredo . Negredo did n't celebrate after scoring against Levante on Monday , sparking speculation about his future . There had been suggestions that Valencia were trying to finance a deal for Radamel Falcao . The 29-year-old striker scored 23 goals in his first season at the Etihad following a £ 20.6 m move from Sevilla , but he has only found the net five times for Valencia . When he scored in Monday 's 3-0 win over Levante , the Spain striker refused to celebrate , fuelling speculation over his future at the club . Victory kept Valencia in fourth place in La Liga and on course to qualify for the Champions League , but financial problems mean they are already struggling to hold onto key players like defender Nicolas Otamendi . It has not stopped Valencia being linked with a summer move for Falcao who is set to leave Manchester United at the end of his season-long loan from Monaco . Falcao 's agent Jorge Mendes has been acting as an advisor to Valencia owner Peter Lim , and offloading Negredo was seen as one way of affording the Colombia star . Meanwhile , City had scouts watching FC Porto 's surprise 3-1 Champions League win over Bayern Munich on Wednesday night , with the home team 's Brazilian left-back Alex Sandro said to be the main focus of interest . Manchester City scouts were deployed to watch Porto full back Alex Sandro -LRB- right -RRB- this week .