Landlord : Despite attacking right to buy , Emily Thornberry has three homes . A senior Labour politician was under fire last night for attacking right to buy -- while renting out a property she bought from a housing association . Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron 's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes . But eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £ 1million . Tories said Miss Thornberry , who lost her frontbench job after tweeting a sneering picture of a house covered in England flags and with a white van outside , opposed right to buy but not ` right to buy to let ' . ` This hypocrisy goes right to the heart of Ed Miliband 's Islington-based , out-of-touch Labour Party , ' said Henry Smith , who is seeking re-election as Conservative MP for Crawley . ` They speak out against plans that help the aspirations of hardworking people on days when it 's politically useful . ' Housing association chiefs have also been accused of hypocrisy for drawing huge salaries and living in mansions while wishing to deny tenants a foot on the property ladder . Ruth Davison , of the National Housing Federation , which represents housing associations , has a £ 1million home in fashionable Islington , north London . Miss Thornberry yesterday retweeted an article from the federation attacking right to buy . And , in a question-and-answer session last week , the Labour candidate for Islington South and Finsbury criticised the policy directly . She said : ` I do n't have a problem per se with people being able to buy their council flat or council house , so long as it is replaced like for like . ` And that 's what the problem has been . There has been a massive sell-off but they have not been replaced . ' Council house tenants in England can already buy their home at a discount of up to £ 103,900 . The Tories would extend this to 800,000 housing association tenants who now have limited purchase rights and to 500,000 who have no rights at all . Around 2.7 million people live in these properties . The subsidies would be funded by making councils sell their more costly properties when they become vacant . Each would be replaced on a one-for-one basis . The picture that cost Miss Thornberry her job as shadow attorney general was taken during the Rochester by-election , which was won by Ukip . The case highlighted just how much high-value property Miss Thornberry owned . Costly tweet : Emily Thornberry lost her frontbench job after tweeting this picture , with the sneering caption ` Image from #Rochester ' while on the campaign trail in Medway , Kent . She lives with her husband , high court judge Sir Christopher Nugee , in a four-storey Victorian townhouse on an exclusive crescent in Barnsbury , north London , worth almost £ 3million . Emily Thornberry was forced to resign from the shadow cabinet in November after sneering at a home with St George 's flags hung outside and a white van on the drive . She said she had ` never seen anything like it ' after tweeting a photo of the terraced home while on the campaign trail for the Rochester and Strood by-election in Kent . The then-shadow attorney general , who lives in a £ 3million north London house , wrote mockingly alongside the photo : ` Image from Rochester . ' At first she tried to defend her remarks but was told to quit within hours of the tweet . The home 's owner , cage fighter Dan Ware , 37 , branded her a ` snob ' . Speaking at the time , leader Ed Miliband said : ` Respect is a basic rule of politics and I 'm afraid her tweet conveyed a sense of disrespect . ' Miss Thornberry also owns a £ 600,000 flat in Guildford , Surrey , which she bought for her mother in 2000 . In March 2007 , her husband bought the housing association property in Finsbury at auction for £ 572,000 . The three-storey townhouse was bought from Ujima , a housing association catering largely for ethnic minority tenants , which went bust just months later . It is now let . The fact a housing association sells a property does not necessarily mean social housing stock has fallen . They could use the cash to build in a cheaper area . During part of her childhood , Miss Thornberry lived in a council house . At the age of seven , her parents divorced and she and her two younger brothers moved into social housing with their mother . Labour politicians continued to attack the right to buy extension yesterday . David Lammy , a potential London mayoral candidate , tweeted : ` Extending right to buy is one of the most senseless and irresponsible pledges ever made by a British political party . ' Last night a YouGov poll for the Policy Exchange think-tank suggested 50 per cent back extended right to buy . Housing fat cat who hates right to buy is a Labour supporter with £ 1m home . Hypocrite ? Ruth Davison , leading critic of David Cameron 's plan to extent the right to buy scheme is a Labour party member and the owner of a £ 1million house in Islington , London . The leading critic of Conservative Party plans to give housing association tenants a right to buy herself lives in a £ 1million house . As director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation , Ruth Davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes . But just as she did not advertise the fact that she is a member of her local Labour party in Islington , North London , neither has she revealed just how comfortable her own house is . In reality she has been one of the country 's biggest gainers from the private property boom . She also earned hefty salaries in public bodies for years when Labour was in power . Miss Davison , 44 , and husband Chris Bailey , 47 , who describes himself as an ` urban regenerator , non-profit board member and social entrepreneur ' , bought a large terrace house in Islington for £ 440,000 ten years ago . It has now rocketed to more than £ 1million in value . Yet on behalf of the fat-cat housing association bosses she speaks for , Miss Davison has been across the newspapers and broadcasters this week fighting to stop the Conservative election campaign proposal to extend ` right to buy ' legislation from council house tenants to the 2.7 million people living in housing association properties . Under the scheme , housing association tenants would receive discounts of tens of thousands of pounds on the market value of their homes . Miss Davison told the BBC in response to the Tory right-to-buy plans on Tuesday that it was wrong to effectively give money to ` some of the most securely housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents ' . She added : ` We are independent organisations and charities -- you can no more force a housing association to sell their assets at less than they 're worth than you can force Tesco , or even Cancer Research . So housing associations would have to be fully recompensed for any sale . There will be a cost to the taxpayer . ' Miss Davison 's first major taxpayer-funded role under Labour was at the Audit Commission , with other senior roles at Bedford and Hertfordshire Strategic Health Authority and the National Patient Safety Agency . Last night Miss Davison said : ` The price of a family house is now beyond the reach of many -- I could n't afford to buy my home now . ` We need to build more homes of all types to make housing more affordable for everyone , not just give money away to the lucky few . '