Two base jumpers who broke their backs and were told they may never walk again after they fell 500ft have started jumping again . Austin Carey , 23 , and Jay Rawe , 25 , plummeted onto a riverbank when their parachutes tangled at the Perrine Bridge , Idaho , and were left badly injured . But a year later , after intensive recovery , both men have returned to the sport they love - and Mr Carey has even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge . Austin Carey -LRB- bottom -RRB- and Jay Rawe -LRB- right -RRB- were left with broken vertebrae after a base jump off Pennine Bridge in Idaho went wrong and the fall almost killed them , one year on both have returned to the sport . Mr Carey was told he may never walk again after being injured , but he recovered to return to the jump this year . The pair had been attempting a risky ` totem pole waterfall ' manoeuvre when Jay lost his balance and pulled out his friend 's parachute and landed inside of it . The jump on March 24 last year was being recorded by spectators and they watched as the pair spiraled to the beach below . Stunned spectators - who recorded the near-fatal fall - could only gasp in horror as they spiralled onto the beach below . Both suffered fractures to the spine - and Mr Carey was told he might not walk again . Last month - almost a year to the day - the 23-year-old retraced his steps by successfully base jumping again from the Perrine Bridge . He said : ` It was such an amazing feeling to be back there after everything I had been through and all the work I have put into making my dream of jumping again a reality . Mr Rawe suffered fractures to his spine after he plummeted 500ft to a river bank when the fall went wrong . ` Because of what happened to Jay and me I 've accepted death as a possibility - but I ca n't dream of a life without doing what I love . ' Mr Carey , of Fort Wayne , Indiana , has no memory of the fall but Mr Rawe remembers it clearly . He said : ` I remember standing on Austin 's shoulders and getting ready while our friends held him there . ` Austin gave the 3-2-1 countdown and I remember falling backwards and trying to jump onto the handrail , missing it , hitting the diving board and starting to flip . ` I grabbed his pilot chute and tried to unwrap his bridle from around my leg . I then landed in his parachute , looked up and saw the sky above me and his canopy flapping around . As Mr Carey jumped off the ledge of the bridge , Mr Rawe -LRB- left , top -RRB- got his foot stuck on the railings , the pair then began to tumble towards the river bank 500ft below -LRB- right -RRB- without their parachutes opening properly . As they fell Mr Rawe got stuck in Mr Carey 's parachute -LRB- left -RRB- and the pair got closer to the ground -LRB- right -RRB- . By standers saw Mr Rawe trying to untangle himself from the parachute -LRB- left -RRB- and Mr Carey a crumpled heap -LRB- right -RRB- after the pair spiraled at speed towards the ground below the base jumping site . ` The sound was significantly different from any other base jump and I remember thinking how I needed to get out of that position . ` I kicked my feet over my head , fell out , and remember spinning at the ground as it got closer and knowing that we were gon na hit . ` Next thing I remember is waking up and sitting upright to catch the breath that had been knocked out of me . There were people all around , calling the emergency services , making sure we were staying still . ' The pair were taken to hospital and had to undergo emergency 10-hour surgeries . Mr Rawe added : ` Seeing it on film the first few times made my stomach drop out like I was riding a roller-coaster . ' Mr Carey was recovering in hospital weeks after the fall and said moving his legs caused him immense pain . Both men had to undergo emergency 10-hour surgery for injuries to their backs , Mr Rawe 's is shown . He suffered fractures and damage to his vertebrae and a sprained right ankle in which the ligament was completely ` torn off the bone ' . Mr Carey 's injuries were more serious . He fractured his vertebrae , and suffered an incomplete spinal cord injury . Some of his vertebrae was almost split in half by the impact . The pair had done almost 500 base-jumps between them when they were injured . Mr Carey had to have a thumbnail-sized piece of bone removed from his spinal cord and Mr Rawe had some of his vertebrae fused with titanium . While Mr Rawe , from Florida , battled back onto his feet within a few weeks Mr Carey faced the prospect of never walking again . After months of rehabilitation Mr Carey started to improve and became determined to get walking again . The base jumper was left in a wheelchair and began undergoing painful therapy to learn to walk again . After seven months in a wheelchair Mr Carey was able to walk again , having trained in his high school pool . He spent three months in a back brace and seven months in a wheelchair , taking every opportunity to workout in his high-school swimming pool to strengthen his body . He said : ` The recovery process was insane . At first I could barely get out of bed because of the pain . The whole time I would feel severe nerve pain that would make me scream in agony for hours . It felt as though someone was holding a taser to my legs . ' He was treated at the Saint Alphonsus Regional Medical Center Hospital , Idaho and Mr Rawe at St Luke 's Magic Valley Medical Center , Twin Falls and Tampa General Hospital , Florida . Almost a year to the day of the near fatal jump Mr Austin returned to the bridge to do it again successfully . The 23-year-old avid base jumper says he wants to continue the sport and may next try wing suit base jumping . This time there were no problems and the 23-year-old sailed to the ground , determined to continue the sport . Both have now made unexpected recoveries and returned to base jumping , despite being involved in the near-fatal accident . Mr Carey , a fitness coach , said his mother raised concerns about him returning to the sport . He said : ` She is the strongest , most giving person I will ever meet . If something happened to me again I ca n't imagine what she would go through . But she knows how much this means to me and how much joy it gives me . ' Mr Carey said he plans next to try wing suit base jumping . Mr Rawe made a remarkable recovery from the fall and around six months later was back base jumping . The 25-year-old began base jumping last October and went to Fayetteville in West Virginia to base jump . In October 2014 Mr Rawe returned to the sport at Fayetteville , West Virginia , and said he has no plans to put down his parachute . ` Giving it up never really seemed like an option to me , ' he said . ` My family would like me to stop out of the fear that I will injure myself again - but life is too short to not do the things that I love . '