Bali Nine ringleaders Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan will today find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed . A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair 's lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo 's decision to deny the two Australians clemency . The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair 's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid . Sydney men Chan , 31 , and Sukumaran , 33 , are currently awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan with seven other prisoners after they were transferred from their home of almost ten years -- Bali 's notorious Kerobokan prison -- in a dramatic show of force , over a month ago . Scroll down for video . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their Indoesian death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday . Shackled and handcuffed : Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran cut sad figures as they were escorted by four faceless Indonesian police officers across the tarmac after being taken from Korobokan prison in Bali to their final destination , Death Island . The court in February rejected their legal challenge for clemency , determining the decrees by President Widodo were not within its jurisdiction . If it overturns this decision on Monday , lawyers will then argue Mr Joko did not fulfil his obligations when he issued a blanket rejection of clemency to Chan and Sukumaran , as he plans to do to more than 50 other death row drug offenders . If the court upholds its earlier decision , it 's not known what move the lawyers will take next in their efforts to spare the men . Lawyer for Chan and Sukumaran , Leonard Arpan , last week said they had done their best for their Australian clients . President Joko Widodo previously rejected the Australian pair 's clemency bids . The pair are currently being held in isolation on the prison island . Family members of Australian death row prisoners Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran leave Nusakambangan prison island after visiting the two prisoners on March 9 . On Sunday , Jakarta 's Catholic Archbishop , Ignatius Suharyo Hardjoatmodjo , told reporters he was saddened by Indonesia 's use of the death penalty , which he described as a `` failure of humanity '' . Also distressing for the archbishop was the severe treatment of Chan and Sukumaran when they were moved last month from their Bali jail cells to Nusakambangan , which involved a fighter jet escort . `` These men were handcuffed , was it necessary to be guarded by Sukhoi ? '' he told reporters after his Easter Sunday service . A smiling Djoko Hariutomo , the police commissioner of the Balinese capital of Denpasar , poses for a photo with his hand upon the shoulder of condemned prisoner Andrew Chan inside the plane before take off for the Australian Bali Nine kingpin 's final flight to the island where he will be executed . Surrounded by armed police officers officers and on the road of no return , 33-year-old Australia Myuran Sukumaran looks up at Bali police commissioner Djoko Hariutomo who posed with the two condemned Australians before their take off from Denpasar airport for the two hour flight to ` death island ' `` For me that 's not strictness , for me that 's very saddening because it 's obvious that power wants to show itself and human dignity is not cherished . '' Jakarta is awaiting all of the 10 prisoners in line for the firing squad to run out of options for court appeals before setting a date for their executions . Sukumaran and Chan are facing execution alongside Filipino woman Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso , French citizen Serge Areski Atlaoui , Ghanaian citizen Martin Anderson and the only Indonesian citizen among the group Zainal Abidin bin Mgs Mahmud Badarudin . Also facing the firing squad with the two Australians is Raheem Agbaje Salami , a Nigerian holding a Spanish passport , Brazilian citizen Rodrigo Gularte and Nigerian citizens Sylvester Obiekwe Nwolise and Okwudili Oyatanze . Seven of thE convicted criminal are -LRB- top row from left -RRB- Australians Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan , Frenchman Serge Atlaoui and Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte -LRB- Bottom row from left -RRB- Nigerian Raheem Agbaje Salami , Filipina Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso , and Nigerian Silvester Obiekwe Nwolise .