Eight deputies were filmed beating and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes as he lay dormant in the southern California desert . An NBC helicopter was following the San Bernardino County officers as they pursued a 30-year-old man , Francis Pusok , who was believed to have stolen horse on Thursday afternoon . The footage shows two deputies catch up with Pusok on foot after he falls off the horse , and they stun him with a Taser . He falls to the ground before standing up and trying to flee . They stun him again , and again , before launching over to kick him between the legs . Attack : Two deputies were captured on film kicking Francis Pusok , an alleged horse thief , in the groin . Escalated : By the end of the two minutes , there were eight deputies surrounding and beating Pusok 's body . As he lies splayed face-down on the ground , they continue to beat him with their fists and stun guns . Thirty seconds in , another deputy runs to join , followed quickly by three more . Huddled in a pack over the man they each continue to pummel their fists into his back and head , some standing to kick . Meanwhile , another stands calmly holding the horse by the saddle . Chase : He had been seen riding the horse through the desert of San Bernardino on Thursday afternoon . Apprehended : An NBC film crew helicopter captured the moment he was stunned with a Taser . He tried to get up but they stunned him again before starting the beating . The San Bernardino County sheriff , John McMahon , has ordered an investigation into the incident , branding the video ` disturbing ' . A Sheriff 's Department statement says deputies tried to serve an identity-theft warrant on 30-year-old Francis Pusok of Apple Valley . Pusok allegedly sped off in a car that he abandoned , then stole a horse in Hesperia and galloped through rugged terrain . Deputies arriving by helicopter jolted him with a stun gun . He was taken to a hospital with unknown injuries . San Bernardino County sheriff , John McMahon , has ordered an inquiry , branding the video ` disturbing '