Bacary Sagna could end the season trophyless and lower than Arsenal in the Premier League but the Manchester City defender insists he has no regrets about leaving the Emirates for the Etihad . Sagna 's acrimonious departure from Arsenal when his contract expired at the end of last season left many Gunners fans dismayed at a perceived lack of loyalty from the defender . The France international has played only 16 times for City this season in an underwhelming campaign both for him and the Premier League holders , who are languishing in fourth . Bacary Sagna -LRB- right -RRB- insists he does not regret leaving Arsenal for Manchester City last summer . Sangna -LRB- right -RRB- has only made 16 appearances and City are fourth in the Premier League , with Arsenal second . Sagna departed Arsenal on the back of winning the FA Cup but faces a year without a trophy at City . But the 32-year-old Sagna says if he was faced with the decision again , he would make the same choice . ` I see a lot of comments from fans saying I should have stayed at Arsenal but if I had to do it again , if I had to come back and sign for City , I would have done it again , ' Sagna told the Manchester Evening News . ` I 'm happy because I came to the champions . ' Sagna departed the Emirates on the back of an FA Cup triumph but arrived at City with the club having won the Premier League . A year later , Arsenal are gearing up to defend their trophy against Aston Villa in the final at Wembley but City 's Premier League title will almost certainly be claimed by Chelsea . Sagna is philosophical about how City and Arsenal 's seasons have unravelled . ` When I signed I just wanted to come , give the maximum , and give my best for the club then after , it 's life , no ? ' Sagna said . Sagna -LRB- left -RRB- said he would make the same decision again if he was faced with a similar choice . Sagna believes Manuel Pellegrini 's City side will soon return to winning ways and end the season well . Sanga also brushed aside fears that City could be usurped from the Champions League qualifying places and believes Manuel Pellegrini 's side will swiftly return to winning ways . ` Everyone looks forward in the same direction , we want to be successful as a team and the coach and the staff and everyone is part of the team , ' Sagna said . ` We are doing out best to get back to a winning team and to finish the season well . '