Sleepless nights leading to the general election appear to have affected David Cameron 's memory after Prime Minister made an embarrassing gaffe by forgetting which team he supports . Speaking at an event in south London , the PM claimed to be a West Ham supporter - despite previously stating that he followed Aston Villa . ` You can support Man Utd , the West Indies and Team GB all at the same time - of course I 'd rather you supported West Ham , ' he said during a speech on ethnic minorities . Prime Minister David Cameron had brain fade after getting his claret and blue teams mixed up . The Conservative Party leader told an audience he was a West Ham fan , despite supporting Aston Villa . The Tory leader has since apologised , blaming a bout of ` brain fade ' - perhaps he became confused since both sides wear claret and blue colours . ` I had what Natalie Bennett described as a brain fade , ' he said . ` I 'm a Villa fan ... I must have been overcome by something ... this morning . But there we are , these things sometimes happen when you are on the stump . ' West Ham were quick to respond after tweeting Cameron to vote for his favourite player with the message : ` do n't forget to vote in another important election ! Who is your Hammer of the Year , Prime Minister ? ' Cameron said : ` I 'm a Villa fan ... I must have been overcome by something ... this morning . ' The PM was overjoyed when Christian Benteke -LRB- left -RRB- helped Villa reach the FA Cup final . Cameron attended his first match at Villa Park as a 13-year-old after being taken by his uncle , former Villa chairman Sir William Dugdale . In a TV interview in 2008 , Cameron told GMTV : ` The first game I ever went to was an Aston Villa game and so I am an Aston Villa fan . ' And , the Conservative leader was enthusiastic after Aston Villa defeat Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-finals . ` It was a tremendous game with Benteke and Delph doing Villa proud , against the odds . I ca n't wait to watch the final at the end of May , ' he said .